10 The Northman's combination of a large budget and epic scale with a slow burn character drama make it an incredibly unique and rare film. A disturbingly violent yet breathtakingly beautiful exploration of the cycle of violence and it's burden on those it consumes.Alexander Skarsgård gives a phenomenal lead performance, full of a ridiculously intense physicality balanced with a visible pain and trauma. Anya Taylor-Joy is incredible with steely eyed determination and Claes Bang is terrific, bringing depth and nuance to a possibly one note character.Robert Eggers' direction is excellent, full of satisfyingly long takes, visceral action and some truly surreal imagery. The music by Sebastian Gainsborough and Robin Carolan is perfect, skillfully switching between bombastic, haunting and beautiful.
9 As it is kind of becoming Eggers trademark, you either love or hate his movies. This one is no different.Is it a realistic viking representation? I wouldn't know I'm no expert on that area, but I don't think that is the point of the film. It is definetely not trying to be realisticly accurate.Is it slow at times, kind of weird, and brutally shocking? Yes that is an Eggers film as it core. Be aware of that.Is it a very enjoyable, compeling, emotional, dramatic and somehow fantastical film about the obsession of revenge and destiny? Yes, absolutely.
8 It was finally time, Robert Eggers "The Northman" one of my if not the most anticipated movie of 2022 for me.I was i little bit worried that this movie wouldn't feel like a Robert Eggers movie now that there was some big companies involved in this, but boy was i wrong. The Northman feels just like a Eggers movie but with a bigger budget, and wow what a fantastic movie this was. A dark,brutal and Violent vikings tale with some incredibly beautiful shots and a Swedish viking in the lead role.The Northman feelt like a crossover betweeen The Green Knight and Gladiator and it might already be one of the best movies of the year.
9 An epic film with a straightforward story and effective use of Norse mythology. Its intense rituals, powerful imagery, guttural and pounding music and display of culture in its authentic setting makes for an entertaining and memorable experience. Stunning scenery, brutal and bloody fight scenes and great acting performances, I thoroughly enjoyed it.
10 Robert Eggers does it again! This isn't just another viking movie, it is one of the BEST dramas ever! GREAT action & emotional too. A fitting end, while also setting up what's next. It is a stunning tale of betrayal and obsessive revenge. With excellent world building saturating every frame, it's one of the most transporting, magical, action-soaked films in some time. Must watch. 10/10.
9 Like his memorable period piece freak-outs "The Witch" and "The Lighthouse," though on a vastly more ambitious scale, bloody and deliciously violent. The Northman is a big-budget epic, but it retains those indie roots, and in " Robert Eggers " fashion , very aesthetically pleasing. This film delivers ! Powerhouse performances and otherworldly imagery . I highly recommend at some point to see this blood-soaked odyssey !! Sooner rather than later. A cinematic saga. The cast in this one is absolutely incredible. Check out the cast ....
The Northman starring Alexander Skarsgard, Anya Taylor-Joy, Nicole Kidman, Ethan Hawke, Willem Dafoe, and Björk.
8 It's intense, dark, brutal and fierce! The ultimate story about blood vengence. Unlike the Vikings show (History channel) this movie is actually pretty authentic in terms of depicting the viking culture and lifestyle. Eggers certainly has put a lot of his signature storyteliing touch on it which gives the film a unique character. Perhaps not for everybody but most people will probably find it intereating and refreshing!
9 Robert Eggers, who watched the epic movie "The Juniper Tree" at the age of 14 and decided to become a director, is now a director who makes epic films. After he proved it with "The Northman", Robert Eggers was promoted to the side of those gods from a good regulation that follows the gods of cinema. A magnificent art direction, a unique cinematography, impressive musical scores, actors and actresses each serving a purpose...
8 Young director Robert Eggers is back at it again with his most recent take on a movie based around vikings, now first of all I have to give full credit to the film when it comes to capturing the brutality of vikings because it is done spectacularly. The film itself is entertaining and the cast delivers great performances all around, this role shows that Alexander Skarsgård has what it takes to be a top tier dramatic actor as he arguably delivers a career-high performance.Now for people contemplating whether or not they should see the film because Eggers' films so far have been "too artsy" and "not for the general audience" should put their worries aside and purchase their tickets because there isn't much to worry about even though there will be many classic Eggers shots he is typically known for.As for the small negatives about the film; I felt disappointed in how little we got of Dafoe as he often shines with these types of directors. I do also have to say that the movie isn't exactly how it is shown in the trailers (less action in the final product), some people claim the trailers are superior and even though I enjoyed my time in the cinema I slightly agree with those claims.
8 Brutal, dirty and a bit monotonous. The film is reminiscent of Valhalla Rising in its direct and merciless brutality - In which Mads Mikkelsen gives a facelift in a similarly harsh world of animal violence.A similar picture is drawn in Robert Egger's film, in a simple yet banal revenge story. Yes, the violence of the first part of the film is gripping. And yes, the whole thing is excellently implemented. Very different from Vikings pop cinema or some other Viking cinema. But in the end, violence alone is not enough to tell a good story. The director did better in his two previous films. But it remains a bloody and visually stunning spectacle that you should have seen.
10 From the first frame you know that "The Northman" will not be an ordinary movie. Robert Eggers returns with another masterful story far removed from the horror genre (although with some present touches of this genre) and explores an epic story whose excellently written script surprises with each scene and each sometimes theatrical dialogue. The filming locations are tremendous and together with the first level cinematography, the costume design and a spectacular production they achieve a trip to the past and to the mythology of the Vikings. Eggers' film directing excels at every second and the performances are delightful, especially Nicole Kidman's, possibly the best performance of her career. The soundtrack is deep, the special effects shine from how excellent they are. "The Northman" is so far the best film of this 2022 and it can hardly be dethroned. Talking about this movie deserves nothing but praise, an instant classic!
8 Everything about this movie screams "beastly." Literal screams along with metaphorical ones. It's a beastly movie with a beastly cast giving beastly performances behind a backdrop of beastly cinematography scored with beastly music.I had a smile on my face for most of the movie. I was fully invested in the story and characters. The directing is top-notch with a style that gives the movie a character of its own. There are so many beautiful shots. And I give it major props for going all out and holding nothing back (we need more R-rated movies!!).In my review for Dune, I mentioned that so many scenes feel so epic even without action. Regular scenes of them walking are somehow epic. It's the same way with The Northman. It's filled with epic non-action moments, which are heavily aided by the music and cinematography. When this is the case, even the slow parts feel escalated.The entire cast gives great performances, but I need to single out Anya Taylor-Joy. I want her cast in every movie. She has the acting talent as well as a screen presence and charisma that has you glued to every scene she's in. I've liked her in everything I've seen of hers, which already includes so many great movies like Split/Glass, Last Night in Soho, and Morgan. We're witnessing the birth of a star. It's possible I'm a bit biased due to her being one of the most beautiful women on the planet.I highly recommend The Northman. If any cinemas in your area are playing it on a premium screen, it's definitely worth it. Unfortunately IMAX is still showing Fantastic Beasts. (1 viewing, opening Thursday EMAX 4/21/2022)
8 The NorthmanI thought it was brilliantThis movie is not for everyone due to the levels of violence and gore.It was an incredible mix of different elements that added up to an understanding of brutal Viking culture and how they may have lived. The different themes were fate, revenge, mythology and destiny.The mythological elements were handled with great panache, with highly stylised quasi dream sequences driving the chapters this could have been a disaster but here it worked in spades.There wasn't a lot of script it was all action and Alexander Skarsgård was perfectly cast as the cast out revenge driven son, in fact the whole movie was stuffed with stars. All I can say Nicole Kidman is wow, who'd have thunk it! The jury is still out on Claes Bang, seemed wooden and Anna Taylor-Joy, had the look, but others may be more kind!It was long at 2 hours and 16 mins, and divided into chapters in a largely linear story. It was very original and any comparison would be crass but the nearest would be The Vikings with Kirk and Tony.I did laugh out loud as some spots, I wasn't meant to, but it was more shock admiration and absurdity than comedic.The director really got some stellar performances from everyone it was masterful in letting a talented group of actors let rip at their craft.The vision, direction, cinematography and finished product is an 8 outta 10, very original and deeply memorable, I am deducting a couple of marks, firstly I sensed some scene were inserted for shock value and were bordering on gratuitous, the romantic elements were just not well done.
9 Many are fed up with seeing the Viking age depicted with so much brown leather, tattooed heads, woke casting and punk rock haircuts. So when Robert Eggers, a director whose previous two films each dealt with pagan mythology and folklore in a nuanced and thought provoking way, announced that his third film would be about Vikings, I wasn't the only one who dared to get his hopes up.The Northman is indeed consistent with Eggers' last film The Lighthouse, which delves into mythology as a means to explore the dark caverns of the human psyche. Yet unlike any his previous films, it contains impressively choreographed, high octane, action sequences which will appeal to an entirely different audience.In a nod to the first ever story recorded in Western literature, the Odyssey, the Northman also begins with a plot summary in the form of a pagan invocation. While the immortal lines in Ancient Greek invoke the Muse, likely the goddess Calliope, the husky narration of a character later revealed to be a priest of Odin, invokes that god and then reveals exactly what is going to happen with merciless disregard for spoiler-sensitive surprise-enjoyers. This introduction is also highly reminiscent of the opening of Conan the Barbarian which presents the film as a story told by a wizened old yarn spinner, much like this Odinic priest. Right from the get-go, the very pagan theme of fate inexorably leading our protagonist to his end is introduced, and we know what must occur before we finish our popcorn.Spoilers should not concern anyone who knows the story of Shakespeare's Hamlet since this plot borrows from the same source Shakespeare referred to; the medieval Danish tale of Amleth recorded in the 12th century by Saxo Grammaticus. Amleth was previously adapted for the screen in Prince of Jutland (1994), starring a young Christian Bale as 'Amled'. Eggers has replaced Denmark with the more dramatic landscape of Iceland, and England with the easternmost colony of the Viking world in Ukraine. But Eggers' Amleth does not feign madness like Hamlet, rather he descends into a very real divine madness after being initiated as a wolf of Odin.This transformation is depicted in two scenes showing separate Odinic initiation rituals. The first is early in the film, during Amleth's childhood, when his father King Aurvandil War-Raven initiates his son into manhood with the help of the court jester, Heimir. This 'fool' character is not in the original story but his inclusion was a stroke of real genius on Eggers' part. Heimir is a clear nod to Shakespeare's Yorick, the court jester Hamlet remembered so fondly from his childhood, but who appears in the play only in the form of a disembodied skull. The name Amleth itself, in its Icelandic form Amlóði, had come to mean a fool or jester in medieval Iceland, but it is thought to have originated from a term using the suffix óðr, a word cognate with Odin which refers to the divine madness or frenzy with which that god was associated. Since Amleth's feigned stupidity is replaced by Odinic frenzy in this plot, his feigned stupidity is instead personified as a character who Defoe skilfully portrays in a manner at turns hilarious and terrifying. But Heimir is also a deeply Odinic figure who introduces the young Amleth to the mysteries of the Odin cult in a visually captivating scene which reimagines the world tree of Norse mythology as a family tree which connects all the royal lineages to the god Odin. While this interpretation of the world tree would be alien to Viking pagans, they certainly did believe that kings were descended from Odin and this visual device also serves to illustrate an unforeseen plot twist at the end of the film. During the first initiation, young Amleth not only "becomes" a wolf of Odin, but is also advised by the fool in regards to the mystery of women which he says is connected to the Norns; semi-divine female entities who weave the fates of gods and men. Some Viking-age women practised a kind of shamanic, divinatory magic relating to the threads of fate which was called seiðr - a word which originally referred to a kind of thread like those used in spinning. Odin himself had to learn this magic from a goddess. The theme of the threads of fate is frequently invoked throughout the film with shots of spinning whorls and woollen threads as well as a Norn-like witch played by Icelandic popstar Björk. While Shakespeare's Hamlet agonises over the question of his own being and is thereby delayed from the righteous action of vengeance, Eggers' Amleth remains almost constantly focused on his vendetta, and when he tries to turn from this path, the threads of fate pull him back to his inevitable end.The second Odinic initiation scene occurs when Amleth has become a man with enormous trapezius muscles (row-maxing will do that), employed as a slaver in the kingdom of the Rus in Ukraine. He and a group of men all wearing the skins of wolves are led by a horned priest in a shamanistic ritual which culminates in them howling and snarling like wolves. The priest wears a headdress with horns which terminate in bird heads and this motif is recorded on dozens of artefacts from Anglo-Saxon England and Scandinavia all of which are thought to pertain to a cult of Odin, with the birds representing that god's two ravens. Several depictions also show the horned man dancing with spears and one such depiction from Sweden shows the dancer next to a man in a wolf skin. Thus the priest in this scene struts rhythmically around a ritual fire brandishing two spears in one hand.This is followed by a testosteronous, adrenaline pumping sequence where the wolf men raid a Slavic town for slaves. The town's defenders launch a spear at Amleth who catches it in mid air and returns it in one impressively fluid movement. This seemingly impossible manoeuvre is taken directly from the medieval Icelandic story of Njáls in which the Viking hero Gunnar catches a spear and throws it straight back into his enemy. So even the action choreography has benefited from consulting historical sources!After the raid Amleth receives advice from the witch Björk who sets him back on his fated path of revenge, stowing away on a slave shipment to Iceland. This part was rather silly, since Russian slaves are unlikely to have been sent further west than Sweden (Icelanders were able to acquire slaves more locally from Scotland and Ireland). Presumably historical accuracy was set aside here because Eggers wanted the love interest, Olga, to be some kind of Slavic pagan witch who could be integrated into the dream-like sequences pertaining to fate and the Norns. Couldn't she have been a Celtic witch?Next Olga and Amleth live as slaves on a remote Icelandic farm owned by his uncle and Mother who don't recognise him. This part of the film bears rather a close resemblance to 'When the Raven Flies' (1984), an Icelandic film about an Irish slave who seeks revenge on the Vikings who murdered his parents. There is then an innovative and enigmatic sequence in which Amleth is led by a fox to a cave in which he finds a priest of Odin. The priest, like Shakespeare's gravedigger in Hamlet, shows Amleth the disembodied head of the court jester he loved so well as a boy. But this is not merely a skull like Yorick's, rather the priest has preserved the head with magic, just as Odin preserved the severed head of Mimir so that it could recite to him the esoteric wisdom of Hell. Now we leave Elizabethan courts, descending into the misty realm of telluric pagan esotericism. We hear Defoe's voice speak from beyond the grave instructing Amleth to enter a barrow at night to retrieve a legendary sword with which he shall avenge his father. Heimir, like Mimir, serves as a prophet in death, but in fact he had been a prophet even in life too, for at the start of the film he makes lewd insinuations about Amleth's Mother the Queen. A grave warning disguised as bawdy humour.We never see the lips of the head move, and as with all the supernatural sequences in the film, Eggers leaves open the possibility that these phenomena are only depictions of what the characters imagine or dream they are seeing. In the following scene when Amleth, beneath the light of the full moon, breaks into the barro, we see again how faithfully the film adheres to historical accuracy, since the corpse of the great man in the barrow can be dated to the pre-Viking Vendel era based on his weapons and armour. There are many stories of men retrieving ancient weapons from barrows such as the poem Hervararkviða in which a woman climbs into her father's barrow to retrieve a sword called Tyrfing. The corpse Amleth encounters is sat upright on a throne, which in Norse lore is a sure sign that he will come back to life as a zombie which the Vikings called a draugr. Sure enough an intense fight scene between Amleth and the draugr ensues, ending with Amleth shoving its decapitated head between its buttocks - this too is attested in the sources. But then it cuts back to Amleth standing before the seated corpse as though nothing had happened. Was it all a dream? Exactly the sort of supernatural ambiguity we should expect from Eggers.The depiction of the Odinic priest wearing a woman's dress and an anachronistic 17th century Christian symbol was unfortunate and based on a strongly contested theory that Odin wore women's clothes as part of divinatory seiðr rituals. These are, however, minor quibbles with an expertly crafted film which is well cast, with actors pulling off some phenomenal performances (Nicole Kidman deserves particular praise for her role as the detestable Queen Gudrún). Eggers is certainly among the greatest filmmakers of his generation and regardless of how well The Northman performs at the box office, I don't need to put on a dress to prophesy that it will be remembered as a cult classic of cinema history.
7 Epic films over Vikings are I think less common than epics about the Roman empire , but they have been always there. An example is "The Vikings" (1958, Richard Fleischer). Although "The Lord of the rings" (2001 - 2003, Peter Jackson) is not strictly Viking, the Tolkien story is undeniably based on Nordic mythology and has given an impetus to the genre.In the films over the Roman empire their civilisation and their military might are equally emphasized most of the time. In Viking films on the other hand the violence dominates. I hoped that a director like Robert Eggers would change that emphasis. In "The Northman" he did so less drastically than I hoped for. Yes there are some scenes with Nordic religious rituals, but the emphasis is still on the action scenes. I am afraid that to learn more about the Viking culture I have to read the book "Children of Ash and Elm" (2020, Neil Price), what I'm definitely planning.After "The Witch" (2015) and "The Lighthouse" (2019), "The Northman" (2022) is the first Eggers film with a big budget. The film remains vintage Eggers, but on the other hand it is clear that, compared to his earlier films, Eggers feeled obliged to make the film commercially more attractive by adding some action scenes. The iconic ending scene makes however very clear that "The Northman" in no way glorifies violence.With vintage Eggers I am not so much reffering to the rituals included but much more to the state of mind of the lead character Amleth (Alexander Skarsgard). In all of his previous films the lead characters had or got a twisted mind. In "The Witch" this is due to a gloomy, stern and depressing religious belief, in "The lighthouse" due to loneliness and in "The Northman" due to all-consuming vengeance. The character of Olga (Anya Taylor Joy) gives Amleth the opportunity to broaden his mind. The opportunity is however not taken.As already mentioned, Alexander Skarsgard plays the lead character prince Amleth. One might think that this character is based in the Shakespearian Hamlet, but in reality it is the other way around. Amleth is a folkloric character from the writings of the 13th century historian Saxo Grammaticus.In one of the most cruel scenes Amleth and his fellow warriors conquer and then burn down a Slavic village. This scene also draws attention to the extent of the area in which the influence of the Vikings was felt. In a recent podcast about Russian history I learned that Kiev (the city is once mentioned in the dialogue of "The Northman") is a city with strong Viking influences while Moscow is more influenced by the Mogul culture of Ghengis Kahn.
5 This might be an unpopular one, but I guess I have to speak the truth as I found it - which was that I was hoping "The Northman" would be a crazy, wild and brutal Viking adventure - which in some elements it is, but it's also a lyrical, arthouse-style, loose adaptation of Amleth, that perhaps caught me in the wrong mood to truly appreciate.King Aruvandil (Ethan Hawke) is a Viking King, who is murdered by his brother Fjolnir (Claes Bang) who takes his Estate and his Queen Gudrun (Nicole Kidman). Fjolnir fails to kill his son, Amleth (Oscar Novak/Alexander Skarsgard) though, who swears revenge as a child and after years killing and pillaging with an adopted clan, learns that Fjolnir has moved to Iceland. Infiltrating the household as a slave, Amelth joins forces with Olga (Anya Taylor-Joy) another slave in the house and his long-awaited vengeance begins.I can see why people liked it. It's beautiful to look at, shot in practical locations and using CGI to enhance the scenes when required, such as the epic volcano that looms over Iceland throughout the film and features in the ending. The fight scenes are generally well done, though I don't necessarily think that they were as gory as I hoped, or as others seem to have found them. Skarsgard's performance was good, though if I'm honest I'm not sure that any of the rest of the cast (perhaps with the exception of Claes Bang) really fit the roles they were playing. . . These are all actors I like in other things, but personally felt like they were miscast here.Again, I really do feel like on another day, or perhaps at home rather than at the cinema I might have enjoyed the film more, but it felt long, and I didn't care for the times when the film took its more artistic flights of fancy. The film I'd compare it too is "The Green Knight", which is similar in terms of tone and use of fantasy elements, though obviously with a different cultural mythology.It's not often that I feel like the problem with a film I haven't enjoyed might be me, rather than the film - but "The Northman" feels like a film that's going to divide it's audience and, this time, I'm not sold.
7 In the 95h century young Priceling Amleth vows to avenge his treacherously slain father. Being as how he's just a lad, this takes him many years and lot of geography. By the time he locates the target of his vengeance, he is changed from a pretty, effeminate pre-teen to a husky, hairy, scowly, muscular man of few words, and his journey has taken him from somewhere to somewhere different. The somewhere different is Iceland, but there's still lots of grey grass, gray mud, and grey snow. Bloodshed ensues.Well, this is a weird one. In case the main character's name doesn't give it away, it's Hamlet, transposed to a cheerless Nordic/Germanic background. Title screens are in futhorc or something similar, with English translation. Similarly, some dialogue is in (I assume ) an original tongue, although most involves English in a distracting accent.It was well staged, the locations and sets are effective if uninviting, and everyone and everything is extremely dirty and looks very cold. The performances are good, with caveats. Alexander Skarsgard's Amleth is a bit one-note, and his Mum should have been someone a bit lower profile than Nicole Kidman. Anya Taylor-Joy is as magnetic as always. Their are a couple more high-profile names buried under makeup and hair. They could have been anybody.It is very violent, by the way - there is no profanity but, on the other hand, a bit of nudity, a couple of decapitations, some dismemberment, and some violent field sports more than make up for this.
10 Amleth is the main character, but move the last letter and put it first in the name and you will see the contours of the epic costume: a dark tale of a father murder, a killer uncle and the little boy who has witnessed it all and wants revenge. Shakespeare borrowed the plot from the Nordic medieval legend about Amleth to "Hamlet", but Robert Egger's handling of the material in "The Northman" is a far more brutal and more existential experience. A pure bloody masterpiece, brutally breathtaking.
10 The Northman is unlike anything that has been released this year. Anya Taylor Joy killed it once again in her role. The whole cast was spectacular. I left the theater with my jaw hanging it was unbelievable. I thought I was on the set of this movie that's how real this felt. The last time I saw anything this good was last months The Batman.This movie is a must see film for any history buff or really anyone. The fight scenes are some of the best and most brutal that I have ever seen I thought I was going to get sick they were that good. I hope the Oscars remember this movie because this should win some awards.11/10.
8 Relying on a visible work of research and being very faithful to the customs and history of a people, The Northman demonstrates that Eggers is still in great shape.It is a work that will win with more than one viewing, betting on a strong construction of characters and demanding commitment from those who watch. That effort is rewarded with an epic revenge story, excellent performances, unexpected scenes, lots of violence and beautiful cinematography.Full review (in PT): Critica - The Northman.
9 The Northman is a match made in Heaven that has ventured through Hel and Niflheim to reach us. 'Tis a masterwork of grit and violence that is also contemplative and beautiful; a surely crowd-pleasing action film that can also be unmistakably discerned as the work of modern genius Robert Eggers.In the film, Eggers captures the beauty and brutality of Nordic folklore -- from the snarling intensity of Alexander Skarsgård to the ethereal mysticism of Björk as The Seeress (plus a far better usage of Iceland as a shooting location than last year's Lamb). What might turn some people off, even those at my local theater who will watch anything with a half-naked Skarsgård family member in it, is the story, which is "Hamlet all over again" to anyone who doesn't know just where Shakespeare got the idea for his most mimicked play.When a movie is based on a tale that has inspired countless others, causing many a newbie to mislabel the film "unoriginal", I usually bring up the John Carter Effect, which I might now need to rename "the Amleth effect", as the Scandinavian legends of Prince Amleth predate the tales of Hamlet and The Lion King more so than the source material of John Carter predates Attack of the Clones, Total Recall, et al. Having said that, I understand if you find the plot itself a touch predictable. When King Aurvandill War-Raven (Ethan Hawke) greets another character (Claes Bang) as "brother", we all know who is killing whom a few scenes ahead.War-Raven's son, of course, survives and grows up into a bloodthirsty Alexander Skarsgård, now a Viking warrior who eventually disguises himself as a slave in order to be shipped back to his uncle to exact revenge and save his mother Queen Gudrún (a phenomenal Nicole Kidman). Driven by a sense of loyalty to his blood, even when a beautiful Slavic slave named Olga of the Birch Forest (Anya Taylor-Joy) seems to steer him toward a new life, he sticks to what he feels is his duty -- his destiny -- but makes a discovery that challenges everything. I dare not say too much.The cast is utterly sublime and I'm still yet to mention everyone; there's Willem Dafoe having the time of his life as "he-witch" Heimir the Fool, Gustav Lindh as Amleth's sniveling half-brother, two separate actors who are both named Ian Whyte, plus such major Icelandic names as theater actor Ingvar Eggert Sigurðsson, strongman Hafþór Júlíus Björnsson, and the aforementioned Björk. This constitutes her first "real" acting role since Dancer in the Dark (2000) -- and while I am aware of her appearance in one of Matthew Barney's works, I'm not generous enough to call anything he's made a "real" movie.My companion and I agreed that this was simultaneously this year's Dune and The Green Knight -- a thunderous "thinking man's blockbuster" on one hand and arthouse Fantasy on the other. Both of those works supplied some of the most striking visuals and music of that year, which rings true of The Northman as well.I'm sure many critics dismissed the film as some sort of male power fantasy (albeit one that's distinctly the work of Eggers and so supplies effective visuals and strong acting). However, the movie has a somewhat subversive take on this story; a point to be made about those beastly impulses all "true" men are supposed to pursue and how they might be easily manipulated into doing so by the right appeals and powerwords (ideas of honor, legacy, duty, fate, and so on and so forth). This, along with the artful visuals, is what critics mean when they say that this is an action blockbuster as done by an actually smart filmmaker: it's not as straightforward as you might believe from a surface look.That being said, it can certainly be enjoyed as a gruff and violent testosterone-fest, but that still doesn't mean it's just for the dudes. First of all, anyone can appreciate this caliber of bombastic-yet-immaculately-coordinated filmmaking and this tier of effective imagery (this is among the best-choreographed combat you will see in recent cinema, and a few of the more brutal sequences seem directly inspired by 1985's Come and See).More importantly, when Skarsgård was doing his most intense gruntings and snarlings, I'm pretty sure the lady on the row behind me started moaning.
9 This is a movie that I've been excited about. It feels like I heard about this movie a couple years ago and I'm assuming due to COVID, it got pushed back. Knowing that Robert Eggers as doing a new movie that was featuring Vikings and revenge, you had me in. The more that I heard about the cast, it piqued my interest even more. Now I got to see this early thanks to Fright Club Podcast, as they had a showing through the Focus group.We start this movie with Amleth (Oscar Novak) as a boy. He greets his father who is back from war. His father is King Aurvandil (Ethan Hawke) who is known as War-Raven. Amleth's mother is Queen Gudrún (Nicole Kidman). His world is turned upside when his father is murdered and Amleth flees. Years later, he grows up in the land of Rus, having joined another group of Vikings. Amleth is now a fierce berserker. His oath to avenge his father and rescue his mother never leaving his mind. He then sets out to do so. In the process, he meets Olga (Anya Taylor-Joy) and falls in love with her. It makes him question what to do.What I will say is that Eggers has done it again. I've seen all his movies in the theater. This is the one that needs to be seen there for sure. His care with making it feel like we're in the past is great. From the language to the look and the outfits, it is amazing. I like that we're given runes they'd use, the spelling of the things and just the care that was taken has it on point. We get a simple story, but the depths that Amleth goes to get his revenge is amazing. There is also a great cast which helps. I like the music that we get to help build the atmosphere. My experience here was worth seeing it early.My Rating: 8.5 out of 10.
9 The Northman is a gritty, visceral, other worldly, unrelenting masterpiece.The camera work is incredible, the acting is flawless, the music a perfect strong booming accompaniment and the whole film has an incredibly unique feel to it.This is in my opinion, the best depiction of Vikings and Norse Gods I have ever seen. Whilst I was hoping for one giant battle spectacle, it really isn't that sort of film, and I am now somewhat glad it didn't follow the stereotypical huge blockbuster battles nor have that Hollywood feel.This is a loose adaptation of the 13th century tale Amleth, which eventually inspired William Shakespeares Hamlet.If you think yourself a film buff - you 100% need to see this movie. I can appreciate the general viewer may find this too intense, but more fool them. This is Robert Zeggers best work so far.
8 Greetings again from the darkness. After two incredible arthouse films that earned the label "visionary filmmaker" for Robert Eggers, some would not have been surprised to find him cashing in on a huge payday for the next colossal superhero movie. But for those of us who adore and respect him for THE WITCH (2015) and THE LIGHTHOUSE (2019), we knew Mr. Eggers was not the comic book type. Instead, he secured a hefty budget (still less than $100 million) and with his co-writer, Icelandic author Sjon (writer of last year's mesmerizing LAMB), created the most epic Viking movie to date ... while firmly maintaining his artsy stylings.Every now and then a movie comes along and I must accept that my words will fall short; that I won't be able to do justice to what I've experienced on screen. This is certainly one of those times. Based on the same Scandinavian folk tale that inspired Shakespeare to pen "Hamlet", this Eggers film is not just meticulously researched, it also pulls us right in so that we slosh through the mud and muck. We shiver from the cold. We feel the wind and the brutality of the violence. We live the harsh elements of Viking life.The film opens in the year 895 AD as young Prince Amleth welcomes home his battle-weary father, King Aurvandil (Ethan Hawke). Not long after jester Heimer the Fool (Willem Dafoe) jokes about the Queen and the King's brother, the boy witnesses his uncle Fjolnir (Claes Bang, the excellent "Dracula" TV mini-series, 2020) strike dead the king. Amleth escapes, pledging to avenge his father's murder and the kidnapping of his mother, Queen Gudrun (Oscar winner Nicole Kidman). Flash forward twenty years and Amleth has become a behemoth of a man played by Alexander Skarsgard (Eric Northman in "True Blood"), who lives, fights, and kills alongside violent 10th century Vikings. Amleth is a hulking beast unmatched in battle, yet one who never unnecessarily harms women or children.His revenge plan leads him to the farming village where his mother and Uncle Fjolnir now live as wife and husband, an arrangement Amleth is certain she adheres to for her own safety and that of her new son. Bjork, in her first big screen role since DANCER IN THE DARK (2000), appears as the seeress who knows Amleth's destiny. It's here where Amleth meets Olga "of the Birch Forest" (Anya Taylor-Joy) and reveals his plan to her. Olga describes her supernatural abilities as breaking men's minds in contrast to his breaking their bones. The two are quite the match.Eggers stages a stunning final showdown with a naked sword fight atop a burning volcano to ensure we aren't subjected to an ending that falls short. The visceral savagery on the screen is somehow both brutal and beautiful. This is epic cinematic brilliance from Eggers and cinematographer Jarin Blaschke, who treat us to numerous long takes in harsh weather and discomforting action. This is 136 minutes featuring some of cinemas best faces, while also proving that visionary is simply not a strong enough word to describe director Robert Eggers.Opening in theaters on April 22, 2022.
10 This is a masterpiece! Photography, storytelling, scenery, motives, actors, everything!One of the best films I watched in recent years. Recommend 10/10.
6 No surprise that the visuals were breathtaking, some beautiful shots and immersive cinematography. However, there was no depth to the plot. Some lovely character moments.
7 Though the style part was enjoyable on it's own; the cinematography, special effects, costumes, score, set design and much of the acting was brilliant. It felt great to lose myself into the feel of the wizarding world again. But the plot and the writing felt unanchored in anything real or relatable. Nothing felt earned. Events just happened without much anticipation or appreciation of their significance, and I didn't feel invested much in any of the plot lines or characters. I'm not expert enough to pinpoint exactly what went wrong, but I know something did.
4 Rather slow and boring with a politically oriented plot which throttles itself through its design choices. There's lots of spectacular looking CGI and special effects, but most of the action was in dark scenes which made it hard to see what was going on and for all the magic in the film, it had none of the awe or amazement of the Harry Potter films. Some funny moments and the acting and music was ok, but the secrets were underwhelming and although the production value was high, the entertainment level was not.
6 In pleasing a result, the third entry into the Fantastic Beasts franchise (a franchise that seemingly exists with support but no dedicated fanbase or huge fanfare) is a marked improvement on the dire misstep that was 2018's The Crimes of Grindelwald, even if Harry Potter veteran director David Yates still can't find the real magic to enliven this wizarding world property to a level that would have it competing in the same space as the beloved films that came before this J. K Rowling property.Becoming less and less about the titular beasts that started this Eddie Redmayne lead adventure all the way back in 2016 and more about trying to draw in extra audience engagement and enthusiasm by bringing back known staples such as Hogwarts and a much more prevalent Albus Dumbledore into this latest outing, you can see the battle raging between Fantastic Beasts trying to figure out exactly what it is and who its for and its a battle that isn't won clearly by the conclusion of this third outing, making it a sometimes frustratingly cold experience that still manages to entertain to decent degree.Without a clear identity or even a character we can truly call our own, with Redmayne's Newt Scamander getting to do his awkward shtick here once more but feeling more like a bystander to whats going on around him, with new addition Mads Mikkelsen's Grindelwald growing in power and his old acquaintance Dumbledore trying to assemble a crack team to help thwart his plans, Fantastic Beasts is hamstrung by its inability to focus its attention into a specific story arc or character journey, with its drab grey and gloomy sets, dark themes and heavy topics feeling rather unmagical for a film that potentially could've finally shed the shackles of past expectations to really let fly with some inventiveness and spark.There are snippets of such things here, a prison escape and some brief moments spent back in the halls of Hogwarts but for a majority of the films two hour plus runtime there's not a whole lot of memorable moments delivered in Yates film, which is by no means offensively bad or incoherent like much of Crimes of Grindelwald was but it still makes you wish someone could take hold of this property and turn it into the possibly great series it could be, something that is unlikely now with two films left to come.While not inspiring much jaw-dropping or magical chills, there's still an undeniable cinematic goodness to Rowling's magic filled universe and there is a feeling here that with Dumbledore building his ragtag group of foot soldiers and with Mikkelsen giving Grindelwald a significant amount of menace and unnerving energy, there's hope yet still that the final chapters of Rowling's mid-tier and seemingly unloved property can still work to a level that will ensure we walk away from the Fantastic Beasts series indifferent in ways but not upset at what's been done to our beloved world of wizards, witches and muggles (and the odd beast or two).Final Say -Still far removed from even the lesser of the Harry Potter films, Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore is a small step back in the right direction following the crimes of the last entry and while its still not awe-inspiring by any stretch of the imagination, its a passable diversion of anyone with a passing interest in the Harry Potter cannon.3 crab walks out of 5For more reviews check out Jordan and Eddie (The Movie Guys)
2 Where to begin with this agonising experience? Its a 2 hour 20 minute film that feels like its twice that length. I think the writers must have been paid per character they introduce, because this film has so many characters they sink the ship that this franchise is.Nothing happens for so long. No one is interesting. We don't care about anything. The saving grace of this film is that the acting across the board is great, but great acting cannot save awful writing.The two good characters are Dumbledore and Newt. Jude Law is great as Dumbledore and, as the title suggests, we learn things about him. Newt is a fun plucky character. I feel bad his Fantastic Beasts series was taken over by this dour slog simulator.The action is messy. There's no stakes to the action because you don't care about anyone. The film jumps from place to place to thing to thing and nothing is interesting. Why do I care about any of these people (apart from my boy Newt).Someone needs to lose the writers and directors for the sequels because all I can say about this series is that its a colossal waste of time.
6 Was the third installment in the Fantastic Beast "universe" a succes?Well, the main storyline was okey but the rest of it was kinda unimportant and not that interesting..
Also like i had with the previous two installments was the lack of intensity and emotions in the action scenes.And after 3 completed movie i still can't find my connection with most of the characters especially the main one's.The "recasting" of Johnny Depp was a huge mistake for the development of Grindelwald's character!One of the outstanding parts were the CGi and special effects so enjoyable and well created.Also the Harry Potter references were nice, lovely and not overdone
It's a overall good movie but not one to rewatch weekly like the other two, it's pretty predictable with more forgettable moments than remembered once's.I really wanted to like it more but it just didn't really worked out for me...
5 A movie with some solid ideas for character development and a promising overall plotline that constantly loses itself in meaningless subplots and ridicoulus moments of mere fan service. Overall the movie ended up being a visually impressive gathering of missed opportunities.Instead of focusing on Newt, Dumbledore or Grindelwald the writers included screentime filling action for a number of side characters that does not influence the outcome at all. This only prevents the main story from progressing and (apart from the admittedly hilarious sidekick Kowalski) creates passages that you just have to endure.Plus the faceless army of Grindelwald's followers is so utterly incompetent that there never is any real danger to the heroes. They get shot down like puppets in a 15:1 strength ratio, are knocked out by Quidditch balls that wouldn't even cause a twelve-year-old any problems (see Harry Potter Part 2) and get beaten up by a Muggle with a suitcase.The whole "we meet at Hogwarts to make a plan to save the world"-scene could have been replaced by a simple letter and wasn't any more than an excuse to include the castle in the trailer.
4 Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of DumbledoreThis really was quite dull, how far has this franchise fallen, from funny tasting toffees and "oculus repairum" spells to repair broken specs, to this dreary, tedious and miserable movie. There was no evidence whatsoever of the creative brilliance of JK Rowling, this was created by a teen committee at the United Woke Nations.It was broadly about an evil man wanting to become PM of the magic world (he just wasn't very evil) and quite frankly who cares. The rest was tying up loose ends in the most predictable of fashions.It was over CGI'd, the music unimaginative, the plot predictable, just nothing new to be found here.At best this is a weak 4 outta 10, meaning best forgotten about using that obliviate spell!
2 I loved the first two films in the "Beasts" franchise - original, well paced, and with interesting story lines.However, this third installment is slow, confused, with too many plot lines and just plods to a fairly predictable conclusion in half an hour more than it needs to be.This film had significant script problems, and it shows. The originator of the franchise has obviously run out of ideas, and the studio lack the courage to bring someone else in that can take the franchise and keep the quality up.It's said that authors should never adapt their own work, and although this is an original story, rather than from a book. The same reasons are true. The author gets too attached to irrelevant story lines and character arcs, whilst fresh eyes can trim the fat and produce a more coherent work. Added to this is the heavy handed allegory of the rise of European socialism in Germany in the 20s and 30s driven by Rowling's somewhat dubious politics, and it's a recipe for nearly two and a half hours of turgid self-indulgence.It is said that if you love something, set it free. Well, Rowling obviously hates this franchise. She should set it free and let a professional take over.
6 The Secrets of Dumbledore is convoluted by inconsequential plotlines and redundant characters. It's so unfocused, it doesn't have a consistent tone or protagonist. The film centers around wizarding politics, but doesn't elaborate on them. This shrinks the Potterverse and satisfies nobody. Meanwhile, Redmayne and Law's protagonist duet is equally unsatisfying. Oddly, no character feels essential (besides Grindelwald) and action sequences don't progress the story. Ultimately, the movie is overstuffed and develops nothing. Mikkelsen and Fogler excel in their limited roles, but they're sparse in this jumble. Without streamlining, The Secrets of Dumbledore is emotionally uninspired.Technically, The Secrets of Dumbledore is disappointing. First, the effects are overdone. Earlier action is compelling, but the finale is undercut by excessive CGI. Plus, the production design in that final act feels empty. Squandering the union of fantasy and period dressings, the climax is woefully shallow. Furthermore, the editing is bloated and arbitrary because scenes don't influence one another. Lastly, the imagery is drab due to needlessly muted colors and plain framing. The solid music, impressive cast, and meaningful sound can only go so far. Overall, The Secrets of Dumbledore might please some, but is unlikely to leave an impression.Writing: 5/10
Direction: 5/10
Cinematography: 6/10
Acting: 7/10
Editing: 5/10
Sound: 8/10
Score/Soundtrack: 7/10
Production Design: 6/10
Casting: 8/10
Effects: 6/10Overall Score: 6.3/10.
1 Firing Johnny Depp was a huge and costly mistake. I was actually excited to finally get into the Fantastic Beasts franchise having always been a Harry Potter fan but after learning how little integrity Warner Brothers has I have lost all interest.
8 Even though it still has a reasonably messy narrative, Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore is a significant improvement over it's disappointing predecessor that actually remembers to be fun and emotionally satisfying with genuinely magical moments.Eddie Redmayne still has the adorably awkward charm and likeability that make him a consistently great lead. Mads Mikkelsen is definitely the best Grindelwald with a more subtle and restrained evil presence.Jude Law is once again an incredible Dumbledore and Dan Fogler is still a really funny scene stealer. Jessica Williams is an amazing new addition with endless charisma and is instantly likeable.David Yates' direction is really good despite having done so many already, still delivering inventive set pieces and great fights. The CG is mostly impressive if a little overused. The music by James Newton Howard is excellent, adding to the overall atmosphere with effective callbacks and heartwarming whimsy.
5 We've been waiting for this movie for so long and we are so very disappointed with the non-original, empty story line. Many key topics were squeezed into couple of sentences and instead of building a proper story line, it was filled with some magic tricks.Although in general I like Mads Mikkelsen, I didn't think he was a good fit for the role. Depp played a more specific and rememberable character, whereas Mads Mikkelsen was just a simple emotionless 'bad guy' character which I found to be very one-dimentional.All and all, I don't think we will be watching the next movie in the cinema.
6 Storyline wasn't that interesting. Magic wand again? Another Harry Potter type of movie? Fighting scene not intense at all. Kind of slow pace, hard to get into it. Need more highlight in the scene.
1 I probably managed to stay awake for less than half of this film, if you add up the bits that I endured. Perhaps that means I don't have the right to judge it. But to my mind it accurately reflects the fare on offer. A lot of the dialogue was inaudible. Nothing much happened for long periods. When action does kick in it can be visually stirring, but with so little investment in the characters and their predicament it was not exciting.As I have never been keen on Harry Potter, fans of the franchise may feel they should take these comments with a pinch of salt. But my wife, who loved Harry Potter and dragged me to a number of the films, yawned her way through this and pronounced it poor.
1 Can we stop with the agenda? For crying out loud it's just becoming too much. They basically messed up the whole movie for nothing. It was boring, weird and the plot was absolutely horrific.
9 My Review - Fantastic Beasts :
The Secrets of Dumbledore
My Rating 9/10In my review of the last Fantastic Beasts : The Crimes of Grindelwald which I rated 6/10 I said after I wouldn't see this third instalment after being underwhelmed by the previous Fantastic Beast films but I'm so glad I relented hoping 3rd time lucky because I love the Harry Potter characters and the magic wizardry and can only ask
Wow! What happened ? Someone has visited Olivander's wand shop since The Crimes of Grindelwald and Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.My theory is that the magic wand used in this 3rd Instalment of Fantastic Beasts belongs to Steve Kloves one of the original screenwriters of the Harry Potter franchise movies Philosopher's Stone, Chamber of Secrets, Prisoner of Azkaban, Goblet of Fire, Half Blood Prince and Deathly Hallows 1 & 2 .Steve Kloves was bought back to assist J. K. Rowling after the luke warm reception the first 2 Fantastic Beasts movie received it's been ten years since JK Rowling and Steve Klove's last collaboration together and the magic is back.Not all original novelists make great screenplay writers and I suspect J K Rowling is one of them.I read an interesting article that basically explains that creative control aside, screenwriting holds financial appeal for authors. Rights to a novel are pretty cheap optioning will often earn writers less than their initial book advance-but a screenwriting assignment can pay well into six figures however novels can luxuriate in internal moments of indecision and longing. Movies keep chugging along at 24 frames per second."
Fantastic Beasts :The Secrets of Dumbledore has the same Director David Yates as the 2 previous Fantastic Beasts films he also directed 4 of the Harry Potter movies and its great to see the spirit of those films back at last.In my opinion the story this time instead of resembling a Marvel Studios action movie returns to the Spirit of Hogwart's Wizard World with more insight into character development and a much less confusing story with some touching and comedic moments, especially the sideways crab dance that Newt and brother Theseus (Callum Turner) have to perform to escape from the deadly cave creatures.Jude Law is superb as the younger Professor Albus Dumbledore who knows the powerful Dark wizard Gellert Grindelwald ( Mads Mikkelsen ) is moving to seize control of the wizarding world.I even warmed to Eddie Redmayne this time as Magiczoologist Newt Scamander who Albus Dumbledore entrusts to lead an intrepid team of wizards, witches and one brave Muggle baker Jacob Kowalski ( Dan Fogler) on a dangerous mission, where they encounter old and new beasts and clash with Grindelwald's growing legion of followers.Perhaps I'm reading too much into the story but for me there's comparisons to our troubled muggle world today and the evil influences affecting us.Is there an alternate Wizard or supernatural universe that we're unaware of that is plotting to destroy life as we know it?I particularly enjoyed Jessica Williams as the charismatic witch Eulailie Lally Hicks her increased role in this instalment adds charm and wit to the much improved script.Also Victoria Yeats is delightful as Bunty Broadacre protector of the wonderful qilin a magical creature that can see into one's soul as well as the future . Alison Sudol returns as Queenie Goldstein the delightful and half muggle half witch romantic interest of Muggle baker Jacob Kowalski.Great visual effects and set designs by Anna Pinnock with costumes by Colleen Atwood who dresses Jude Law with sartorial elegance all add to a top review from me . I certainly never thought I'd be saying that I will certainly look forward to the next Fantastic Beasts movie after Crimes of Grindelwald but I've learnt it's wise never to say never.Take a look at the timeline to see how the events of Fantastic Beasts connect to Harry Potter..........1881: Albus Dumbledore is born to Percival and Kendra Dumbledore in the village of Mould-on-the-Wold.1883: Albus' brother, Aberforth Dumbledore, is born.1885: Albus' sister, Ariana Dumbledore, is born.1891: Ariana is attacked by three Muggle boys. Percival seeks revenge for his daughter's assault and is imprisoned in Azkaban for it.September 1892-June 1899: Albus attends Hogwarts.1899: Kendra is accidentally killed by Ariana, forcing Albus to return home to care for his sister. Grindelwald arrives in Godric's Hollow after being expelled from Durmstrang Institute and befriends Albus. Ariana is accidentally killed during a three-way duel between Albus, Aberforth and Grindelwald, prompting Grindelwald to flee.1900-1926: At some point in this time period, Grindelwald steals the Elder Wand-one of the three Deathly Hallows-from wandmaker Gregorovitch.~1908: Credence Barebone, a.k.a. Aurelius Dumbledore, is born.December 1926: Newt Scamander arrives in America. Tom Riddle Jr.-who later becomes Lord Voldemort-is born in London.1927: Newt travels to Paris to find Credence on Albus' orders. Credence flees with Grindelwald to Nurmengard where he learns that he is Albus' long-lost brother Aurelius. Newt publishes Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.1938: Voldemort begins attending Hogwarts.1943: Voldemort creates his first horcrux.1945: Voldemort leaves Hogwarts and disappears. Albus defeats Grindelwald in a duel, winning control of the Elder Wand and ending the Global Wizarding War. Grindelwald is sentenced to life in Nurmengard prison.1956: Albus is appointed headmaster of Hogwarts.1970: The First Wizarding War begins.July 1980: Harry Potter is born in Godric's Hollow.October 1981: Voldemort's soul is ripped from his body when he attempts to kill baby Harry, ending the First Wizarding War.September 1991: Harry begins attending Hogwarts.June 1995: Voldemort regains his physical body and the Second Wizarding War begins.June 1997: Severus Snape kills Albus.March 1998: Voldemort kills Grindelwald in Nurmengard in an attempt to gain control of the Elder Wand.May 1998: Harry defeats Voldemort during the Battle of Hogwarts, ending the Second Wizarding War.
2 Boring, broken plot, bad characters, terrible logic. I don't even know why Warner allowed the movie to be shown. I'd rather sleep at home for two hours than waste my time in cinema.
8 Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore: Mads Mikkelsen takes over as Grindelwald and is very good indeed in the part, at times he's seemingly channeling Hannibal. There is a poignant scene as the film opens though where he meets Dumbledore (Jude Law) over a cup of tea and they philosophise over their lost love but there is no rapprochement. Some great CGI but the action is important as Grindelwald challenges for the position of Supreme Mugwump, Much of the action takes place in a Germany where Grindelwald has subverted it's Ministry of Magic and there are allegories with Nazi Germany as his supporters rally and his Gestapo like goons combat Newt Scamander (Eddie Redmayne) and his team. A prison rescue sequence has plenty of wonderful creatures and monsters but outstays it's welcome. Still, this film is an improvement on The Crimes of Grindelwald even if it would have benefited from a 15 minute cut in it's running time. Directed by David Yates, written by J. K. Rowling and Steve Kloves. 8/10.
6 As a real Potterhead, I watched Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore Premiere in the theatre. After the movie got postponed twice my expectations got higher and I was definitely optimistic about this one. It dissapointed me again. The longest part of the movie is totally unnecessary and boring, filling our heads with some information in a really slow way. The last part of the movie contains few great battles and Harry Potter backstory information so the movie is definitely watchable especially for the Harry Potter fans, but generally the plot barely exists and the whole movie is only a bridge to the new, upcoming one. Just like the last part, The Crimes of Grindelwald, this one contains great visuals and fighting sequences, but awful pacing and a boring plot.
2 The movie is really slow, eats ur mind like anything🤦. It deserved a strong narrative and storyline about "The Dumbledore of Hogwarts" but completely thumbs down👎. Hope to see something good like old HP days in the near future. This is really pathetic. Not a single character is entertaining.
2 I don't understand what the idea of this movie was. It has a lot of nonsense fit together into a movie that doesn't matter at all. The whole idea of the movie makes no sense.It's such a missed opportunity. I was really sad to see what they did.The best scenes in the movie have been like 5 minutes all together in Hogwarts when it was not about the plot.
3 The first couple of Fantastic Beasts movies were MUCH better than this although nothing compared to the original Harry Potter series of course. Plot holes galore, boring characters and disservice to the primary FB cast who didn't seem to be as enthusiastic in their roles as they once were. This of course includes the legendary Johnny Depp whom was sorely missed in this film. Mad's performance as Grindelwald was just like any plain and ordinary 'bad guy' with the emotional range of a teaspoon as Hermione once famously said. My favourite parts were when the original 'Harry Potter' themes played although Hogwarts was an utter husk to how it was in the Potter franchise...
This is the first and only 'Potterverse' film that was lacklustre and disappointing imo. Hopefully the next films will step up their game because they can only use 'the pandemic' as an excuse for so much these days. A lot of shows & movies suck lately. Even ones that used to be great (Marvel, The Walking Dead etc.)
5 As a Harry Potter fan I am very disappointed. Since it was called "The Secrets of Dumbledore" i I was expecting a lot more in depth exploration of the character and the history with Grindelwald etc. But nothing particularly interesting or that we didn't already know was revealed. The movie is filled with so much action and sub-plots that kids would maybe enjoy but felt very unnecessary. The reasoning behind all the drama felt a bit ridiculous and ultimately degrading to the source material, I could not take the plot seriously.This is not how I imagine the history of these Harry Potter characters unravelling and I doubt many fans find it plausible or likeable. It's hard to believe JK Rowling had much creative input on this film, as I don't think she would ever write something like this, even though she co-wrote and produced it. I feel like the second movie was bad so this one was just trying to work with the mess of a story it was left with.This movie is not completely unenjoyable though, If I did not care as much about taking the plot seriously and staying truthful to the Harry Potter universe, i'd have liked it more. Some of it was quite funny and there was some cool editing and cinematography, as well as the casting being pretty good and decent acting.
1 Just when I thought it couldn't get any more insulting than The Crimes of Grindelwald - Yates & Rowling outdid themselves in spectacular fashion.What an atrocious, insulting, messy, inconsistent, awkward jumble of a film.Laughable plotlines, non-sensical world and lore building, convenience is at an all time high - and don't get me started on the clear and present merchandising attempts through washed out fan service.Any Harry Potter fan will agree with me when I say that this cash grab of a series needs to die.Annoyingly - it's SO bad that I can't wait to see what bull they try and get away with in the next one.
9 Most of us who are mindful of the film can agree on one thing, Everything Everywhere All at Once feels like you're walking on an acid trip experience. It's an imaginary film that makes you feel like you had just swallowed a bottle of limitless pills, dopes, drugs or other substances that may similarly affect your consciousness and memories.And this movie deliversssssssssss that! Wow wow wow! Imagine if Dr Strange, Limitless, The Matrix, Click, Rick & Morty, Star Wars, Ratatouille and Manchester By the Sea combined to become a film, Everything Everywhere All at Once is the one! Now you must be wondering, how could Ratatouille and The Matrix complement each other to be in the same movie? 🤣🤣🤣 This question should be THE reason you should go support this film now in cinemas!Produced by A24, an independent film company, I was surprised at how they have pulled this off. Half of the film is located at an office, which is understandable considering A24 produces low or semi-budget films. But it's such a wonder how this movie could be so good with only so few places the movie took place for the first hour. What's even better is EEAAO occurred within closed and overcrowded spaces that may slightly trigger people experiencing ADHD, hypersensitivity and claustrophobia, pushing the film into maximum impact.This film is filled with action-packed sequences that will blow you brains out! It's fun, exhilarating, creative, hilarious and never-been-done-before! Adding up with the out-of-the-world concept and unique storyline, every fighting scene seems appropriately done and even if there's just so many styles and tones of scenes coming out from the screen, fitting is the right word to describe them.EEAAO seems like any other movie at the beginning but when all hell breaks loose, the story becomes increasingly complex as it explains the world revolving around the central character, propelling the plot into motion. Meticulously explained, the narrative manages to be exciting and outrageously wild but reasonable within its own multiverse contexts.Michelle Yeoh, our Malaysian actress 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻, is excellent in this, proving that she's fluid in bringing out the best of her multiple character(s). Complicated as it is, she knew what kind of project she's doing and it just shows how dedicated she is at acting. It's not easy to play her role and it's definitely not easy to create multiple personas interconnected by different universes and dimensions, with separate storylines, all destined to have the same fate. This is an Oscar-worthy performance, and whether or not if Yeoh got nominated lies on the decision if the Oscar recognizes speculative fiction as a genre acceptable to compete with other highly-appraisal films.There were many genuinely laugh-out-loud moments throughout, NOT the one where you're forced to laugh just because everyone is laughing to avoid the awkwardness surrounding the audience in the hall, but the one that it's just funny you're having a truly good time. The script and performance help to amplify the comedic moment but the most special thing is that it's aware of its VFX effects and the team knows how to level up/down the intensity and realness of the CGI. How so? The CGI is very good, but there are times that the CGI is made to be purposely bad, like you're watching a short film by a bunch of ambitious varsity students, and it works! It works because everyone in the theater was laughing, it clicks just right with the moments and scenes you're watching. You'll laugh at how bad it is in a good way!If there's one dislike from this film is that it's gonna be a tough watch for some people. Like mentioned earlier, those with ADHD and hypersensitivity may be triggered with the intensity of this film. Also, the storyline is difficult for some to digest due to its complexity of its universe-building. The film is promoted as being light and fun but...EEAAO is weighty, dark, bizarre and surreal, only those who have what it takes can appropriately understand the building block storytelling.Verdict: Mind-bending and mind-blowing, Everything Everywhere All at Once masters its building block storytelling that feels like an acid trip worth experiencing and that experience... can only be felt once in a lifetime. We're only in March but without a doubt, this is already the best film of the year! Sorry, summer blockbuster movies!
28 March 2022 It's very rare that I give a movie a full score. This is because when I look at my list later, I want full score movies to really mean something. "Everything Everywhere All at Once" was such a masterpiece, being both experimental yet grounded, absurdist yet profound. Everything about this film was amazing. The story. The performances. Even the metatextual casting of Michelle Yeoh is fascinating, since Michelle Yeoh is an actress that really has lived a million lives in her own multiverse. This film absolutely floored me.
10 Everything Everywhere All At Once is even crazier than the trailer would lead one to believe. It's bursting with so many original, weird concepts and ideas that no serious storyteller in their right mind would ever dare to put in their movie. But Daniels did. And it works with spectacularly effective results.These filmmakers choose not only to put every bizarre idea they could think of into their movie, but they ensure that every oddity adds something to the thought-provoking, emotionally resonant themes that pervade the story. So many angles can be explored surrounding this story of emotional connection and the things that distract from it.As Evelyn connects with her alternate selves and alternate relatives, there is both envy of and pity toward them that is explored. It's such a cathartic experience to watch this woman discover what she truly wants from life and loves about her life.All of the beautiful themes and heartwarming character moments are just the tip of the iceberg here, though. This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.The Daniels lean into the absurdity of the world that they have created, always reaching for the most outlandish possibilities and never playing it safe. It makes for some truly outstanding visual gags that will never leave my mind., and it makes for the most unique viewing experience I have ever had in my life.This is a masterpiece of originality. There is not, nor will there ever be, a film quite like this one. And I cannot wait to watch it again and again and again.
9 It was everything everywhere all at once. Sometimes too many things, too many places at once and you can get lost, but it helps to focus on things.Obviously, the amazing Michelle Yeoh is one thing to focus on. The whole reason I myself came to see this flick in the first place. Much as this movie gives you to absorb it was easy to keep my eyes on the beautiful Yeoh.Oh, and the kid from Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom is in this flick. He's older odiously but he still sounds like the kid form The Goonies. How lucky he was he got to play Yeoh's baby daddy in this joint.Last and definitely not least it was good to see James Wong in this film. You could tell they most likely made some filming adjustments to assure the 90 something year old actor can do the role but that's what you do when you have legends do your flick.Speaking of legends, almost forgot about Jamie lee Curtis who seem like she was having fun in her role.The fact that this movie is about a multiverse I low key was expecting a multiverse connection between who Yeoh plays in this movie, and her character in Shang shi. That would have been cool.It's interesting that this like the third movie that came out in March that's about the mommy daughter relationship between Asian women. What's even more interesting is how they go in order. Turning Red is about a 13-year-old and Her mom, Umma is about an 18-year-old and her mom and the girl playing Yeoh's daughter looks like she's possibly in her early 20s. Don't know when this became a hot plot in movies, but I will admit I prefer how the story lays out here (but only because I relate more to an Asian woman in her 20s over a middle schooler)The music in this film is great. The movie was filmed in the context that the story is about a laundromat owner in her mid-life dealing with where she came from and where she's going, but the music actually fits perfectly into the ideal of this woman being the key to saving the multiverse and it made for a lot of the entertainment. Just these big orchestra cues that make it sound like I'm watching Dune contradicting, the image of Yeoh being a worn-out blue-collar mom. Spectacular!I say it's good. It's all over the place and it can be a handle to process, but it has a good cast to concentrate on.
9 Rarely does a movie hit me hard and I go along for the ride. Every moment has a spectacle to it. Even the simplicity of having your taxes done. Often silly, mostly confusing but entirely entertaining. It was great to see Short Round back on the big screen with a very glamoured down Michelle Yeoh as a married couple on the brink of fracturing a family unit.The story is of, Evelyn, a woman who has never really committed to much in life. She has many interest but many where she isn't fully invested in. In this case, her family lives above the laundromat that is failing. They are being audited, but yet she has big dreams to expand her enterprise. Her husband (the fore mentioned Ke Huy Quan) Waymond, is a kindly follower and believer of his wife who seems to focus more on the bad than the good. Pessimist, if we are to be formal. It is the Chinese New Year, and many people are invited to celebrate with this family, including a Grand-Father who is labeled as a man set in his ways and wouldn't understand the same-sex relationship of his grandaughter Joy (Stephanie Hsu). What follows is a grand adventure, first at the IRS building (of all places) and eventually to distant alternate universes to which shows her the way her life may have gone had certain things didn't take place. I absolutely loved the fact that Jamie Lee Curtis plays the uptight auditor, who seems perfectly fine in the core universe to which all revolve around. Evelyn, on the other hand, taps into her other universes to gather the skills needed to fight a fracture in the timelines that sneak into her mundane life.Yes, there is a message here. And...to be honest, it nearly derails the film itself. But it was required to tie in the meaning of everything that is going on. That we are made of experiences of every universe that exists out there (if you believe in metaphysics) and that they road you didn't take, through gained experiences, with some that even was more enticing then the present one, means we would never have known our other lives. Children wouldn't be born, love would be lost, relationships move on. It is the grand question of whether or not if we got a glimpse of that road we didn't take, would it all mean anything. In this case, I say it almost derails because the universes effect one another. And in this story, it even bridges them. Which to some, may feel like a cheat. However, the fact that I even ask this question makes it a vastly interesting story. That is for you to decide.The movie is exciting, vibrant, energetic and feels absolutely unique. It allows the viewer to slowly tie the ends together, and perhaps sometimes gets too far ahead. But doesn't let you lose yourself too much. What it isn't is boring. It is captivating and fresh. And, look, who can hate a scene of people being beaten with rubber phalluses?That said, it is one of the most interesting movies of 2022 and hopefully stays in the minds of awards in the future. Because it deserves a bigger audience. These are the types of fun, philosophical questions buoyed by comedy that we need.I go back to Ke Huy Quan. This guy can do funny and also bring a tug to your heart so easily. It's so hard to imagine him as the little boy from "Indiana Jones And The Temple Of Doom" because, here he shows so much range. His natural charm is shown through his love for Evelyn. He seems to be suffering through a fracture himself. He plays many roles here as well. Because, in many universes in life, the theory here may be that we will run into people we are meant to run into regardless of choices. That's a very romanticized view on the universe.Kudos to The Daniels for their talent and joy of cinema. It would not surprise me if they helm a larger film in the future. Perhaps they can re-vamp a comic book franchise into something much more unique.Thank you for this movie.
10 Apparently the IMDb plot synopsis before this movie's trailer came out was "a woman tries to do her taxes," and really, the plot's so creative and goes to so many unpredictable places that I don't think you should know much more than that going in. It is about a woman doing her taxes, technically, but branches off in a variety of ways that make this an action/adventure/absurdist comedy/fantasy/science-fiction/family drama all in one.All the tones and all the genres are balanced perfectly. It's masterfully written and overflowing with creativity. The editing is unbelievable and all the elements work together so well. It has some of the funniest and silliest scenes I've seen in ages that mesh perfectly well with some genuinely touching dramatic moments, and it has characters you really come to care for.The action delivers, too, and there's just the right amount of it. I love how thrillingly strange the film is for a while, then you begin to make sense of it, and then it just keeps expertly piling more and more layers on, and does so over a fast-paced 139 minutes in a way where it never actually falls apart. Also: it has some of the best film references/parodies I've ever seen, for sure.All the acting is fantastic, too, and everyone understood the insane vision the directors were trying to achieve, and played their parts perfectly. Michelle Yeoh is maybe the best she's ever been here, and Stephanie Hsu, Ke Huy Quan, and Jamie Lee Curtis are all great too.Maybe original ideas are becoming harder and harder to come by, but for as long as movies like Everything Everywhere All At Once are coming out, the medium of film will never be truly artistically bankrupt. There have been movies that have tackled some of the ideas here before, but never in a way that's this creative, this funny, and this exciting, and the way it takes its outlandish premise and ties it to real life + real world + relatable emotions is so incredibly clever.I haven't seen every movie of the 2020s of course, but as of writing this, this is my favourite movie of the 2020s so far. I hope it performs extremely well at the box office and gets awards recognition, because it deserves it.Believe the hype.Go in knowing as little as possible.See this movie.
9 Michelle Yeoh headlines this head trip into the multi-verse. The first part is slow going as this reality is not suggested in the previews and thus somewhat lulls the audience into expecting something different. But what makes this movie really work is its underlying storyline even as reading subtitles and trying to understand what is going on during the first half of the movie takes a bit of mental endurance. Allowing for that though, this movie bursts at the seams in being everything all at once, sequentially that is, in two-dimensions trying to project a four-dimensional reality and a multitude of parallel universes that all include Michelle Yeoh in some form or fashion. This movie definitely breaks through to a new level of sci fi visual delight and sophistication along with a strong storyline. Like Inception (2010), this is a breakthrough movie setting a higher bar of sci fi movies in the future.
9 This might be the most accurately titled film I have ever seen. Afterwards, my wife asked me what it reminded me of. I was stumped. What genre was it? Hard to say. This is a movie that morphs from immigrant drama to sci fi to Kung Fu to comedy to existential art flick and back again. Then it does that loop again, faster and faster and faster, without ever losing the audience. I saw it in a packed theater, everyone laughing and crying and caring. Perhaps most amazingly, this was a pretty simple and effective relationship story through it all. I don't know if I would rather watch it again right now or watch a documentary about how the film took shape. Either way, I'm glad it exists. I lamented multiverse stories after the last MCU film, and I guess I have to take that back now. It is possible to tell wildly imaginative genre bending multiverse stories. You just don't need superheroes to do it (unless you count the Daniels).
10 If you get weirded out just stay through til the end. It's worth it I promise. Thanks everyone who helped this movie be made. In a time when there's so many remakes and more of the same this is a wonderful original movie. Enjoy it.
10 This might seem like a weird thing to start off with but, the editing in this movie was really well done. For a movie like this, the editing needs to be clean in order to properly follow the story and the editing team succeeded in this task. The use of parallel editing in this movie was cleverly done and worked flawlessly with the story especially when a match cut was also used. The story for this movie as well is a unique one that makes you think one thing but then becomes something else. The main story for this movie just seems like any other action/sci-fi movie with there being a chosen one who's the only one that can save the universe but underneath that is a deeper story. The deeper story is really what hooks the audience for this wild and wacky ride of a movie as it's one everybody can relate to. What I really liked about this story though was how it easily mashed everything together from the comedy to the more serious moments and the action scenes. Another thing about the writing for this movie is how something will be mentioned and just seem like a throwaway thing but then come back in some way. This is a testament to the writers and directors of this movie Dan Kwan and Daniel Scheinert. This movie is a weird and wacky ride and the directing duo understood that and dived headfirst into it which is what makes this movie a unique and memorable one. What also helps in that department is the acting in this movie and man did everybody deliver for this movie. Everybody in this movie had to juggle between being serious and comedic and nailed it. Michelle Yeoh was the stand-out performance for me and I just want to know how she was able to stay in character during some of the scenes in this movie. The final thing I want to talk about with this movie is the lighting in this movie and how well it was used. The lighting in this movie, along with the screen ratio, helps the audience figure out which universe it is. In the end, Everything Everywhere All at Once is a wild and wacky ride that has a meaningful message along with it that you need to see.
8 Greetings again from the darkness. It's bonkers, I tell ya'! Co-writers and co-directors Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert, known collectively (by their choice) as "Daniels", follow up their 'farting corpse movie' SWISS ARMY MAN (2016) with one that is somehow more bizarre, more audacious, and more fun. It's one of the most innovative films I've seen in a while, and although I can point out influences, I've yet to come up with a movie comparison that seems just or fair.Every small business owner can relate to the stress Evelyn Wang (Michelle Yeoh) is under as she attempts to organize her documents in preparation for an IRS audit of the laundromat she owns with her husband Waymond Wang (Ke Huy Quan). As if that's not enough, her father is scheduled to arrive the same day. She knows Gong Gong (James Hong) is disappointed in his daughter for the husband and life she chose. And while being crushed with those two events, Evelyn's strained relationship with her daughter Joy (Stephanie Hsu) continues to fracture as Evelyn wants to keep Joy's girlfriend status with Becky (Tallie Medel) a secret from dear old conservative dad/grandfather.That's just about the end of the "normal" part of the story, other than Waymond has had divorce papers prepared, not for the purpose of ending the marriage, but with the hope that the threat might force Evelyn to have a real conversation with him about their relationship. Things start to get weird even before they head to the IRS meeting with an agent played with gusto by Jamie Lee Curtis, but while there, we get our first real taste of the fantastical trip we (and Evelyn) are about to take. Of course, I can't really offer any description of the action that occurs, but nothing is spoiled if I tell you that some characters cross multiple dimensions and universes in an attempt to 'save the world'. While doing this, they mix in some acrobatic martial arts that would make Jackie Chan envious.It's the rare film where the frenetic pace of dialogue keeps pace with breakneck action sequences. A fanny pack, trophies with an unfortunate shape, and blue-tooth type devices all play unusual roles here, and this film challenges everyone from the actors to the directors to the editors to the fight coordinators. You'll likely recognize Evelyn's husband as the grown-up version of the child actor who played Short Round in INDIANA JONES AND THE TEMPLE OF DOOM (1984), and daughter Joy is portrayed by Stephanie Hsu (a contributor to "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel"), who gets to cover just about the widest range of character we've likely ever seen on screen. The estimable James Hong is a riot as Gong Gong. Mr. Hong is now 93 years old with an incredible canon of 450 credits in his 8 decades of work. His presence is quite crucial to the film. It should also be noted that, as we would expect, Jenny Slate shines in her brief role as "Big Nose", a regular customer at the laundromat.As terrific as the cast is, this is really a chance for Michelle Yeoh to bring her full arsenal to the role of Evelyn. She's angry, frustrated, scared, courageous, and even adds her comic timing. Ms. Yeoh flashes her CROUCHING TIGER, HIDDEN DRAGON fighting skills, while also brining a regal presence to a film that requires a strong core. It's no mystery that family and love can solve many of the world's issues, and Daniels have delivered a wild ride that defies simple description. It's a long one at 139 minutes, but you'll thank me later for not saying much more than ... it's bonkers!Opens in select markets on March 25 and April 1, 2022 and nationwide on April 8, 2022.
9 If you take drugs for the first time and imagined Jackie Chan was a female Dr. Strange in another universe this would be it. And the synopsis is basically an Asian woman trying to do her taxes. I thought the third act of the movie felt a little stretched out but otherwise I think it's the best movie I've seen all year because I haven't laughed this much in any recent one. From the short time I spent in China, it's also an accurate and hilarious view of Chinese parents 'cause they really do be like that. I can't recommend it enough, it's so chaotic and in the middle of all that managed to be heartfelt too. I thought it was gonna be a Dr Strange wannabe but it's unique on it's own and I'm glad it was released earlier so that people don't compare them. It was just four people (strangers) in the cinema, we were laughing our asses off and it made me sad because everyone deserves to see this. At a time when remakes and reboots are common place it's nice to have something like this, a breath of fresh air.
10 Leaving the movie theatre, I can barely comprehend the thoughts swirling around in my head right now. From the intriguing trailer, you wouldn't even begin to fathom the existential depths this movie submerges you under. Only to bring you back to the surface gasping for air just when things are at their bleakest. The directorial choices are the sign of geniuses at work, the acting and cinematography and editing really show that mastery plus effort leaves the roof smashed off the place Everything Everywhere All At Once is perfection in all these regards.You know it's special when you leave the movie feeling like it was made just for you. Daniels accomplished just that with this work of art coming to me right exactly when I needed it. The themes of family, fulfillment, love, and everything in between hit resoundingly close to home. I'm so glad I got to experience this even if it doesn't win any Oscars which it absolutely ought to. If critics don't carry this little picture on all their best of lists I don't know what to do. The picture itself, Michelle Yeoh in Actress, Stephanie Hsu in Supporting Actress, Ke Huy Quan in Supporting Actor, Original Screenplay, Directing, Editing, Costumes, Visual Effects, Score., Sound, Academy please consider Everything Everywhere All At Once. I know it's a challenge given the absurdity of some of the plot beats of the film but when you boil it down it's a very heartwarming and affecting piece of cinema.
10 Non stop action and laughs the whole way through. Everything Everywhere All At Once is the movie that you need to see if you want a great cinematic experience. In my opinion I think this is as good possible better than No Way Home. I loved the acting in this as well.The way that the directors filmed this movie was also genius. The whole concept of the film was brilliant. Jamie Lee Curtis was also phenomenal as always. This film was just absolutely stunning to watch and to look at. Easily one of the best films of the year so far.
10 I dont often give a film 10 stars, but this was superb. It was an intense and bizarre ride, with the strange concepts stretching so far out there at times, it was as though they made more sense. It was visually stunning, the costumes were epic, and the balance of humor and emotion was perfect. LOVED IT. No one else was meant for this role other than Michelle Yeoh. She brought the lead to life in the most beautiful, meaningful, perfect way. This whole movie was mind blowing.
10 This is a movie you must experience for yourself to fully grasp exactly what it is. I absolutely loved it, and yet I find myself unable to write a coherent review... because the movie is absolutely crazy, as well as being cinematic perfection. It's one of the greatest films I have ever seen, or rather, experienced! Instead of writing a full review, I feel this movie is best described in points, because I don't want to say too much about anything, I just want this to convince anyone reading this to go out and see it as soon as they can (in theatres with an audience)! It's the most original and creative piece of filmmaking I have witnessed in probably the last 5 years, I just can't believe what the directorial duo Daniels was able to pull off here! So without further ado, here are my thoughts on "Everything Everywhere All At Once":* The film is flawless and true cinematic perfection in my eyes!* An assault on the senses; the visuals and sound design are insane!* Extremely impressive from a technical standpoint.* Editing is a huge standout and was incredibly done, the edit alone took us on a ride! They used match cuts so creatively too!* Cinematography was stunning, I especially loved the creative use of lighting!* Sound design was absolutely crazy, it had so much going on and complimented the visuals perfectly!* Every genre of film in one!* I've never seen anything like it, it's ambitious, crazy, bonkers, insane, creative, hilariously funny, heartfelt, clever, wild, awesome, the best, odd, wacky, touching, chaotic but in a well-written way, stylized, brilliant, and most of all, masterful!* None of this movie should work, and yet due to the Daniels' excellent and clever direction, it somehow does (and yet I still don't know how they were able to pull it off)
* There is no way Multiverse of Madness will be half as crazy as this movie, this is the best multiverse film we will probably ever see
* The writing so cleverly establishes the multiverse rules and keeps it flowing in a way that allows you to feel like you understand what's going on despite how complex it gets. It perfectly guides you through the story without spoon-feeding it to you, making sure the chaotic multiverse makes sense.* Also loved the thematic exploration in the story, and that they didn't let the novelty and entertainment value of the multiverse stuff take away from the story, it just complemented it instead. It's some genius writing, especially when heading into the second half of the film where the emotional/thematic core really starts to open up and shine!* Action is phenomenal and intense. It's some of the best I've seen in the last few years, it's so wild! It's very stylized and impressive, the Daniels know how to direct action so well. They get great coverage that shows off the choreography and every hit, and perfect timing for cuts.* The film is so funny, has some witty dialogue, insane gags that I never saw coming, and some hilarious comedic payoffs - one of the funniest movies I've seen in a while, it had both me and the audience howling with laughter!* Michelle Yeoh's performance is astonishing! She's just awesome as the lead; she's so badass in her action scenes, so funny, and yet still gives such an emotional, heartfelt performance
* I also loved Ke Quan as her husband, he was so loveable and had some of the funniest moments. So great to see him acting again, have really missed him since his days in "Indiana Jones" and "The Goonies".* Stephanie Hsu was phenomenal as the daughter, and a huge part of why the 2nd half of the film works as well as it does!* Jamie Lee Curtis had me laughing so hard, she was hilarious here, I've never seen her do anything like this!This film does things you would never expect to see, and I loved it for that! I was enamoured by this film, it's truly a glorious piece of filmmaking. It's one of the coolest films of the last decade and I cannot stop thinking about it. I really want to see it again too, it's so much to take in on first viewing! Daniels truly knocked it out of the park on all levels; as a comedy, action film, familial drama, sci-fi film, something that's thought provoking and emotionally potent, technically impressive and so imaginative. It's just a masterpiece; cinematic perfection. It left me with a feeling of pure joy, I really hope everyone gets a chance to experience this film. You have to see it in a theatre with an audience... it's an insane experience! I just loved it, highly recommend! The film's title really says it all; it's "Everything Everywhere All At Once"!
10 An instant classic, on par with the first Matrix film, EEAAO is a genre-bending masterpiece, equally parts funny, intense and emotional.The basic plot follows Evelyn, a middle aged Chinese woman who develops the ability to share the skills and memories of alternate versions of herself across the multiverse in order to save it.It is FAR deeper than that, and I wish I could go all spoilers, but I saw it early so I'll say this much, it is far more accessible than Swiss Army Man (which is still a great movie in my eyes) and I think many people will find much value in this film.I will say that the audience I watched the movie with was the most excited and active audience I've watched a movie with since Spider-Man No Way Home. A completely original film with no nostalgia bait, getting several cheers, laughs and applauses. Not to mention the few times I got close to crying.10/10 a must see.
9 Everything Everywhere All at Once is stunning. It's a corky spectacle, but remains deeply vulnerable. The narrative follows Evelyn, whose business and personal relationships are failing. Plus, Evelyn is unexpectedly tasked with saving the entire multiverse as her personal life bursts. This story might sound familiar, but it develops into an unparalleled blend of comedy, action, adventure, and drama. Each role is compelling, the conflict is relatable, the arcs are earned, and the plot devices are utilized to their fullest. Furthermore, the entire cast displays a wide range of skills: switching characters, blending tones, and striking beats in a symphony of emotions.Meanwhile, Everything Everywhere All at Once is masterfully crafted. Motion, lighting, colors, framing, and focus make every shot engaging and meaningful. The sound symbolically conveys psychology through silence, volume, and echoes. The multifaceted effects contribute to the ambitious atmosphere. Similarly, the production design is boundless, yet united by a lighthearted vision. Lastly, the editing is a powerhouse, jumping between several timelines, yet synergizing perfectly. Overall, Everything Everywhere All at Once is marvelous because it fuses so much into a cohesive experience. In other hands, it would be a mess, but Everything Everywhere All at Once works beautifully.Writing: 9/10
Direction: 10/10
Cinematography: 10/10
Acting: 9/10
Editing: 10/10
Sound: 10/10
Score/Soundtrack: 8/10
Production Design: 10/10
Casting: 7/10
Effects: 10/10Overall Score: 9.3/10.
10 Just because of how it made me feel. I'm not going to belittle it by trying to encapsulate it here. Such a great movie for so many reasons. Just go see it. Get ready to be intrigued, laugh until you can't laugh anymore, cry because of the beauty of it all, and then question existence on a cosmic level. Just get ready!
8 Michelle Yeoh owns a failing laundromat with her nebbishy husband Ke Huy Quan, who has just served her with divorce papers. They are being audited by IRS agent Jamie Lee Curtis. Her father, James Hong, threw her out when she married, and is now her wheelchair-bound dependent. Her daughter, Stephanie Hsu, has a girlfriend, which she cannot explain to her father. Then, during a terrible session with Miss Curtis, Quan takes off his glasses and in an authoritative voice tells her that only she can save the multiverse; from this reality defined by all the bad choices ever made, she must tap the abilities of the versions of herself who are more successful than she is; this means every one of them. She is the worst version of herself. Naturally, she is confused, particularly when she discovers that the ultimate evil that threatens all realities is her daughter.It certainly gives Miss Yeoh a chance to stretch her acting muscles and the editing is wonderful. This sort of story is an enjoyable "wheels of time" story, and tackles the nihilism at the heart of the subgenre: if every decision you make was decided differently in another universe, what difference does it make?My cousin enjoyed most of it but thought the ending sentimental. I thought the sentimental ending was appropriate. What a pity the industry hasn't made better use of Miss Yeoh!
10 An Asian woman in a middle age crisis suddenly is informed that there is a MULTIVERSE and she is the only who can save from total distraction.From there; everything is absolute madness, violence and many humorous situations for a trip of almost two and half hour.No, is not SPIDERMAN and even the SCI-FI suddenly becomes more of a metaphor. It is never boring (perhaps a little too long) but everything that happens becomes absolutely logic by the end.Michelle Yeoh is excellent and I hope she at least get a nomination. Jamie Lee Curtis also very good as always. The rest of the cast is on the same level.It is not worth to explain more; but you have to see it to believe it.
10 2022 is not even halfway over, but I saw Everything, Everywhere last night, and I simply cannot imagine it not being the best film of 2022.To say I was stunned is an understatement. I am 37 years old and have been a movie buff since I was a child. Movies are my passion - classic cinema, international cinema, domestic cinema. I see at least 30+ movies in theaters every year from all counties and compile a top 10 list of my favorite films.I can count on both hands the number of times I have sat in a movie theater slackjawed and stunned, unable to move as credits rolled on a film. I can count on one hand the number of times this has occurred to not only me but the audience with whom I've watched a movie. I have also only seen a few movies where the audience erupted in applause during the credits - rapturous, earnest, sustained cheering.Last night's screening of Everything, Everywhere falls into the latter category. As credits rolled, no one moved in a sold-out IMAX theater. We all sat and stared at the screen in awe before eventually cheering and clapping.This is a special movie, a miracle of a film, the type of lightning-in-a-bottle motion picture that comes along once in a blue moon to blow your mind and annihilate your heart with its boundless, bursting soul, energy, spirit, and creativity.In all my movie-watching years, I have never seen anything like it. The closest comparison I can muster is Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. There are many similarities between both films' unhinged, creative expression as well as their ultimate message of persistence and living life in spite of seemingly insurmountable odds and the inevitably that all things, both good and bad, will eventually come to a crashing end when the curtains on our lives close.Michelle Yeoh is remarkable and delivers a knockout performance that will surely garner plenty of awards attention. It's hard to imagine many actresses who could have so effortlessly kept step with such a demanding role, but she coasts through drama, comedy, action, and sci-fi with a verve and energy that left me breathless. It's the fiercest performance I've seen from one of the best actresses of our time and one of the best performances I've seen in years.As for the movie itself, really the less you know going in, the better. I saw the trailer two or three times prior to watching the film, and it did little to spoil the experience. I really do recommend going in blind, though.I don't rate many movies a 10/10. I also rarely leave theaters feeling the way I felt last night: dizzy on the possibilities of cinema and lost in thought over all I had just experienced. Even as I write this, I cannot wait to see the movie again with new people so they can experience just how special this is.Everything, Everywhere dazzles with its creative vision, but it marries the bizarre and magical with the mundane and the ordinary to make a statement about human potential and how often we let our daydreams - what could have been, should have been, will or won't be - roadblock who we are. The movie obliterates the veil of ordinary to reveal the extraordinary, but it never loses itself within its relentless, wacky, metaphysical vision.Quite the contrary, really. When the dust settles by the end of the film, you feel like you have been taken somewhere new - to a place only the best films can take us - and are reminded that even though we might not matter in the grand scheme of the universe, there are kind things we can do - to one another and ourselves - to make the pain and joy of being human mean...something.And at the end of the day, maybe that's everything.
10 As a fan of A24, I knew nothing about this film & I'm happy that I didn't because this film was insane. Everything Everywhere All at Once (2022) is a must-watch for A24 fans.
9 What makes this film exciting is not its premise, but its execution. Each scene demonstrates the creativity and silliness of the filmmakers, as well as the talent of the actors to pull off such caricatures. The cherry on top is the beautiful message of the film; it somehow grabs you and doesn't let go.
9 Wow, what a movie. Being able to be so wacky yet so profound is difficult, but this movie is able to to do it all at once(no pun intended)! The main characters exploration of her relationships with her father, husband, and especially her daughter ground the movie, but it's willingness to turn the mundane what if scenarios that we make up in our heads into plot points is truly something special. While it drags on just a tad near the end, this movie is a must watch, and expect it to get some Oscar nods this coming year.
4 They tried, yes, they did, but what's most annoying about this movie is the below average acting performances. French and Dawn's appearance (not funny) dont make things any better. There are lots of silly accents and lots of scenes with over acting. Annoying.More bad:the utter tediousness of this story. It lasts a whopping 2 hours and a bit and this story only starts going after an entire hour. And even then it's quite tedious to watch.No humor. (not my kind) No suspense. Really none at all. What's left? An average detective, really below average...The story: lots of folks travel on a cruiseboat. Someone dies. Who did it?
4 Hercule Piorot is holidaying in Egypt when he is invited aboard a cruise down the Nile. The host is the extremely wealthy, recently married, heiress Linnet Ridgeway. The journey is soured by the appearance of Jacqueline de Bellefort, the ex-flame of Ridgeway's husband. Ridgeway stole him away from her and she seems intent on extracting some sort of retribution. When Ridgeway is murdered suspicion naturally falls on de Bellefort but she has a cast iron alibi.I should have known better than to watch this having watched Kenneth Branagh's adaptation of Murder on the Orient Express. Everything about it seemed flat and listless: paint-by-numbers adaptation, minimal intrigue (especially for a murder-drama), subdued, uninspired performances (despite an all-star cast), mindless action scenes.Where Branagh did dial things up was on the cinematography and effects but even there it falls flat: all the effects just make everything seem fake. You can tell it's being filmed in a studio in front of green screen rather than out in the snow with a real train.Having watched the excellent 1974 version it was a definite sub-standard effort. It felt like the classic Christie tale had been dumbed-down for modern audiences and substance sacrificed for style.Murder on the Nile is largely more of the same: weak, dumbed-down adaptation, listless performances, style over substance. The graphics and cinematography at least feel less fake here and are in fact the only positive as they do provide a richness of colour and a vibrance to proceedings.The screenplay is cringy at times with all the unnecessary add-ons to the novel to accommodate modern viewers. Performances are shrill and irritating. Casting is off: so many dud choices. I assume Branagh only wanted French and Saunders in the film because he's a fan of them as a comedy duo, not because they were ideal for their roles (as they're not).Similar to how I ended my review of Murder on the Orient Express, watch the excellent 1978 Peter Ustinov version instead. Or watch the relevant episode in the brilliant David Suchet Poirot series. With those already in existence I don't know why this film was made.
4 Alone the first scene is a fine example that many of today's movie producers, writers and directors too many times don't understand much about what they write about or produce (or they just don't care - I don't know what's worse): take the first scene, the attack in the war of the trenches. The French use gas to hide themselves and instead of putting on their gas masks (well, gas is dangerous, isn' it?) and taking preparation for an attack (the use of gas almost always indicated an immediate attack), the Germans just say, hey, I can't see a thing, just lets stare around a little bit more or just keep on eating your soup. Next scene, we get some Blues tunes that are fine but, well, the movie plays in 1937, but the first electrical guitar ever build was a Rickenbacker in 1936, and the Blues style played belongs to the 40s and 50s... I just give you that two little examples to illustrate why the whole movie just feels wrong and even dumb sometimes - the characters of course behave and talk also out of time and place. Anyway, watchable, if you like the starred actors but compared to the movie of 1978, this one looks weak.
2 Please, please no more remakes of what were once great movies. Kenneth Branagh has gone from bad to worse with this. Everything is so false about it, the cgi so bad. Acting is terrible, as is cast. Why do people want to make remakes of movies which were truly the best.
4 By comparison, this is multiple levels below recent mainstream mysteries Knives Out and Murder on the Orient Express. The mystery has some intrigue but not much. The pacing is off and it takes a while (over an hour) before the mystery actually begins. I'm not a fan of the tone or the music. The actors are frequently over-the-top, sometimes reaching cartoonish territory.Overall, this movie is not put together very well. And I found it only mildly entertaining when I wasn't bored. (1 viewing, 2/14/2022)
2 I suppose you could say this is a fake film for fake times.It looked surreal because it was surreal.Yes, it looked spectacular and lavish, but it was just not real.Just about everything was created on a computer, no trip to Egypt required.The day will come when CGI is so good there will be no need for actors and actresses. It will all be created by software.Rather than follow an established story with the same characters the need to force feed the viewer with PC wokery had to be catered for first.So we had, characters left out, characters introduced, names changed, genders changed, nationalities changed, ethnicity changed, same sex relationship introduced ... what a mess.Ironically, the outing of same sex relationship by Poirot in the reveal was callous and cruel. It played no part in the plot at all, in fact the portrayal of Poirot was way off the mark.Sophie Okonedo was the best thing in it, she was superb and disappointing that she was wasted in this poor adaptation.Both the TV drama (2004) and the 1978 film were better than this attempt, both being shot on location with actual REAL locations.Watch the 1978 film, it is much better and follows the original plot far more closely.
27 March 2022 I don't always agree with the professional critics, but I have to say that I do agree this adaption, is, without a doubt, the most turgid and poorly executed Christie adaption that there has been.There is over an hour of the film before the mystery even begins and that interminable hour consists of exposition that leave the characters as two dimensional as when it started. And half of the characters seem shoveled in with no purpose whatsoever. E.g. Sophie Okonedo. She is a great actress. Perhaps the best in this cast. I strongly recommend people see her Hollow Crown and Hotel Rwanda. But her character (or that of the character's niece) in Death on the Nile is what? Serves what plot purpose? (Answer: none)The actual "solving" of the mystery has to be the most predictable Christie adaption ever. It is a outright "Cui bono?" It makes it clear this is written for very low brow audience.
5 First off, great cast and amazing acting, the leads had chemistry and the emotions felt authentic. However, the score and cinematography were mediocre borderline poor. It was painfully obvious that every set was green screen. The score left too many dead moments. Also, what was with that very weird Gadot as Cleopatra moment?!
4 2 out of 5 stars.Death on the Nile is a boring mystery film that does not improve from its previous film. And the sequel is no better. Besides putting the film in a beautiful set piece on a boat and beautiful visual effects of the Nile river and Egypt setting.The film does have a promising cast ensemble. Kenneth Branagh does great with the role. The newcomers like Annette Being, Russell Brand, Gal Gadot, Armie Hammer, Letitia Wright and many others are all talented.The script drags the story. The direction is slow and boring. Every clue is revealed slowly, and when the twist is revealed. It is no surprise or giving you that thrill. I found the film to be boring and slow. The story is decent. The direction and script could have been so much better for a whodunit kind of film.
2 Terrible acting in this 2 hour play.Someone said it's an expensive movie. It really doesn't feel expensive at all. Almost like it's was recorded in the same studio they make children's shows.
1 The opening scene tells all you need to know. Twerking dance in 1936!!! That is a sure sign of desperation which is obvious in the rest of the movie. No authenticity, horrible acting, atrocious directing. Full of horrible CGI scenery that a 10 year old can tell its fake.Save yourself money and time and watch the 1978 version with Peter Ustinov as Poirot. Or better yet see TV series played by David Suchet. Both are 100 times better and sensible that this absolute garbage of movie.
1 Kenneth Branagh has a lot to answer for - not the least of which is his hubris in thinking he can improve on the brilliant Agatha Christie stories and previous screen adaptations of some of her favorite novels. Worse, Branagh changes the fundamental traits and personalty of Christie's Hercule Poirot. Where the hell does he get off? Then, he tries to compensate with overproduced, overblown "movie magic" which may impress some but not true Chritie afficionados. This is a continuation of the same tricks he tried to pull with his shameful "Murder on the Orient Express." He should be ashamed. I think the next item on his assasination list is "Evil Under the Sun." Please, God, no!
4 Look, I really do think that Branagh is a compelling, entertainment-focused filmmaker and performer. He's usually fully committed, lively, and even somewhat imaginative. But when the material isn't good, those traits are nearly impossible to see behind his seeming obliviousness to the mediocrity on display. With Orient Express, the whodunnit plotting and characters are engaging; not so much here.
2 I hope Agatha Christie is haunting the director, editors, and writers from beyond, for besmirching her good name. I don't blame the actors, but the first half of this way too long movie was awful. In one scene, a character info-dumped the backstories of every other character and described why they would be a suspect in a future murder that hadn't even happened yet, which was some of the worst show-don't-tell and infodump writing I've ever witnessed. The glitz and glam is gratuitous and detracts from the story at times... every frame seemed hyper-photoshopped, to the point of looking cartoonish. I don't know whether the pandemic or political tensions prohibited them from using a drone for aerial footage of Egypt, or if stock footage wasn't available, but the CGI landscapes were painfully noticeable. Dialog consisted almost entirely of pithy one-liners, and no real conversations between characters were there to help develop characters, their relationships, or the story. There were a lot of characters, and I felt connected to none of them.The second half of the movie improved a bit, but suffered from Poirot seemingly magically knowing information that hadn't been revealed to the viewers. If you show it to us and we don't catch on until Poirot explains it, that's on us and is part of the thrill. If you don't show it, or show it only in retrospect, then I fault the movie makers for making the movie seem far-fetched and for me losing interest.
2 Murder on the Orient Express it was not .That was an enjoyable movie, not great, but entertaining and well written and excecuted . And of course an excellent cast .This debacle was none of that ; a disjointed screenplay, a cast not worth remembering - an adaption of the novel you certainly do not want to remember .Cringy , forced stereotypical dialogue and characters , poor camera work, editing, and cheap green screen recording for most of the film .To add insult to injury, a diversity cast was forced into the movie, in such a hamfisted fashion, and with such unlikable characters , that ironically it will most likely have the opposite of the desired effect .Avoid - it's boring at best, annoying in many places .
3 I have few words to say, 2hrs is a long time in this world that we live in and to do this to your audience is very cold. I need an apology, and my time back but i won't get it, would I? Well at least it had some beautiful cast. Before I forget, the liberties taken for movie from the source material didn't work. What were Sophie and Wright's characters doing there?
4 If one were to compare the 2022 version with the 1978 evergreen classic of the same name then this latest one is an extreme and massive disappointment with terrible acting by everyone in the film including KB.However if one were to judge on its own then at best it's a below average movie with absolutely nothing praiseworthy at all.4/10.
1 When will Hollywood learn? Stop and compare how often changing an iconic character works versus how often it ends in massive, colossal failure. If you want a different character, then feel free to create one. There are so many things I could criticize, but I probably could have overlooked most of them and given a decent rating. What I can't excuse is creating an idiotic back story for Poirot's mustache and then having him shave it off at the end. NO NO NO!!!! Not in any alternate universe would anything short of life and death convince Hercule Poirot to shave his mustache. While the term canon is often overused to refer to a fan's favorite version of a character, it does exist. And Poirot being a "dandy" (that means prissy, not gay) who's obsessively proud of his mustache definitely qualifies as canon. It is reiterated in every single Poirot story. And adding insult ti injury, it's for a woman who never existed in the books when every Poirot fan knows his only love ever depicted is the countess Vera Rossakoff. These stories were written by the brilliant Agatha Christie, who is one of the best selling authors of all time. Nearly a century after Poirot first appeared people are still reading his stories. They don't need to be improved upon. And even if they did, this wasn't it. This was a travesty. I may never watch another Kenneth Brannague film. I most certainly won't watch any future Poirot films he makes. This was an insult to the character, the author, and the tried and true Christie fans.
4 From the opening shot of a CGI crow swooping through a World War One trench it is obvious this film detaches from reality and plays out like a comic book.The Egypt depicted in this film is a deserted sterile place: everything is CGI and there are hardly any extras.This is shot in a distractingly arty fashion with characters viewed from behind windows, railing or ceiling fans.There are some really gaudy, atmosphere-breaking scenes: like when a body is carried out on the shoulders of identically and immaculately dressed female crew members with the gravitas of a state funeral - but with an audience of ten.Characters are shot at extreme close up or from miles away - rarely anything in between.The script is slow and stogie, most characters just roll out monologues, sometimes whilst looking at another cast member, but rarely interacting.I am a big Christie fan and I like many of the adaptations (including the last Orient Express) but this was really dull and boring.The characters felt very flat, only existing to relay their one defining characteristic before fading into the background.This feels very much like watching someone playing a computer game, the player going from one task to the next, each character encountered programmed with the bare minimal of personality to progress the level.
1 Everybody's over acting like they were amateurs in a fifth grade school play. The actors running around in fancy clothes in front of green screens and cgi. The dialogue are uninspired, not realistic and not taken from the book. The characters are woke and thin as card board. I found it all to be boring and uninteresting.
3 Holy smokes, the production is very bad on this one, tbh the amount of green screen scenes probably surpasses the number used in The Black Panther, and that's something!Sometimes it's so bad it doesn't even look like a film made in this century. The fake blurry background in quite honestly all scenes that take place outside is really distracting and just looks awful.Cheap production, low-grade acting. Story/writing average at best.Overall pretty bad.
3 After all the delays (this was scheduled for December 2019, even before the pandemic!), the Armie Hammer scandal and after all this time I almost forgot Poirot was to return. But once I finally saw this movie, I felt nothing. It's directed with a classy style but with too much of CGI and modern visuals and that mix is jarring. The performances are not that good to me (Benning may be my favourite, just her) and the storyline has a few moments and a watchable resolution but the pacing drags a lot on its first hour to me. I wanted it to be better or as decent as 'Orient Express', but clearly it was not. I yet recommend everyone to see the movie and judge by themselves. It's just I felt nothing watching it and that's a shame (after all the waiting) and a sadly steady pattern very much present in mainstream nowadays.
1 Boring and pretentious interpretation of a great story.Death on the Nile is just another in a series of unnecessary productions that just shows that today's film industry has neither the quality nor the desire to make a good film that will intrigue the viewer and keep him in suspense.With a few solid actors and a few catastrophically bad ones, this film can't offer much. The script is bad, the dialogues are forced, and the actors seem to be bored.I didn't last until the end of the film, because it was simply boring and pretentious. Every movie looks the same, even those set in the past.Writers cannot refrain from destroying the classics. The film looks artificial, with visible CGI, the practical effects still look better. Everything seems forced and shallow, but that's how most movies look today.The script is bad, with hilarious dialogues and forced situations. I was expecting at least great set design, but even that looks too fake. This may have been really interesting, but in the end, this is just another boring movie.Boring, pretentious and unimaginative.A complete waste of time.
4 Just got back from watching "Death on The Nile" & I'm not even lying when I say Kenneth Branagh has chosen to shoe-horn in a WW1 related backstory to show why Hercule Poirot has a moustache... As if we needed an explanation, detailing the reason for a character's facial hair.At this rate, Hollywood will be giving us an origin story for Agatha Christie's bikini wax.Seriously though, the most suspenseful thing was the unmasked woman conspicuously coughing (continuously) throughout, further down the aisle of the cinema. It's a superficial adaptation, worsened by Kenneth Branagh's artificial direction, bad VFX, amateurish continuity errors & horrendous chewing of scenery by actors giving some of the worst performances of their careers.
5 Turned in her grave, on plenty occasions in this edition of the death on the nile. I guess peter ustinov wouldve kikced his anckle too cause this edition of the poirot story is made for the new generation of agathae christie fans, not grumpy old peoople like me. How could he have forgotten his stick, and forlorn his bowler hat...IMPOSSIBLE'...enjoy it for what you want, but apart from some great vantage views of the nile and some workable cgi's here and there, this wasnt more ,than looking at a stage play in the london theater district, and the sets no more than a bbc tv theater. Best of british cast, but they can not rewrite the story again.enjoy the flicks from the past,they are way better.
31 March 2022 Ti West's movie really should have been called "E" for elevated. It sets itself up as a smart take on the slasher films of the 70s and early 80s. As a bonus, the film within a film has the filmmakers making an 'elevated' porn flick (as a bonus, actor Owen Campbell who plays the "Director" even looks a bit like Director Tobe Hooper).Quite consciously taking it's set up from Tobe Hooper's 1974 TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE, X has a group of randy pornographers renting a farmhouse from an elderly couple in the middle of nowhere in Texas (actually New Zealand). Writer-Director West's main idea here is to set up a contrast between the XXX filmmakers and the bible thumping civilians of the area. It's not an uninteresting idea, which, of course, plays off the the puritanical cliche in the slasher films of yore where the most sexually active characters are the most likely to g et killed off. In addition to MASSACRE, West includes nods to FRIDAY THE 13TH, Hooper's EATEN ALIVE and a very specific one to HALLOWEEN. X is set about 5 years after MASSACRE so that it can include a brief exchange about how home video will change the porno industry (adult films were already available on VHS for about 3 years).The movie is very well directed, with savvy use of cross-cutting between the porn film in the making and the terrors that await the group. Mia Goth (in a dual role; actually a triple if you stay after the credits) and Brittany Snow are the two pornstars to be and each dive in with relish. Kid Cudi is the cocky stud, while Martin Henderson is solid as the confidant Producer. Jenna Ortega is the "crew" all by her lonesome (she manages to keep her clothes on - must have a better agent). Stephen Ure is the ornery old man who rents out his guest house.As good as the filmmaking is, X ends up feeling too studied. The pacing is lugubrious even if it picks up towards the very end. Once the massacre begins (if not by power tools) it still ends up being fairly typical of the films it's commenting on, regardless of how well executed and 'elevated' it thinks it is. It's also too drawn out to satisfy some gore-hounds and once the blood starts flowing, probably too gross for the internet scribes dreaming of doing extended online essays dissecting it for it's elevated intellect. There are a couple of twists, but they aren't sufficient enough to compensate for the predictability.In the end, it's not as clever as West thinks it is, and despite some good Directing chops and acting, it's simply too self-conscious to be much of a fun thrill ride.
8 I liked it. It's a nice old-fashioned (flawlessly 70's styled) slasher horror-flick, with a fairly original premise. As in any comparable horror movie the motives for the killings are pretty farfetched, but who cares, when they are pictured so relentlessley gruesome, the gore here is definitely not for the tender-hearted. Another strong point is how the movie very gradually builds up the tension, this is a real slow burner, the apprehension of looming doom is palpable throughout the movie. This is helped by a strong direction, a very clever and inventive editing, and some great photography, see for instance the scene of one of the girls swimming in the lake, while... well, I won't give it away, but it's beautiful and hair-raisingly scary at the same time!Add to all this some very funny dialogues and goings-on at the start, and you're in for a well made, old-school horror flick, maybe not life-changing but absolutely entertaining for those who can apprciate this kind of movie (like me!).
6 An interesting slow burn, but without enough to make it stand against the countless other slasher films, X is a fine film and another tribute to the iconic genre that made horror so popular in the first place. Granted, I do enjoy myself a slasher film from time to time- I'm quite fond of films like Nightmare on Elm Street and My Bloody Valentine, but where X faults among the others is through using a rather familiar formula without any true unique purpose. Throughout the film the characters often talk about an X factor, something that makes Mia Goth's character special and starworthy- but unlike its mentionings- this film just doesn't have that. The acting is really good, I love the underrated Mia Goth as always- as well as Brittany Snow, Martin Henderson, and even Kid Cudi did a rather impressive job. The cinematography is fantastic and perfectly fits the amitpshere and tone the film is going for. The music is enjoyable and tense, and its pacing can be a bit slow at times, but does allow for an interesting point of view. Its main problem lies solely in its script, which revolves largely around a smut film production- but takes too many elements and formulaic tendencies from other horror films like Evil Dead, Friday the 13th, The Visit and most obviously Texas Chainsaw Massacre to really stand out on its own and become its own thing. In the end, its not a bad watch, I wouldn't watch it again, but I certainly didn't mind watching it. It isn't the most memorable, but I certainly don't have any disdain for it. It just could have been more, especially given the talent involved, but ironically it settled for less.My Rating: 5.8/10.
6 In 1979 a group of people rent a cabin to make an adult film in rural Texas. The owner is less than pleased and has issues of his own with his wife.The film is over-hyped. It does have two creepy looking old people who look like something out of Texas Chainsaw. The soundtrack was top rate, as is anything that includes Mungo Jerry. It also has the throwback nudity many horror films have started to avoid. This film reminded me of "Bread Crumbs."Guide: F-word, sex, nudity (Mia Goth, Brittany Snow)
7 In 1979 a bunch of young filmmakers set out to rural Teaxas to film a porno film. They rent a cabin in the middle of nowhere from an old guy. They begin filming but the old guy and his wife have other plans. Soon the young people are fighting for their lives.This is a very odd film. It's a solid hour before any horror kicks in but when it does it's VERY bloody, gruesome and pretty sick. However it is well-done, the acting is good and there is plenty of female and male frontal nudity. Also I love how the opening and closing credits look like they came off an old porno flick! Worth a look but the buildup to the blood and guts is kind of slow.
5 While I knew this film was presented as a slasher film going in, I had better expectations given it was an A24 Studios film. Despite some of the famous names in the cast, I wouldn't consider it good. Probably my least favorite from the A24 films. The film is made in the cinematography style of classic 1970s slasher films, but it holds back on the brutality with the females. I really wished A24 was above PC culture.True 70s slasher/horror films were very brutal with both genders but not this one except perhaps with the old woman/zomb-et at the end.I was hoping at least a slightly smarter screenplay given it is A24, but disappointingly no. Mia Goth was probably the only likable character in the film. But I feel the special effects people overdid the prosthetics with the old couple. They resemble zombie monsters far more than the elderly. They could have placed a real elderly couple in there instead. Yes, the film does have some gore and blood but its predominately a very tame film. The worst of it all is a disembowel cow hit by a truck on the highway. It's not even part of the main story and we also see the aftermath of the accident.I don't feel the film deserves to be elevated because of the technical production. Authentic 1970s low budget B films were not technically sophisticated in camera work and lighting. The fancy lighting and best cinematographers of the time were reserved for mainstream big studio films and not low budget horror. With today's pre-fab software plugins templates for adobe software, copying the style wasn't an Einstein endeavor. Had this film been made by any other no name production studio, it would have been relegated into another Netflix Original category and not given accolades. The recent Netflix Texas Chainsaw original from 2022 is just as good a film as this one minus the famous actors.
5 5/10 - while it was nice to see Brittany Snow on the big screen again after the Pitch Perfect movies and it continued Jenna Ortega's Hollywood takeover, this utterly bizarre, inconsistent, and incomplete attempt at a "sexy slasher" starts off strong but a few moments aside, becomes utterly laughable in the last 45 minutes.
8 I saw X, starring Mia Goth-Suspiria, Everest; Jenna Ortega-Scream_2022, Iron Man 3; Brittany Snow-the Pitch Perfect movies, John Tucker Must Die; Martin Henderson-Grey's Anatomy_tv, Everest and Kid Cudi-Don't Look Up, Need For Speed.This movie is-in the words of one of the characters-one F$#@^& up horror movie. I will say, it is original. It takes place in 1979 Texas-it was actually filmed in New Zealand-where a group of young filmmakers go to a rural farmhouse to make an adult movie. Martin is the producer that rents the farm location and Mia, Brittany and Kid are the films' stars-and yes, there is graphic nudity. Jenna is handling the equipment behind the camera. One of the first things you notice is that there is something odd about the old couple that own the farm, especially the old woman. Slowly, things become clear about the intentions of both of the farm owners and it gets bloody violent. FYI: Don't leave until after the end credits because there is a scene you do not want to miss and I read that the sequel-actually a prequel-will be out later this year.It's rated R for bloody violence and gore, drug use, language and sexual content-including nudity-and has a running time of 1 hour & 45 minutes.I loved this horror film and I would buy it on Blu_Ray.
2 Boring. Pointless. Unrealistic (old people who can barely stand upright are somehow capable of killing a group of young adults!!!). Can't believe people are rating this movie so highly!!!
1 Instead of getting a horror movie of the 70's, you watch a group of junkies going to make a porn movie on a farm, which turns out to be nothing but a long drawn out build-up, before they get wiped out but one. Some people call it a slow burner, but they're wrong, it doesn't even get lit.
6 A decent slasher, but does not deserve a 96% rating on RT. The kills felt conveniently cheap and honestly everything was underwhelming. I was hoping to to feel paranoid or scared, but didn't feel much of anything. Spent most of the movie hoping it would get better or surprise me a little but we've seen this all before.
9 A very stylish rendition of original porn leading to some brilliant horror set in 1979 that is well written and fun to watch! X is surprising in all the right ways and very weird reminds me of M. Nights The Visit just more extreme. I was surprised to see Sam Levinson's name in the credits I love him and his projects! Ti West created something special, I've seen a couple of his films he seems to gear towards disturbed older folks which is quite effective.
4 This isn't like Ti West's other films. It's tasteless garbage with a few good scenes scattered throughout that end up being meaningless when the film descended into complete nonsense and shock value.
8 Paying homage to the slashers of yesteryear is nothing new, but Ti West's new movie X makes it feel fresh. He does this by primarily bringing attention to the sex parts of the genre and exploring what sex means. This is, after all, in part about a crew of people attempting to make a porno. But the sex angle goes beyond just cheap titillation. It is at the heart of the film, and West seems to be most interested in what the experience means, whether it's for love, a way to recapture youth, or getting the most out of life while one is still capable of experiencing the act.Beyond all this, though, is a fun, classically styled slasher that is equal parts titillation and slasher mayhem. Some may find the amount of nudity and sex, and heck the subject matter itself, distasteful, but for slasher fans, this will remind you of much of the early years of the genre. A lot has been made about how this is so heavily inspired by Texas Chainsaw Massacre and it's easy to see why. The majority of the film revolves around the singular location, an old farm seemingly in the middle of nowhere, Texas, ripe for plenty of slasher fun. Ti doesn't skimp on the red stuff either. While nothing gets too outlandishly creative, we do get some brutal kills with often gory results.It helps that characters are written well and likable. Despite the sleazy material they're attempting to create, they don't feel shallow or sleazy themselves. They believe in their work and the reasons for making it. While it may have been nice to get a little more depth out of them, they clearly have history and there are things hinted at that never get much development, they're at least a decent crowd of folks who are fun to be around. As for the villains, they're not quite as out there or mysterious as the trailer would lead you to believe. In fact, they're pretty grounded, but never the less creepy and tension is maintained consistently once the violence starts.If you know what the film's about, you have a pretty good idea of what to expect. It does take some unusual turns, but for me that only added to just how much the film stood on it's own. It certainly feels like a fresh entry into the slasher genre, something the genre needs. Ti West continues to make a name for himself as someone to watch out for. Have fun with this sexy, bloody good time.
4 I expected a lot more from this movie. It felt a lot like a reboot of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre. Too many similarities and the overall story is hardly believable. Disappointed as Ti West has made some good movies before. This is not one of them.
3 My expectations were quite high for this film ... After watching it , I just don't understand what's all the hype is about ? To call it mediocre is to make a compliment ! Slow , predictable , not very clever horror , which is not even a horror , just an unrealistic portrayal of mayhem based on sex... Highly not recommended !
5 A man looking for a get rich quick scheme decides to make a porn film on a Texas ranch in the video days of 1979. The place is owned by a creepy old couple who look like ma and pa kettle. The old lady is both horny and violent and a scene with geriatric peop!e getting busy is downright bizarre. The leads are fine but X is only an average horror movie.
4 After being involved in some great modern horror films such as Hereditary (2018) and Saint Maud (2019), A24's latest film is an immature mess that feels more like an exercise in superfluity than it is a meaningful narrative.Set in 1979, X follows six Americans as they arrive at an isolated farmhouse for a weekend, intent on shooting a porno. Hosted by an unsettling, elderly couple, things soon turn into a full-blown bloodbath.Obviously inspired by Tobe Hooper's classic, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974), writer-director Ti West ensured that X was full of slasher tropes, adding little originality to an already saturated genre. Where it does succeed is creating characters with some personality. Mia Goth's Maxine is noticeably unstable but tries to believe that she is a star. Bobby-Lynne, played well by Brittany Snow, comes across as the more witty, experienced porn actor. Jackson (Kid Cudi) is a Vietnam veteran, while Wayne (Martin Henderson) and RJ (Owen Campbell) provide the overseeing eyes to the pornographic production. Finishing off the cast, Jenny Ortega plays the outsider of the group, Lorraine.Lacking believable or serious motives, the killers in the film were nonetheless unique, providing some creepiness and mystery. However, this soon subsides as we learn their quite ludicrous reasons for their murderous streak. They will certainly not be remembered as iconic horror characters.From the beginning, the film uses themes of religion to juxtapose the vices taking place. The TV in the house shows a programme of a preacher discussing sin, which is repeated throughout the film. As well as this, a well-crafted shot of Lorraine taking off her cross while giving in to the temptation of being involved in the pornographic film hints at what could have been further developed. Unfortunately, the theme is only touched upon within the hour-forty-five runtime, in what seems a missed opportunity to flesh out the barren story.This slasher focuses too much on numerous scenes of nudity in the first half of the film which then mostly moves aside to allow for excessive gore. The extended sex scenes are used in place of well-written dialogue and provide little else than what you would expect. It seems as if Ti West had more of an interest in indulging in some sort of manic sex-gore film than providing any substance to this horror show. And while the gore was well executed with some great effects on display, they are at times over the top and not for the faint of heart.The editing of the film was unique, but rather out of place. Alongside this, X lacked adequate direction, with suspense in short supply and predictability with every kill. The film did not use perspective enough and could have created further tension within scenes by narrowing the viewer's vision and creating a more personal point of view.Without a strong plot, X fails to create a memorable story and instead focuses on showing something more akin to a pornographic film and a gore-fest. The killers were boring and the kills felt formulaic. Decently written characters could not make up for some of the bizarre dialogue and while gore was in abundance suspense was not.
5 This is technically well-made movie. It's a slow burn but I was never bored. I was enjoying it and curious to see what comes next. Until it got weird. And gross. This is coming from someone who watches tons of horror and gore. That wasn't the problem. The gore is one of the movies best qualities.But the direction they take with some of the "horror" late in the movie is off-putting. I understand what they are going for. I understand that's the point. And the point does come across. It still doesn't change how I felt. Which was unsettled, not scared.Some people might like that type of "horror" (like Gabe from The Office lol). I am not one of those people. It's unfortunate because it's a good setup that just doesn't land for me. (1 viewing, opening night 3/17/2022)
10 X (2022) is a movie my wife and I caught in theatres tonight. The storyline follows a production crew who rents an old house from a very old couple in the middle of nowhere in Texas to film a porno. As they make an outstanding porno hoping to change the industry forever they get some visitors looking to fulfill their own fantasies.This movie is directed by Ti West (The House of the Devil) and stars Mia Goth (Suspiria), Jenna Ortega (Scream), Brittany Snow (Pitch Perfect), Kid Cudi (Don't Look Up), Martin Henderson (The Ring) and Owen Campbell (My Heart Can't Beat Unless You Tell it To).I love everything about this movie, how can you not like a slasher porno movie? The storyline is excellent and unfolds perfectly. This is a rare unique slasher film that horror fans have been clamoring for. I really liked the characters, the twists and turns and the full circle ending. The cast was perfectly selected. The cinematography and camera angles are out of this world, as is the use of lighting, sounds and the soundtrack. The kill scenes, gore and blood splatter are on point. The jump scares are perfectly executed and very well done with no cheese.This movie gives horror fans everything they want in a horror movie. I could watch this 100 times. I would score this a 10/10.
4 ... there'd be plenty of flesh and gore and comical carnage to see, with disfigured torsos, extreme loss of blood flow, and attempts to escape but not being able to quite flee.... and it would be better than this.
7 "X" is a very bloody, and satisfying horror film from A24 that is able to pack enough scary moments, while also talking it's time to develop its characters.The good in this movie right off the bat is the performances. Everyone in the movie is great. The standouts here are Mia Goth and Jenna Ortega. These two were great. The movie also has a really strong message about sex and what it really means for these people. It's a very strong message and it works. The gore here is also great. It's a very bloody movie and the final 40 minutes are amazing. It's also a very good looking movie. It's very well shot and there's a lot of creepiness to it. And finally I actually felt that the villains in this movie were actually very well portrayed. They were given a somewhat tragic issue, and it really added a lot to them.Now I do have a few negatives. The first being that I do wish there was a little more crazy moments. I wish the movie had just a little more bloody moments. I also felt that the first act, while good, was a little too slow paced. I wish it do move a lot faster. And finally there are some things aren't fully explained towards the end.Overall "X" is a very bloody good time with great acting, great direction, and some truly bloody moments.
5 I can't with movies full of characters that just walk around without any instinct doing the absolute dumbest things they could possibly choose before they're murdered. It's literally the whole movie. The 'action and gore' is actually pretty tame. The sex is explicit. The characters are idiots.
8 Ti West is an incredibly astute visual director, and with X, he continues to show this. He turns this farmhouse into one of the most hellish nightmares imaginable, where there is no place that is truly safe.That being said, West has never impressed me with his writing before. His earlier films have very little detail put into the characters and themes-they're all concept and little substance. Thankfully that's changed with this one. This is probably West's most character-filled film.Every single character in this story is incredibly flawed, yet still retains a shred of sympathetic humanity. The protagonists live too much in the moment with no regard for future consequences, while the film's villains yearn for a bygone era of their lives and harbor envy toward those who have what they have lost. Each group represents an untenable human desire, and it adds a layer of melancholy to the terror that unfolds.It's not a perfect film; like pretty much all slasher films, there are some characters who exist just to get killed off in predictable fashion, and some death scenes come off as rather anticlimactic.Additionally, because every character kind of sucks as a person, there's a two-edged sword in that none of them are particularly likeable and I didn't get attached to them in the way I think West wanted me to.Still, this is quite a wild, effectively uncomfortable ride, and a far smarter one than I was expecting.
5 Whilst I appreciate the way this was shot which gave it a 70s grindhouse horror feels, I was bored. I can't remember the last time I checked my watch so many times throughout a movie.First hour is an incredibly slow burn of the characters shooting a porn movie, that hour isn't used for character development or anything that is important to the movie. The horror part is the final 45 minutes.Whilst there were a few good kill scenes it didn't save the movie. Paired with some lousy acting which was partly intentional giving the theme of the movie the only good performance coming from Mia Goth.With a muddled twist at the end I came out shaking my head. Not a terrible movie but not one that I'd recommend to my horror movie friends and no doubt I won't remember it in 6 months.I'm guessing the higher reviews are based on artist efforts rather than the story itself and the movie as a whole. I was looking forward to a great horror movie based on reviews but was sadly disappointed.
3 Have just came back from a screening of this & must say I wasn't impressed!The film sees The Batman taking down The Riddler who plans to unleash devastation across the city! Batman must try & stop him before all hell breaks loose!I found the film to be boring, depressing & most importantly, too long at a staggeringly bad, 2 hours & 47 minutes!! Whoever was hired as editor needs to be shot as this was unacceptable! Easily, a good hour could've been exercised from this mess of a film with a plot so stretched you don't know what's what! Like other films of this kind, the pacing & runtime seem to have this effect on the story where is drags out soo long that you forget/can't make ends meat with the story! The dark tone while fitting was a bit too dark for its own good! Even the story itself was pretty naff & failed to interest me! There was also 1 line regardingr being mentioned, along with the implicated message which was out of order & typical of Hollywood today, which I felt was pretty unnecessary, not to mention a few other things which I didn't appreciate that were unneeded in the film!Patterson was alright for Batman & the effects & action were good! Some eye candy here & there with Zoe Kravitz wasn't bad either!Overall, it's heavily overrated! It's too long, too boring & dull to the core with a weak story-line that's stretched to breaking point!3/10.
5 Everything about this movie is trying too hard - the over dramatic score, the long shots on characters faces, the overacting, the complex crime story - it all feels it's trying to get an Oscar in every moment.It's overly long, drawn out, and the story feels like a generic crime saga that has the Batman universe shoehorned into it.This movie is not a masterpiece, but it spends a lot of effort making you think it is!
5 THE BATMAN (2022) is a movie where my expectations lowered as it got closer to opening night. However, unlike most people, lowering my expectations means exactly that and nothing more. I didn't expect The Batman to be great. But that doesn't mean that I liked it just because I had low expectations. I don't give passes to awfulness or mediocrity, but ESPECIALLY when it's a high budget, hyped film like The Batman with a pretty reputable director and cast. While this troupe of actors isn't exactly Godfather caliber, they are nothing to sneeze at either. Robert Pattinson has gained a lot of traction over the years slowly removing himself of the universally panned Twilight movies. And in particular John Turturro, Jeffrey Wright, Colin Farrell, and Paul Dano are very well respected in the film industry. Even Andy Serkis is highly regarded for his physical and voice acting in the 2010s Ape movies. Zoe Kravitz is really the only questionable casting. But from this overall reputable cast, I thought that the acting was good at best. Save for Paul Dano as The Riddler, none of the performances really stood out as anything more than serviceable.To the elephant in the room, how was Pattinson as Batman? I dare say that Pattinson low-key reverted to his Twilight days of being overly broody, moody, and staring too much in this film. The dialogue did the actors no favors, either. It was very bland and lacked genuine humor or wit. Also very weirdly, Pattinson was way more verbose as Batman than he was as Bruce, who did a lot of that awkward staring at people in the scenes where Bruce was featured, which were few and far in between. And when he would stare as Batman, I just didn't feel a sense of fear or danger coming from him. I felt like you could put any actor of decent physical stature in this costume and he would just as intimidating as Pattinson, which isn't saying much. Pattinson's "acting" was just a bunch of staring and scowling at people throughout the movie. He was too stiff and emotionless like a statue. As for his character development, there really wasn't any. He just brooded and moped through most of the film then at the end flipped a switch and realized that his true goal was helping people instead of getting revenge. Saving the subway mugging victim wasn't helping? Playing detective with Gordon wasn't helping? Saving Selina from herself wasn't helping? He's been playing vigilante crime fighter for 2 years and putting criminals behind bars. How is that not helping people?Next, to Zoe Kravitz. From what I've seen of her in a few other things, including the Divergent franchise she's really not much of an actress. And this film did nothing to change my mind. She was OK as Selina Kyle/Catwoman, but nothing special. In fact, I feel like Selina's entire arc was awkwardly shoehorned into the movie and could not have even existed. Why was I supposed to care about Selina and this Russian girl? They had barely one scene of Batman scoping their apartment as they apparently argued then a few scenes later her dead body is in a trunk and I felt nothing. Then there was the cliche and uninspired reveal that Selina was Falcone's daughter. I just blankly stared at the screen when she revealed that information. And in the climactic scene where she went to kill Falcone, she was useless. Then the writers made up for it by having her randomly be there to save Batman in the climax. Never mind how someone as small as her could have the strength to pull up a man twice her size. Also, I must be the only one on the planet who thought her mask looked silly and her pixie hairdo was awful. And Kravitz is extremely good-looking, so why the bad haircut? But mainly, Kravitz and Pattinson had zero chemistry. I felt nothing from their various interactions. This film didn't need her character nor this "love story" at all.As for the remaining cast, the various actors Turturro (as Falcone) Wright (as Lt. Gordon), Dano (as Riddler), Farrell (as Penguin), and Serkis (as Alfred) did their best with an odd script. As mentioned before Dano was able to somehow generate a performance approaching greatness from the limited script. I actually expected Farrell to be the standout, but his performance was reduced to him just being physically unrecognizable and sporting a different voice. But Penguin as a character was just kind of there like everyone else. With the possible exception of Gordon, all other iterations of these characters have been done better. I have more of a problem with very minor roles in this movie, just a bunch of bland, interchangeable characters who could have been played by any actor, like the D. A., the lady Mayor, twin bouncers at the club, the uniformed cop who called Batman a freak. None of these people felt believable or unique to me nor left any kind of impression. None of the conversations and character interactions in this film had any kind of emotion, staying power, or re-watchability. It was just characters exchanging stiff dialogue in the blandest possible way.A big problem with this movie is it's running time. It's almost 3 hours long and feels every second of it. Stuff just happens. The movie jumps from scene to scene in a random fashion. Scenes are stretched out due to a bunch of awkward silence and staring and Batman SLOWLY walking around. The main plot, which is based on the Riddler's riddles, is very thin. Somehow, Batman is able to solve every riddle within seconds just to move the plot forward. And at times they don't make sense. Selina would always just randomly show up at the spot where Batman and Gordon were investigating. Then there's the music. The now iconic score just plays endlessly in the background throughout the entire film, many times feeling unearned. I really found the humor to be strained in this film. It wasn't cringe so much as forced. The writers tried to be more nuanced and subtle with the humor, but it just didn't land for me. There were a couple of mild chuckles, but that's about it. Then there's the agenda-riddled dialogue like when Catwoman said the "white privilege" line. I could feel and hear the collective groans in my movie theatre when she said that line. I don't know why Hollywood is so hellbent on inserting cringe stuff like this in virtually every major film nowadays.Also there's the plotholes and inconsistencies. Why is Oswald even called The Penguin in this? He's not supposed to inherit that nickname until much later when he becomes a big crime boss. Why did "Penguin" run away from Batman, resulting in that car chase? Batman isn't a cop and has no right to arrest him? Penguin is protected by Falcone, who owns the police force and the D. A. He could have just given himself up to Gordon and then Falcone would have quickly got him off the charges. Why was the Russian girl's body in the trunk and not disposed of immediately? Speaking of the car chase, it felt like it was shoehorned in just to have a cool scene that was a callback to the one in Batman Returns (the best Batman film ever, btw), except in that movie the Batmobile was under Penguin's control. What was Penguin going to do, leave town? It would have made more sense for him to just let Gordon arrest him and ignore Batman completely since he's not a cop and has no authority or jurisdiction. Why didn't Batman or Gordon care about all the lives that were lost in that highway explosion that they were partially responsible for? They acted like none of that happened and just kept interrogating Penguin and moved on. What's the purpose of Batman helping the police solve crimes and saving people from subway attacks, then turn around and cause highway explosions causing collateral damage? Penguin is a protected mobster who can get away with anything. So what if Gordon arrests him? He'll be out that same night. Why did Riddler just give himself up? Are these writers telling me they wrote this LONG detective story based on a villain who was just going to turn himself in at the climax? So what was the purpose of even telling the story? That means that Batman and Gordon and all their detective work were useless and a waste of time. Then to top it off, Riddler stupidly tells Batman about his big evil plan using his followers. If Riddler doesn't give himself up and says nothing, he wins.The positives are the cinematography, atmosphere and action scenes, thus why this film can at least be called mediocre. The look of Gotham is neo-noirish enough to give a comic book feel and the constant raining and dreariness immerses you into the world. The action scenes are cool, but I swear that the 75% of them were in the trailers, so when I saw them in the movie, it was literal deja vu. The subway beatdown, the club shootout, the car chase...all given away in the trailer. This movie felt more like a super long, rambling, meaningless detective story with a bunch of random characters cosplaying the iconic hero and villains rather than feeling like lived in versions. Interestingly, this director Matt Reeves directed Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, the first sequel to the far superior Rise of the Planet of the Apes, directed by someone else. So it's not surprising that because so many people overrate Dawn and think it's better than Rise, I'm also seeing a lot of people already overrate The Batman as one of the best Batman movies. Reeves has a tone that appears to appeal to a lot of people, but not this moviegoer. Since it's already a given there will be 2 sequels to The Batman...better luck next time.
5 I just don't enjoyed it at all. It's too long, bored me to dead. I loved the previous Batman movies but this isn't as good as these movies . Moreover,It's ratings make me sad and laugh at the same time. It's not good enough compared to these movies, maybe, I just had too much high exceptions about this which eventually fall flat.... :3.
3 I never cared much for The Riddler and I don't care for him in this movie either. It was such a terrible villain to create because he is so close to being like The Joker. This version of him is exactly like that, but with a bit of a twist.Robert Pattinson is miscast as Batman. I found him to be weak and unappealing. He seems to be straining his voice to copy the other versions of Batman with the deep froggy voice. He has the look though. He never smiles and he has that little head bob when he is talking. I think he got that from Keaton's version.I didn't care for the Batmobile. I didn't care for the care chase except for the end of it which was well done.There was too much whispering in the scenes. Speak up sonny! I can't hear you!The rest of the cast is meh. The Penguin is not the Penguin. Catwoman is underwhelming. I haven't see this much of a miscast of Catwoman since Michelle Pfeiffer or Halle Berry. Alfred is good, but I didn't like his arc. The script has several story arcs in it, but the one main arc leads me to believe this is an alternate Universe Batman.Overall it was OK, but with strings attached. It is really forgettable. It has a lot of lows and a few highs.
10 I'll admit I raised an eyebrow when I saw that Pattinson was cast, but I eat my words, he was awesome, and hopefully will play the part a few more times.This film blew me away, exciting, fast paced, surprisingly gritty, and genuinely had an awesome story.The franchise somehow felt renewed here, even if you're not a fan of superhero movies, you will love this.Andy Serkis was genuinely awesome, but when isn't he? The acting throughout was fantastic, with plenty of well known faces.Great music, great special effects, I've already booked to see it again.10/10.
4 STAR RATING: ***** Brilliant **** Very Good *** Okay ** Poor * AwfulGotham City is rocked by a series of murders of key political figures, by a sadistic killer calling himself The Riddler (Paul Dano), who holds the city to ransom, revealing darkly guarded secrets and threatening more mayhem until he is stopped. 'The Batman' (Robert Pattinson), the alter ego of millionaire Bruce Wayne, starts an investigation of his own, crossing paths with a woman called Selina Kyle (Zoe Kravitz), who operates as 'Catwoman' and wants to find out what happened to her friend. It sets them both on a collision course with the darkest elements of Gotham's underworld, including notorious gangster 'The Penguin' (an unrecognisable Colin Farrell) and crime boss Carmine Falcone (John Turturro), who may be sitting on a devastating secret that could shatter both their lives.The Batman series must be one of the most enduringly successful franchises in the world of comic book films, appearing in various different incarnations since its original creation. Here, writer/director Matt Reeves delivers a mammoth three hour long interpretation of his own of the character that many seem to be hailing as the best ever. Less doesn't seem to be more anymore, at least not to the cinema artistes, but from this end, all I can see is a film drowning in its own indulgence.Reeves is obviously keen to maintain the bleak, heavy tone established by Christopher Nolan, and so we have a Gotham City with seemingly endless heavy rain, and gloomy skies, set against Pattinson's dark, brooding stare and gravelly voiceovers, set to the background of the emo rock soundtrack. It's just one of many things ripe for parody in a film that takes itself much too seriously and feels almost devoid of any humour and light. Even more overdone is Dano's dark 'Riddler', operating in some garish gimp suit that just looks ridiculous. Thrown in to this is the topical 'social justice' speeches that litter film and TV today, with Kravitz's Catwoman even praising the 'sinister' villain (who we're meant to hate!) at one point, for killing 'all these white privileged a$$holes.' It's just trying to cram a whole load of eggs in to one basket, over ambitious and overlong, and by the time of the main villain's grand 'master plan' at the end, you're too overwhelmed (or bored) to care.Everyone else can think what they like, but personally this is one of the most pretentious Batman's ever, which might have been a bit more bearable if it had just been less self indulgent, or at least had an old fashioned, Lawrence of Arabia style 'intermission' at some point. **
3 I went in with ultra-low expectations because I think Robert Pattison is a god-awful actor and, this film took my expectations and made me promptly realise that, you can always go lower.I'm actually angry I wasted 3 hours of my life (and trust me, every minute of that time was felt).However, let's have some positives: cinematography is great and the music is fantastic. The opening scenes with The Batman made me think, I was going to have another Heath moment and be forced to eat my words because those opening scenes are indeed something special.But then the film gets going. Part "Saw" rip-off and so desperately wants to be "Se7en" in its execution, the story dragged. You don't care about any of the characters and I found myself pining for Clooney and his bat-nipples and Mr. Freeze.What I found really funny though is the producer of this utter mess got in touch with Nolan and warned him, "We're going to make a better Batman than you." No. Just no.Like the last Lord of The Rings film, this has an ending that just keeps on coming. Something wraps up and you start to get ready to leave, the film continues. Something else is wrapped up and you think, "That's it..." and it keeps going.... Something else, and on and on and on...I can see why the guy in the seat nearby racked up a massive line of coke and snorted it midway through (and no, I'm not joking... Welcome to Southampton).With regards to the plank of wood.... Sorry... "Pattison". In the initial scenes I was genuinely excited. Never a fan of his costume before, seeing it here - suddenly I "got it". He proper beats down on someone in a vicious attack. They get back up... In fact, everyone he bat-punches gets back up and just attacks him from behind again. There's no real threat here. When Bale smacked someone down, they stayed dead. But then, when Bale stripped off (same as Affleck), they were built. Robert looked like me and I look like Mr. Burns from The Simpsons. A skeletal mess with no beef there whatsoever. In fact, when Robert bent over in one topless scene, his bones stuck out and I thought wings were going to pop out. But then, why wouldn't they when he infamously said he refused to bulk up for the role (I would have sacked him there and then).His time as Bruce is strictly limited - thank God - so you can't really judge him for that. As Bruce he just stands there and looks confused. As The Batman, by the end he became a parody. His Batman voice changed to the same sound as the joke Batman in the college humour videos (A is for Alfred = genius). When he was mad, it just look like he was pulling a cum-face. And don't even get me started on the Adrian Mole diary keeping that's going in with the voice-over narration.Honestly, with the exception of the opening ten minutes or so, I have never hated a film so much as I did this and given I went in with low expectations, even I am surprised at how fuming I am at myself for wasting my time on it.
3 Couldn't even finish this drivel... Firstly : Pattinson is a good actor but doesn't fit Batman's role ...Film is way too long and boring , action is underwhelming ...Overall a big disappointment... Can't recommend it at all...
3 Matt Reeves is not a good director at all-- -he's made one decent film, Rise of the Planet of the Apes, and everything else he's done falls into one of two categories: junk and overrated junk. Thank goodness The Batman is at least the latter instead of the former. If the producers weren't trying sooooo hard to make the film 'dark' maybe it could have created a new category of just overrated.Firstly, David Fincher himself is bad enough, but David Fincher imitations are even worse. This movie's rote serial-killer plot indulges in every single one of those irritating tropes that Nolan already played around with, most notably the 'but he wanted to be captured!' eye-roller. (Also irritating are Reeves' cheap attempts to desecrate Schubert's music while playing into the other trope of the psychopathic killer who likes classical music). Modern culture's obsession with and inadvertent glorification of serial killers is one of my greatest pet peeves---they are just pathetic and boring characters who are all the same. Exchange the Riddler for any of the killers in Fincher's movies and there is basically no difference.Secondly, the casting is sometimes bizarre. DC has often thrived on unorthodox casting-if they can make Ben Affleck work as Batman anything goes-but they trip up here since we have the high-water mark of the Nolan trilogy to compare it to. Andy Serkis as Alfred? That completely does not work; he just lacks the sophistication of Michael Caine. The new Commissioner Gordon is no Gary Oldman, that's for sure. The Riddler joins the swelling ranks of villains desperately trying to imitate Heath Ledger. (The Riddler from the '66 Batman show was vastly superior--heck, Jim Carrey was). The new Catwoman is alright given the rest of this casting, but is rendered irritating by a script that causes here to carry ON and ON about some friend of hers that ends up killed. Why she's so emotionally attached to this friend is a mystery not even Batman dares solve. The closest thing to a saving grace is the infamously unrecognizable Colin Farrell as the Penguin--- the car chase scene was great even as I kept wondering why none of the vehicles were hydroplaning with something like a full inch of water on the road.Thirdly, the pacing is off. I've seen people accuse Nolan of being portentous, but The Batman takes it to a whole new level with it's bloated runtime. It doesn't even have the quasi-grandeur of the Snyder Cut due to the banal serial killer story which mostly requires people to pop in and out of the Penguin's club ad nauseam. Reeves said that he was supposedly inspired by Alfred Hitchcock, but other than a 'Rear Window' throwback in the opening scene I don't see it. The film is mostly shot like a generic TV procedural filtered through a David Fincher lens, and Reeves completely lacks the morbid playfulness that made Hitchcock so sublime. Reeve's sole technique for suspense is to have the Riddler hovering around in the background while an unsuspecting victim putters about.Ugh. If any good this would have become DC's highest grossing film ever. As it is, people will lose interest after a little while and the box office receipts will drop.
5 It's outrageous how some people are saying this is better than the Dark Knight movies. This movie doesn't come near any of the dark knight trilogy.It had some really fun scenes like most of the riddler scenes were good. But it just dragged on with so much dialogue that didn't seem to be that important. I'd actively avoid watching this movie again.
5 March 2022 I'm not sure where to begin as I don't generally want to spoil the reveals, but the big twists in the film were very anticlimactic. For 'The Batman'; Matt Reeves seemed to borrow from some of the bigger books such as 'Batman: Year One', 'Hush', and 'Batman: The Long Halloween'. Reeves also leaned heavily onto films such as 'The French Connection', 'Zodiac', and the noir classic 'Chinatown'. The general feel of the movie sought to relate Batman in the detective role that he's famous for in the comics, but unfortunately ignores any attempt at Batman's level of crime & mystery.The acting was really good. There's a great cast of professionals in this film, although Robert Patterson isn't allowed a range of emotion. Bruce Wayne and Batman are completely indistinguishable as the tired emo-kid who walks through life with severe lethargy. Colin Farrell is unrecognizable as the Penguin, and dare I say gave the greatest performance of his life. A large portion of the film is writing out a semi-origin story for Oswald Cobblepot and his rise to become Gotham's crime boss. A lot of the villains are the origin stories here. Batman (the character) is basically introduced the way he is in 'Batman: Year Two' and I thought that was a mistake. Year one of Batman would have been wonderful on screen. The audience seeing Bruce Wayne learning to use fear in his early days would have been a relief to this movie's "Everyone is just scared of him." plot device. Zoe Kravitz's performance as Selena Kyle becoming Cat Woman was under-developed, as she was so much fun to watch in 'The Batman' that I'd like to see this spin-off into a stand-alone Cat Woman release. Jeffery Wright was brilliant (of course) even remaining quiet in the Batman's background he pulled the attention onto himself, mostly because Patterson's portrayal was incredibly stiff. Paul Dano as The Riddler was exactly what I wanted to see in this movie. The character reached a new level of applause as a serial killer, but saddly that part of the plot was put on the back burner for the lackluster crime drama with Carmine Falcone. John Turturro was great as the crime boss Falcone, but the plot focused too long on his side story rather than offering more clues about the killings. It dragged on so long that it bored me completely. I went into 'The Batman' to see him match wits with a clever serial killer, not be re-educated about the connection between Thomas Wayne & Carmine Falcone again.The action sequences with the car chases and the fight choreography seemed old fashioned in a way. I knew before hand that Reeves lifted from some older better known films, but it's as if they dropped the budget on these scenes. Batman racing to catch the Penguin was an old muscle car Batmobile versus (what I'm guessing was) a 1980's Buick. I was laughing at this chase scene... it was presented with such seriousness that maybe if Penguin were in an expensive Italian sports car, I might have enjoyed it. But it was literally a supped-up car desperately trying to out pace my mom's car. The fighting was dull. Hand to hand combat is one of the first things Bruce Wayne learns before donning the cowl. But in this movie Batman is throwing punches a newly trained boxer would scoff at. So much of these scenes were empty and devoid of thrills and chills, that I wondered where the editor was.'The Batman' is simply too long. It's a ridiculous attempt to impress fans of it's own significance. It fails at cohesive story-telling and it basically pats itself on the back throughout the unnecessary musical score. Unlike the Dark Knight before it - I won't watch it again.
4 This movie is so overlong that you feel like it's never going to end at some point. I thought it was about to end for a few times and then another scene plays out. That just proves how badly composed and poorly plotted it is. The main problem with it is that it tries to please everyone and ends up being all over the place. The dark theme and psychological elements are probably influenced by Joker and its success, but they have no substance whatsoever. It's just a very artsy and pretentious take on the Batman character that looks very stylish and flashy, but it's nothing we haven't seen before. In fact, it uses familiarity as its one and only promise.
2 Right from the 1st leaked screenshots I had doubts about this movie, wasn't bothered by the fact Robbie Pattinson was playing the main man, moody, morose, silent, he had all the things necessary to portray the brooding Batman, unfortunately he had no screen presence, the Batman's mere look should strike fear, Pattinsons didn't, had the resounding thumps of his Jack boots not been amplified to sound like a herd of elephants it would've been easy for him to go unnoticed among the throngs of police officers & various characters.The only scene that attempted to inject any excitement was the "budget Batmobile" chase scene, overly long, quite pointless & shockingly silly and far far too loud, another problem with this movie, whereas the musical score was for the most part the best thing about this movie it's actual sound was one of the worst, every screech, scream and gunshot was turned up to maximum, deafening the audience.Of course the real villain of this movie is the story or more precisely its lack of one, yes we're introduced to "the Penguin" an overweight balding scar faced slob that screams more sleazy pervert than villain & a complete waste of use of the character then its "the Riddler" a bespectacled "youtuber" in what's best described as a gimp costume, a character with no special talents yet is somehow able to enter unseen an exclusive apartment and commit murder, a locked vehicle to over power it's driver and enter unseen a police gym and over power the cheif of police and kidnap him and all the while screeching like a banshee on video & facetime.The films runtime is far too long telling a story that is uninteresting and ultimately very boring, there are no heroic deeds performed no good guy to root for.The time line for this movie becomes apparent from the diary kept by Bruce Wayne and various TV news broadcasts, this is year two in the career of the Batman yet he isn't the vigilante that's feared by the criminal underground yet he's hated by the police force, with no context to work from of his past deeds as a vigilante its very confusing.Quite simply this isn't a movie about Batman , Pattinson could have played the character without the costume and the movie would have still been the same, a very boring lacklustre detective story.Zoe Kravitz plays Catwoman, a character completely different to the Halle Berry version but played equally as badly.Put simply this movie ranks worse Batman movie behind the awful Batman and Robin, as the caped crusader Pattinson isn't a patch on Keaton, Kilmer, Bale or even Afflek.I can only imagine Warner Bros/DC wanted to emulate the profits they raked in from "The Joker" so decided to give Batman the same treatment but where "Joker" stripped away everything and concentrated on the character "The Batman" strips away everything about the character and concentrates on everything else, the sets, cinematography and secondary characters are fine tuned and highly detailed whereas Batman is reduced to a pair of "Jack boots" clumping through the movie.By the end of Matt Reeves "The Batman" I felt I knew a little about what it was like to be in a hostage situation, the elation I felt at the ending of the movie gave newly found strength to my numbed legs allowing me to bound out from the cinema seat seeking the freedom of the evening air, it was a wonderful experience, something I sadly can't say about the movie.Nolans trilogy is still the best, he gave the character a begging a middle and an end and he did it with style all the while telling a complex and interesting story about complex and interesting characters, Matt Reeves fails abysmally with "The Batman" choosing to emulate scenes from past Batman movies rather than creating something new and unseen, from Keatons Bruce Wayne to Bales Dark Knight it's all there easily recognised.If this is Reeves idea of re-booting the character for a new generation then it was a pointless endeavour, the new generation hasn't the need or interest for it, they certainly don't have the patience to sit through 3 hours of it.The movie is about the beginning of Batman's career when he is young, full of the energy necessary to fight the criminals and crime of Gotham city, Pattinsons "Batman" meanders through the movie as if he were a zombie looking disinterested and deflated, this is not a superhero movie nor a movie about a hero, it should not be a movie at all.
10 I have been absolutely fizzing to see 'The Batman' from the day it was announced, but even more so from when I first heard it described as being inspired by 'Se7en' - one of my favourite psychological thrillers of all time. Were we finally going to get the raw and gritty Batman film I'd always dreamed of seeing? We certainly were.Where to begin? The biggest thing that struck me with this film was just how much time we got to spend with Batman, as Batman. There is very little of Bruce Wayne in this movie and I'm absolutely fine with that. The movie is Batman's story and we are with him from start to finish. We even get some narration from him, which I'm not quite sure how I feel about just yet. It was very good narration but I'm not sure he's a character I want it from.The Riddler in this movie is phenomenal. After The Joker in 'The Dark Knight' this is absolutely my second favourite Batman film villain. He was clearly inspired by the Zodiac killer and what an inspired choice. Also the use of the riddles in the film is nothing short of genius. These are very clever riddles and puzzles and make Batman have to do some serious detective work - something I've always wanted more of from him in the previous films.This is my favourite incarnation of Catwoman to date. I haven't loved her character's place in the films in the past. I've found she slows everything down and brings out a dull side of Batman that I haven't enjoyed. In this film though she was used perfectly. She's the love interest and a villain/anti-hero all in one. That is massive because it saves another thing that can often bog down a Batman film - the pointless love interest.The Penguin was probably the one letdown for me. From what I'd seen in the trailer I suspected this may be the case. I'm wondering if they were using this movie as a set-up for him and then in the second film he will evolve and have a lot more to do. In this one though I just found him quite a dull screen-presence.Robert Pattinson as Batman blew me away. He looked great and his voice was perfect. He was extremely intense and very menacing. Even though I knew he was more than capable of playing the role, I think I still needed to see the end product just for confirmation that he had what it takes. He absolutely did and then some.The film has quite a unique feel. There are scenes and sequences in this film that would feel out of place in both Tim Burton's Batman universe and Christopher Nolan's universe. But then there are little aspects from each of their respective films which clearly inspired parts of 'The Batman'. It basically took the best things from each of them and then twisted them into it's own style - while obviously adding a lot of its own stuff also. It's very well done in that sense.The Batmobile in this movie is awesome. There's just no other way to put it. The sound it made and the vibrations it sent through my cinema chair were bone-chilling. The chase sequence in this movie with The Penguin is one of the best I've ever seen.The film is long at just under 3 hours but it really never feels like it. There's a short period in the middle of the movie where everything slows down for a little while. That really is the only flat part of the movie however. The rest happens at a break-neck pace.It's hard to find enough good things to say about this movie. I need to see it again and digest a couple of things for a little longer, but for now I have it firmly sitting in second place behind 'The Dark Knight' in my order of favourite Batman films. 10/10.
2 To preface this review I will say when watching this in the cinemas, many people walked out. I was looking over my shoulder to see of anyone else was laughing at what cringe this movie delivers.The actors in this were one of the highlights excluding the villain (the riddler) and the Batman. Penguin was by far the coolest and best actor. Honestly a good fellas type character. All other supporting actors were also quite good. I however think Robert pattinson a horrible pick for Batman. The whole time he seems like a really awkward and sad goth kid, I was half expecting him to say "gosh get outta my room". Absolutely trash acting The riddler was even worse! He was the major cringe factor in this movie with awful and dorky video calls where he is super non intimidating and laughable. His video calls reminded me of the horror films my 15 year old class mates had made in high school, their budgets were $0.The relationship between the Batman and cat woman was my only other plus in this movie. The romance was quite sweet and had a lot of tension. They rode around In their awesome motorcycles just roaring through the town it was really cute.The bat mobile was pretty awesome but definitely very weird for a Batman film. The old classic camaro was a little spine chilling not gonna lie.Now to answer everyone's questions I do think Robert pattinson was a terrible choice for Batman for a few reasons. At first I had no qualms but watching the film made me believe he was a bad and cringey actor for the role, he just isn't a badass over masculine kinda guy, like at all. He seems awkward and it shows. His voice wasn't that great, his body was not very big nor muscular like many other batmans, heck even the joker is ripped in suicide squad. The guy is 6ft exactly but his frame is tiny and it shows next to bigger actors. The story was God awful without spoiling pretty much lots of people die, bombs go off and some personal people Batman knows get injured. Then Batman goes welp I can't be in 3 places at once I'm only human. And proceeds to get ko'd twice throughout the movie and punched lots during fights. He is by far the worst and weakest looking Batman with the worst actor to have played him. The cinematography was good and the horror feeling this brings is good but everything else was just so horrible. Did I mention this film is 3 hours long to have a crap middle and end? Well know I know!. Wow I couldn't wait for thr 3 hours to end and multiple people walked out before the film was half finished. Definitely wouldn't reccomend this garbage piece of cinema. 2/10 for me.
4 Robert P is a terrible Batman. Absolutely no Bat-charisma at all. The Riddler character is a complete bore! I hated all of this film. I certainly do not understand the good reviews. It's not close to the Dark Knight caliber. Please do not make a sequel.
5 I'm not sure how I can make my comment any more generic without offending anyone. This movie has a sub-agenda that I thought unprofessional and inappropriate and distracting from the story. Enjoy.
6 Wasn't a fan of Emo Batman. Sorry Robert Pattinson. Film was just a bit bleh and felt like it was trying too hard to emulate Christopher Nolan and David Fincher. In the end, the mystery was a bit meh and not worth the three hours of what was mostly a run-of-the-mill Superhero film lacking much excitement or thrill. The Riddler was a bit lame too. Forgotten most of the movie and characters already. Underwhelming.5.5/10.
5 Wonderfly shot. Love the serial killer type approach. Matt Reeves never disappoints with choice of color, tone and over all cinematography.That being said, the story wasnt that interesting to be honest. Nothing was surprising or intriguing and because of that, the result was a poor nonthreatening antagonistAs for character casting, Zoe Kravitz is probably the worst Catwoman. Not one Catwoman characteristic was displayed. Might as well get anyone to play Catwoman. Jeffrey Wright was surprisingly a good Jim Gordan although i have no idea when Batman had a partner lol. John Turturro just looks too goofy to pull off as some crazy mob boss/supporting antagonist. Colin Farrell was amazing 👊The greatest detective/tactician failed to do any real detective work. Solved a few riddles and off we go. Bale still #1All in all great production, good acting (especially from Pattison and Farrell). Would I recommend watching it? Yea i guess. A second time... probably not.
10 Disclaimer - This is a spoiler free reviewWorries about yet another Batman coming into the fray should be alleviated very quickly as director Matt Reeves version of the caped crusader done by the way of Seven takes hold early on and refuses too let go on its way to a well earned three hour runtime that is full of surprises, atmosphere, historical nods and artistry as Reeve's David Fincher like epic takes us on a memorable Gotham adventure that may divide casual fans, all the while becoming a new favourite for long term fans of DC Comics most famous creation.Those expecting a film similar to Christopher Nolan's duly praised Dark Knight trilogy may find themselves disappointed where Reeves is clearly taking Robert Pattinson's portrayal of the vigilante seeking Bruce Wayne, here caught up in a mysterious game run by the devious Riddler who is targeting high end Gotham figures in a series of grizzly murders, as while Reeve's film does share some similar DNA to Nolan's version of Batman (serious in tone and dark in more ways than one) this is a far less action oriented ride that relishes in the small moments as much as it does when its scattered collection of action does make its way to the forefront.Taking its inspiration from various crime/thrillers found throughout feature film history and undoubtedly featuring a narrative taken from Batman's famed detective oriented tales such as The Long Halloween, The Killing Joke and Year One, The Batman thankfully skips past bothering with yet another origin story as we find Pattinson's bruised and battered crusader of justice two years into his crime fighting life as his become a creature of the night struggling to balance being the billionaire heir his known for and the hero no one understands and by moving past these steps Reeves is allowed to fully focus on the story at hand that allows his creativity as a director and his loaded casts talents to shine.Not a household name but a director whose failed to put a foot wrong since his 2008 breakthrough with Cloverfield and then his continued success with horror remake Let Me In and his double hit of blockbuster goodness with Dawn of and War for the Planet of the Apes films, Reeves with valuable help from Dune cinematographer Greig Fraser and one of composer Michael Giacchino's best scores in years embeds every frame of The Batman with something to take in or be wowed by and the film is easily up there with one of the most impressively put together comic book films and blockbusters in general of the modern era, even if its more slow paced nature and untypical narrative may not be what certain viewers are after from this long-standing property.Also helping out the films cause in a big way is the work of all main players found within Reeve's rain-soaked affair with the likes of Jeffrey Wright as everyone's favourite policeman Lieutenant James Gordon, John Turturro as crime matriarch Carmine Falcone, the unrecognizable Colin Farrell as the very un-Danny DeVito Oz/The Penguin and Zoe Kravitz as Selina Kyle/Catwoman all putting in good work that is overshadowed by the one-two double punch of Pattinson's tormented Wayne and Paul Dano's skin crawling take on The Riddler, with the two polar opposites giving us something as memorable and close to greatness as we'd ever likely get to Christian Bale's and Heath Ledger's double act in The Dark Knight.A divisive choice early on, Pattinson proves a worthy owner of the famous character with his noteworthy work over the last few years proving to be no fluke and Edward Cullen a mere sparkling dream of yesterday and his both imposing and vulnerable here, a hard mix to get right but one he nails in all instances and while not hogging huge screen time in the overall scheme of things, Dano's work as the films main foe here is menacing, unnerving and glorious to behold with Eli Sunday being transported to the modern era sans his Bible and replaced with wide rimmed specs hidden under a hideous mask, while its a hard task to be considered as dastardly great as Ledger was in his Oscar winning role as Batman's arch rival, Dano does a job that can be considered right up there in the same league as he gives The Batman an unwieldy edge not often found in such fare.There's no question this serious and moody take on Batman's world will be compared often to The Dark Knight with many arguments sure to ensue, if you were to ask me here and now what I think, I would say its unlikely anything will ever reach the heights of Nolan's beloved game changer but this Batman comes mightily close which is some form of mighty feed indeed.Final Say -A very different type of Hollywood blockbuster that also sees Batman taken in a new and exciting direction when it comes to feature films, The Batman is an artistic and considered epic that sets in motion a tale that can't be continued soon enough.5 shades of eyeliner out of 5.For more reviews visit Jordan and Eddie (The Movie Guys)
2 I'll say it started pretty good and I liked the cinematography. But I thought it dragged on, and the social commentary on destroying "white privileged men" was ironic as that's what Batman is- a privileged white rich guy who can mascarade as a vigilante because he's rich and has all the free time to do so; and we feel for him because boo boo he's an orphan. This was a very obvious "woke" fest. I like the diversity but it's when they blatantly shove rhetoric down your throat that it starts to become cringey. Pattinson was so sleepy, like Joe Biden in a Batman suit sleepy. Joker is my favorite movie of all time and I feel like they tried to go for that but it just had too many missteps. I did like Farrell as the Penguin and the Riddler was basically Dexter the Anti-hero...
9 Detective Batman at its peak! Great storyline. Just as dark a universe as we've come to expect from DC. The gloomy, gritty, dark tone of this film is exactly what I wanted. When you think the movie is over, there's more. Beautiful cinematography. Great score.
2 I wanted to love this movie. I would have settled for hating it. Instead, I was bored for three hours.The movie is a sloppy buffet of darkness, rain, gloom, unnecessary narration, wooden acting, absurd dialogue, pointless characters, canyon-wide plot-holes, unresolved story arcs, flaccid motivation for the bad guys, hyper-fast cuts, eye-rolling detective work, conventionally choreographed fight scenes, a cinematic emo aesthetic, a pseudo-Gothic mis en scene, a complete lack of humor or light-hearted moments of any kind, no soul in the acting, unsophisticated writing, timid directing, and a fully-checked list of boxes from the superhero / vigilante cliche playbook.This is a partial list of my complaints. (If pressed, I could probably find a handful of good things to say, but they'd be far too inconsequential to bail this movie out of the depths of Meh.)Having grown up on Adam West's Batman, I've lived through the campiness, the avant-garde, the silly, the surreal, and the downright brilliant (I'm looking at you Dark Knight). There have been Batman movies I've loved and ones I've hated. There are some Batman movies my family and I quote and admire and others we make fun of while we re-watch them to revel in their captivating absurdity. This is the first Batman iteration where I was disappointed, bordering on offended at the completely pedestrian effort and the unimaginative, forgettable final product.If you're under thirteen years old, a sucker for three hours of tedious brooding, and if you don't have a bone-deep familiarity with and love of the genre, you *might* enjoy this. Otherwise, if you're a superhero fan and a true movie lover, please please please steer clear of this one!
3 I've seen campy Batman movies from Joel Schumacher, I've seen more grounded/realistic Batman movies from Christopher Nolan, and I've even seen a goofy Batman movie from Chris McKay, but there's one thing I never in my life thought I'd see...a boring Batman movie. Matt Reeves pulled off that unlikely feat with this 3-hour-long drudgery of a film. Admittedly, I'm coming at this as a person who has never clicked with the character of the dark knight. I find Batman to be massively overrated, and I struggle to see why the entire world bows down to him as if he's the greatest superhero of all time. That being said, I can still find entertainment from his stories, and rarely have outright hatred for the films (aside from when Zack Snyder directs them.)The Batman feels like a film made after Matt Reeves spent a great deal of time reading fan discussions on the internet, so it ticks a number of the boxes that I've heard comic book nerds complain about over the years. They make a point of never having Batman kill anyone. I mean, one could argue a few received head wounds that could easily lead to their death, and he caused a car crash that could easily have been fatal, but at least he's not pulling out a gun on anyone or dropping people off the top of a building. Also, all those fanboys love to talk about Batman being the world's greatest detective, so in this movie the first time we see the Caped Crusader, he's literally walking into an active crime scene. It's a ridiculous juxtaposition that made me chuckle, but I'm sure there were some people out there who wanted to applaud that moment.The other aspect of The Batman that had me chuckling when I don't think they intended anything to actually be funny was when we meet Bruce Wayne outside of the mask. First of all, there's another bit of fan service in the fact that we actually see him with black makeup smeared around his eyes. But worse than that is just the exaggerated emo goth-kid look that makes it appear that Robert Pattinson is cosplaying as Gerard Way from My Chemical Romance. There were more than a few scenes where we are looking at Bruce Wayne through a bunch of long greasy black bangs and I was wondering who thought that was a good idea. I will give Pattinson credit for not overdoing the Batman voice too much, and almost always disguising his native British accent.As I said at the start, though, the big problem with The Batman is just the fact that it's boring. The film drags on and even the action sequences feel kind of bland and lacking in memorable moments. There's one car chase that stands out as the biggest moment where I was literally checking the time, because it added nothing to the plot of the film. The entire plot is a non-stop series of tropes that feel like I'm watching someone who wants to do a Tarantino-style homage to other crime-thrillers, but without the talent of Tarantino. The story is slow-moving, and insanely repetitive. I could not believe how many times they returned to the same places and did the same things. There was a complete lack of efficiency in the storytelling, as if no one was willing to cut anything, and I felt there were entire characters and storylines that could have easily gone without hurting the story one bit.The entire movie is built around a big puzzle, which I can get behind. It started developing as though there was a genuine murder mystery for us to uncover. But as things started to move along it became clear they didn't have a reveal that would warrant all the time they spent building it up. As a side note, I think I'll be happy if I never again have to see a scene where a person is questioned about who is the big bad behind everything, and they say they can't tell because something worse than death will happen to them. This only works as a stupid stalling technique to build suspense for the audience, and if you don't have a satisfactory surprise pay-off at the end it's totally ridiculous. Needless to say, The Batman did not have said pay-off. Its biggest surprise was that it wouldn't end because they constantly had one more scene. In every way I found The Batman to be a lackluster movie that somehow made me nostalgic for the days of Schumacher.
8 Following Dr Robotnik's exile, Sonic has settled down in rural Montana with adoptive parents Sheriff Tom and wife Maddie. What follows includes Robotnik's escape, the arrival of additional alien oddities Miles "Tails" Prower, the twin-tailed fox and Knuckles, the aggressive echidna, a marriage in Hawaii, a dance-off in Siberia, mushroom machinery, a Master Emerald, some annoying military intervention, and a giant robot.That sounds like a lot, but it's pretty straightforward stuff in a plot which aims directly at a 3-part audience - kids, tolerant parents, and mature gamers with fond memories of the original games. And I think it succeeds. It's brash, colourful, fast, eventful, funny, likeable, and has some pretty good visuals.It's not Shakespeare, it's dumb, but it's great fun.
8 Sonic the Hedgehog 2 is the sequel to 2020's Sonic the Hedgehog, a film that had a rocky development, but would listen to fans and fix its incarnation to Sonic, resulting in it being well received, and breaking the Detective Pikachu movie's record as the highest-grossing video game-based movie, and the highest-grossing superhero movie of 2020.Here, while Tom and Maddie are going to Hawaii to attend Rachel's wedding to a man named Randall, leaving Sonic (voiced by Ben Schwartz) in charge of the house. However, Dr. Robotnik (played once again by Jim Carey) has managed to escape the Mushroom Planet with the aid of Knuckles (voiced by Idris Elba), whom he repays by taking him to Sonic so he can destroy him. However, just as Sonic is about to be creamed, a police car rams Knuckles, revealing Tails (voiced by Colleen O'Shaughnessy, the only VA to reprise his or her role from the video games). After finding out Longclaw left a message telling Earth is the hiding place of the Master Emerald, the one thing Knuckles seeks to restore honor to his extinct tribe (as he is the last one left).Now this is another good example of how sequels should be done. Sonic 2 is an epic film, as Sonic teams up with Tails and faces Dr. Robotnik and Knuckles. The cast from the first film returns with some new faces appearing, and the new story is awesome. Jim Carey still hams it up as the evil doctor and even Rachel gets a scene where she can be a heroine. But the best thing about this film is that it brings Knuckles back to being a serious rival to Sonic, compared to the Sega games demoting him to the role of being an idiot since the Sonic Boom cartoon. It makes me wish Sega would make notes if they saw the films, because IMHO, Paramount is basically doing Sonic better than Sega did post-Sonic Adventure 2 (it even goes as far as to give Knuckles a father, something the games would never do).However, if there are some complaints I have, it's that this movie has some scenes that are basically imitating scenes from the first film (the Siberian lounge scene reminds me of the Piston Pit scene from the first movie, only instead of a bar fight, we get a dance off), but this is a good sequel regardless. Don't pay heed to the critics bashing it and watch it if you can and see if it clicks with you.
7 Many sequels go bigger but end up being worse than the original. They lose the essence of what made the original good. That's definitely not the case here. It's much bigger but feels just like the first movie. It's on par with the original in every way, just bigger.I said this in my review of the first movie, every moment Jim Carrey is on the screen is pure gold. I wanted him to be in every scene. His facial expressions are hilarious. Whoever cast him as Robotnik is a genius. It's so perfect. I can't imagine it being anyone else.My only downsides are a few parts that don't really make sense. I chalked it up to being a kids movie but that's not really an excuse. And was I the only one who thought Idris Elba was doing something weird with Knuckles' accent? It sounded like it was switching between an English accent and a heavy New York accent, and sometimes a combination of both. I couldn't stop hearing it.I had a great time with this movie. Two out of two in the videogame genre??? That's unheard of. Keep up the good work. Maybe this is the tide turning on video game movies like it did with superhero movies in the early 2000's. I can only hope. (1 viewing, opening night 4/8/2022)
8 The first Sonic movie was surprisingly competent. This one is even better, incorporating additional elements from the games and sticking to more of an action-adventure plot. It's a kid's movie through and through (way more toilet humor this go-around), but a fun one that never takes itself too seriously. Everyone in my theater was having a great time with it.As with the original, Jim Carrey steals the show as Eggman. This man is 60 years old and yet he has more verve than I do! He's so energetic he sometimes resembles a cartoon more than Sonic, Knuckles, or Tails! While I respect his desire to retire, I do hope he holds on and does the third movie-- there would be such a void without him there.
10 I never knew there was mist in the 4DK experience that was added excitement to a wildly entertaining movie! Sonic 2 is better, bigger budgeted and way more action than part 1. This is an ultimate adventure story of friendship, goofiness, and the bad guys take it up a notch. I loved this sequel quite a bit, I like how the audience clapped at the end bit.
9 Incredibly entertaining and surprisingly sweet- Sonic the Hedgehog 2 improves upon its predecessor by expanding on its worlds and dynamic- executing itself better and better each step of the way. First off, I absolutely love the look of this film. Famously the Sonic CGI was replaced in the last film after an incredibly negative and honestly valid response for the characters original design- and consequently its secondary design could feel a bit rushed at times considering they changed the films main character for a film within 3 months. Not to say it was bad, but it was definitely noticeable how fast they had accomplished this fact before. With this film however, the CGI is absolutely fantastic. Of course I love a more well done and thought out Sonic design, but man do I absolutely love the look of Knuckles in this film and even the look of Sonic's signature sidekick Tails. The expansion of the world in the Sonic universe is also breathtaking, truly making my younger self's dreams come true by finally seeing this universe on the big screen. The film is also incredibly funny and even absurd at times, never taking itself too seriously, and remembering this is a film about a Blue intergalactic hedgehog- focused on fun and heart. Speaking of heart, the film was oddly moving and quite cute in its family sort of setting background with Marsden's returning character and I really enjoyed the dynamic they expanded upon with the human characters as well. Heck, even Jim Carrey's iconic villain seemed a lot better this time around, allowing Eggman to lose his mind, and therefore allowing Carrey to do what he does best. It has a few subpar moments, and a few ones that stick out, but in the end- I enjoyed the heck out of Sonic the Hedgehog 2 and I honestly can't wait to watch it again.My Rating: 9.1/10.
8 Sonic the Hedgehog 2 is basically everything the first Sonic movie should have been. While the first film wasn't bad per se and perfectly watchable, it was very basic and clearly limited in scope and budget. Still alright overall.Thankfully, with a sequel greenlit it feels like this time the writers and director could do much more. The CGI game characters get more of the spotlight than the Human characters, the jokes land better and there's just much more going on here that fans will recognise from the games. With Tails and Knuckles added into the roster, it adds more character dynamic and banter that fleshes them out more in the story.Robotnik also gets to shine more too thanks to Jim Carrey's performance and having more gadgets and locations to juggle with. The weakest parts of the movie are when Sonic, Tails, Knuckles, and Robotnik aren't on screen, but the scenes are still perfectly watchable and better than almost everything in the first film. There's more locations too and gimmicks to play around with in the movie as well.Without spoilers, fans will be most happy with Sonic 2 and even people who aren't a fan of Sonic will still get a kick out of it. Although this ain't saying much, I can confidently say this is the best Video Game Movie I've seen easily. It really felt like they put their soul and effort into it and kids will have a blast with this. Don't forget to stay to the end for a surprise. There will definitely be a third film coming.7.5/10.
9 A delightful follow up to Sonic the Hedgehog(2020), for anybody that are fans of Sonic, where Tails and Knuckles make an appearance, what fans have been waiting for. And it is fun film for the whole family, and has great effects and good characters, and I also like that everybody much shines here not just Sonic.Now I'll bet Jim Carrey improvised all of his lines, it's like the filmmakers just let Jim Carrey do his thing, cause I'll bet they thought it was funnier than the script. You see he's really milking it for all it's worth.
7 "Sonic The Hedgehog 2" is the sequel to the 2020 video game film adaptation of SEGA's "Sonic The Hedgehog". Starring James Marsden, Tika Sumpter, Jim Carrey, as well as the voice talents of Ben Schwartz, Colleen O'Shaughnessey, and Idris Elba, it is a decent continuation that's sure to entertain both fans of the games and the previous film.Sometime after the events of first film, Sonic (voiced by Ben Schwartz) has taken it upon himself to become a hero that others can rely on in Green Hills, Montana. After causing a great deal of collateral damage foiling a bank robbery, Sonic is forced to housesit for Tom (James Marsden) and Maddie (Tika Sumpter) while the two are attending a wedding in Hawaii. Meanwhile, Dr. Ivo "Eggman" Robotnik (Jim Carrey) has returned from the Mushroom Planet thanks to the help of Knuckles the Echidna (voiced by Idris Elba) to seek out the powerful Master Emerald, which will help them conquer the world. After learning of this, Sonic teams up with his new fox friend Miles "Tails" Prower (voiced by Colleen O'Shaughnessey) to stop both Dr. Eggman and Knuckles before they can wreak havoc with the Emerald.What I believe made the first "Sonic The Hedgehog" movie such a success was how it managed to appeal to hardcore Sonic fans while also functioning as an amusing family film in its own right. Something like this is easier said than done because various other movies based on video games have tried too hard to be as close to the original games as possible, alienating uninitiated viewers in the process. Because of how it was able to rise above this common mistake, I rank the first Sonic movie among the best video game related films of all time (although considering the lack of competition, the bar isn't exactly very high). Most of what made its predecessor work so well has been replicated here in the sequel, as it provides about the same amount of entertainment value one might expect from a follow-up.Deviating from the original, this film has a slightly darker tone since the Emerald is shown to be something that could easily destroy all of life as we know it. Because of this, we see Sonic actually treating this as a serious threat, limiting the amount of jokes and wisecracks he makes when attempting to hunt it down. This could be compared to the power of Infinity Stones in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, where their use has the potential to cause catastrophic damage if it were to fall into the wrong hands. I'm not entirely sure if this is accurate to the games since I'm only a casual fan of the series but it all seems like a typical plot device one would see when playing something related to Sonic the Hedgehog.However, things aren't all doom and gloom since that signature fun factor is still there to prevent things from becoming too bleak. Sonic, who is now joined by his good friend Tails, can be seen dancing off against foes to some catchy songs on his iPhone and snowboarding down mountainous slopes in Siberia. Scenes like these are as fast-paced and likeable as the blue hedgehog himself, elevating the film above the usual onslaught of family movie fodder designed solely towards very small children. To my surprise, Sonic now only seems to use his superspeed sparingly rather than just for the sake of it. Perhaps this was done in an effort to develop Sonic more as a character using his head instead of mindlessly speeding around, or maybe they simply didn't want to show Sonic being way too overpowered. Either way, it is an interesting creative decision.Visually, the film looks considerably better than its predecessor. Years ago, many people on the internet infamously cyber-bullied the makers of the first film into changing Sonic's look, winning out in the end with his current design. Normally I'm against this type of vitriolic attack on filmmakers but after seeing the fixed product, I'd say it was all for the best. I'm not sure how they were able to pull it off, but Sonic, Tails, and Knuckles all look well integrated into our world. Scenes where human characters were interacting with Sonic, both physically and verbally, all looked quite convincing, as though there really were an anthropomorphic blue hedgehog sitting next to them or dancing alongside them in a bar.I also like how each of the three characters' distinct colours did a clever job of representing their personality traits. Sonic's blue stands out as he confidently speeds past everybody, Tails's orange highlights his supportive nature, and Knuckles' red perfectly mirrors his angry determination. Whether or not this was done intentionally I'm not entirely sure but if it was, then it was a nice addition the film. With that in mind, it also makes it easier to distinguish each of them from a distance, especially during certain action scenes where many things were happening at once.Like last time, Ben Schwartz does a great job playing up Sonic's cocky attitude to full effect. Although he still has that streak of impulsivity, Sonic this time feels as though he is trying to make an effort to use his intellect rather than just his speed to hunt down the Master Emerald. It was also nice to hear Colleen O'Shaughnessey reprise her role as Tails from the video games, as I can't really think of any other mainstream actors capable of voicing the loveable two-tailed fox. If you enjoyed O'Shaughnessey's voice of Tails in the games, then you are sure to like how she is able to hold her own alongside the rest of the cast. Idris Elba is appropriately irritable and brutally strong as the voice of Knuckles. Elba seems to be voicing Knuckles in the vein of the MCU's Thor in his first appearance, in that he is very powerful and one track minded but ignorant to basic things like food and recreational activities.Jim Carrey's performance as Dr. Eggman was easily my favourite thing about the original film. I remember laughing out loud quite a lot at the over-the-top material the writers gave him to work with. It was almost as though the character has been personally tailored to make use of all his comedic talents. This time, he bears a stronger resemblance to his video game counterpart, complete with a bald head and comically huge moustache, and like before he steals the show in virtually every scene he is in. For a man in his 60s, Carrey still demonstrates a considerable amount of versatility and physical dexterity when playing this iconic villain. I look forward to seeing more of Carrey's version of Dr. Eggman in future Sonic films.As far as video game movies and sequels are concerned, "Sonic the Hedgehog 2" is a fun follow-up that is able to recapture what made the original a success in the first place. It isn't afraid to be goofy fun if it wants to be but it also doesn't shy away from serious moments whenever it feels necessary. If you liked the first film, then it stands to reason that you should like this one as well. Judging by the mid-credits scene, it seems there are some more surprises on the horizon so Sonic fans definitely ought to stay tuned.I rate it 7/10.
10 This one was better than Sonic 1. It had better Jokes, more violence, and better characters!! This is also a perfect kids movie, with only two adult jokes!! Jim Carrey returned for the role of Dr. Robotnick and boy did Jim Carrey over act. It had more overacting than the first one but it is funnier!! Great movie go watch it!!
9 4.5 out of 5 stars.Sonic the Hedgehog 2 is a really good action adventure film that adults and children will enjoy. It is a bigger and more epic sequel to the original. Fans of the game series will love. The story is bigger. Taking Sonic and Tails on a adventure for the emerald which Robotnik and Knuckles is after.The film does have a lot of action sequences that are bigger and intense. The visual effects are outstanding. The new characters are fun addition like Tails and Knuckles. Robotnik goes through some changes which fans of the game series will love. Especially during the climax with his giant robot battling Sonic and Tails.The cast did great with there roles. The voice talent also did good. The film does have some fun humor. And some cheesy humor which is an eye roll. With the scope of the film with its action. Story and humor. It is forgiven.The film does have a mid credit scene that sets up for a sequel. This film is one fun action packed sequel that goes bigger.
10 The wild, fun and adventurous blue hedgehog we all love, Sonic a.k.a. Blue Justice, is back in his new movie, Sonic the Hedgehog 2! This film has new character appearances, major plot twists, mind-blowing adventures, and tons of laughs throughout it. It's great that this sequel is one of those movies you can enjoy without seeing the original; however, since it refers to different scenes from the first one, you may want to watch the original first.In Sonic the Hedgehog 2, Dr. Ivo Robotnik, or Dr. Eggman as Sonic calls him (Jim Carrey), returns to Earth with a new ally, Knuckles (Idris Elba), in hopes of finding a magical gem that holds the ultimate power of the universe. All that stands in their way is Sonic (Ben Schwartz) and his new partner in crime, Tails (Colleen O'Shaughnessey). It's a battle of good and bad to see who will reach the emerald first and win in the end.The main characters are Sonic, Dr. Robotnik, Tails and Knuckles. I love how this film introduces characters from the Sonic the Hedgehog franchise and they just fit in seamlessly. One of the voice actors who surprised me is Idris Elba. His voice is the perfect match to portray Knuckle's strong and confident personality. My favorite part is when Tom Wachowski (James Marsden) and Maddie Wachowski (Tika Sumpter) are at Rachel's wedding and need to open a portal for Sonic; Tom realizes he may have mistaken the wedding ring for one of Sonic's golden rings. It adds some hilarious adventure to the wedding. Kudos to Junkie XL for keeping an "old school" feel throughout the film with songs such as It's Tricky by Run D. M. C. And Here Comes the Hotstepper by Ini Kamoze.This film sheds light on the importance of having family and friends in your life. They will always have your back and keep you on the right path in life. Sonic and the other characters experience different obstacles that teach them the true definition of a family, even if they come as friends.Sonic the Hedgehog 2 is out of this world. I rate it 5 out of 5 stars and recommend it for kids ages 8 to 18, plus adults. The "battle of the gem" takes place in theaters on April 8, 2022. Be sure to stay for the after-credits movie scene. By Tiana S., KIDS FIRST!
10 Don't believe the critic's they are still mad the first film made more then any of the Disney films that have came out in the past 3 years. Even made more then boring Encanto that some how won on Oscar. Anyways if you want a movie made for adults and children to enjoy this is the film for you. Jim Is hilarious as always. Anyways if you loved the first you will surely love this movie as well.
7 If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free thoughts, please follow my blog to read my full review :)"Sonic the Hedgehog 2 is a vastly superior sequel to the first adaptation.Jeff Fowler works with his screenwriting team to fix some of the issues with the original flick, successfully managing to create a much less corporate work, more focused on Sonic and, this time, also Tails and Knuckles, in addition to putting humans aside in a subplot that, even so, still bothered more than it should.Taking advantage of phenomenal voice acting from the cast, as well as an already iconic performance by Jim Carrey as Dr. Robotnik, entertainment levels soar tremendously as the action-adventure sequences amaze viewers with praiseworthy animation and visual effects, as well as an engaging main narrative that expands on the origin of the hedgehogs while simultaneously developing the same characters.Fun for kids and adults alike."Rating: B.
7 Sonic the Hedgehog 2 (2022) is a great sequel and might be better than the first movie.Ben Schwartz, Colleen O'Shaughnessey, and Idris Elba were all great as Sonic, Tails, and Knuckles. Sonic and Tails were great together and had a cute friendship.Knuckles was funny in how he didn't understand most things but he is tough and wants to complete his quest for the Master Emerald.Jim Carrey was still great as Dr. Robotnik/Eggman, he is still funny and gives a over the top performance that shows he is having fun with it.The action scenes are fun and awesome seeing with Sonic, Tails, and Knuckles interacting off each other. Especially the Sonic vs Knuckles fight, it is worth seeing on the big screen.The 3rd act is amazing and fun while also having Easter eggs from the games that Sonic fans will recognize and find funny. Also the different locations they go to are nicely shot.The after credits scene is amazing and will get you excited for the future of the Sonic movie series. Sonic fans will love it.The movie is fun, funny, and has epic moments that are worth seeing in the theater. The characters are likable and the human characters like James Marsden were also great and funny.
10 I just came back from seeing this film in the cinema and I had a goddamn blast with it! Sonic the Hedgehog 2 is a movie that knows what it wants to be and runs with it, resulting in a more fun and enjoyable experience than the already fun and enjoyable predecessor. I won't say much else since I want people to check it out (see the first film before though for more context) for themselves.I'll end by saying two things, bring on the third one, and please let Mario's upcoming movie be good too.
8 It's a blast filled with cringe jokes and some actually funny ones. Maybe just a bit too long but I didn't mind too much. The additional new characters in the movie were great too. What I love most is that there seems to be a lot of love and fun put in when making these films and you can see that when watching it.
7 This film is a very fun time. Sonic and Tails are a delight, Knuckles is epic and the action is great. Jim Carey's energy is amazing as Robotnik and the humour is pretty solid (although its missing the more witty humour the first had at times).However, the film is slightly ruined by the humans. Tom and Maddie are fine and are hardly in the film.But the entire film is utterly dragged down by a 15 minute sequence in the middle involving the bride raging at her wedding being crashed. When Sonic, Tails, Knuckles or Eggman don't appear for 15 minutes straight, something has gone wrong. The acting was horrendous in this scene and it was as if an awful cheesy romance film was shoved into a Sonic film.The third act regained some momentum but it started to drag on by the end. If the wedding scenes didn't happen, the pacing would be fine.Sonic becoming Super Sonic was epic, although its weird Robotnik's fate is unclear. The ending was very sweet as well.And that post-credit scene... wow!Overall, Sonic 2 is a fun time but when I rewatch it I'll be skipping the human scenes.
7 This movie definitely felt like a step up from the previous which was good but kind of just felt like a road trip movie that just happened to have Sonic and Robotinik dropped in the middle of it, this one felt more aligned with the items and locations of the games and had a lot more fanservice in it, with more action and comedyI have had a soft spot for the Sonic games, the original 2D games revolutionised 2D platformers at the time, however the 3D games always felt behind innovation though some are better than others. Sonic 06 and Rise of Lyric are definitely the worst ones, though can still be entertaining if you love hilarious glitches and super cheesy writing and scenesThis movie however is still quite good despite having a few flays, Jim Carrey's acting as Robotnik has been taken a step up on the cheese factor and now feels like a full fledged cartoon character with the dial all the way up to 10, than just Jim Carrey pretending to be Robotnik. He even feels more cartoonified than what Eggman was in most of the recent games, but Jim knows how to get into that zone and stay there because he lives and breathes that styleI really liked the addition of Tails in the movie and felt very faithful to the character, Knuckles was good too but kind of felt like he was dumbed down a little compared to the wisecracking character of the games to an extent. I also wasn't a real big fan of his African accent, but it makes sense why they made him that way. I didn't like how Tails was unconscious for almost 20 minutes with no dialogue and it felt lazy to me, like they were compensating for not having enough lines for him in a very cheap way.I did like how the Chaos Emeralds were more focussed upon in this movie aswell as the Master Emerald, and it was fun to see Sonic turn into Super Sonic at the end, though I thought they could have played a bit more with it in that scene and felt it was a bit too short and glossed over too quicklyOverall, I had a fun time with this movie and I think fans will like it a lot too, it felt more like a Sonic adventure in this one and I liked that, maybe we'll see Shadow and Amy make an appearance in the 3rd one.
9 I'm genuinely confused on why critics are going out of their way to try and review these films as if they were trying to be Gone with the Wind. For me personally I felt like this was one of the better video game movies I have ever seen. The addition of the other video game characters and only make this 1000 times more entertaining than the first one. I also felt like the rivalry between sonic and knuckles really worked and you can tell that there was a lot of animosity between the characters which was the point of their rivalry. It's not perfect, or some things with the human characters that are pretty boring and obnoxious. I just don't get why they won't make a movie about the characters from the game themselves and not try and add a bunch of side human characters to further along a less interesting plot. Other than that I really like that I really don't understand why critics are so hard on this franchise. Every complaint that I've seen about this movie they are saying that this is a cash grab for sonic. This is a sonic movie! Why would they not be using elements from the games that are related to sonic if it's a sonic movie? That's ridiculous. Same thing with Uncharted I just think critics are way too hard on these video game movies because of the stigma around them. For me... This is just as good if not better than the first one. Also stay for the credits if you're a fan of a franchise... OH MY GOD!!!
8 As a fan of the games, I had an idea of where the story was going within the first 15 minutes of the film. With that being said, the execution of the plot and writing with both new and returning characters, made the build up to the finale very entertaining and worth my time. It's a little slow at the beginning but once Tails and Knuckles join the cast, it's a thrilling race to the finish; and what a finish it is! There are some twists I didn't see coming and I won't spoil the 3rd act which is the peak of the film. Think Spider-Man No Way Home: Sega version! Yes, the 3rd act is that good and it gave me goosebumps. Very enjoyable film for fans and newcomers alike and definitely STAY for the mid-credits scene.
7 I saw Sonic the Hedgehog 2, starring James Marsden-Westworld_tv, Death at a Funeral; Ben Schwartz-Space Force_tv, Night School; Idris Elba-The Suicide Squad, Star Trek Beyond; Colleen O'Shaughnessey-The Blacklist_tv, The fresh Prince of Bel_Air_tv and Jim Carrey-Kick_Ass 2, Liar Liar.This is the sequel to the 2020 movie based on the popular video games. Ben voices Sonic, the super fast alien hedgehog that has been adopted by James. When James goes on a vacation, Ben is left to fend for himself until Jim/Dr Robotnik makes his surprising return-he was banished to another planet at the end of the first movie. Idris voices Knuckles, an Echidna alien that is searching for a powerful emerald that happens to be hidden on Earth. Idris teams up with Jim-Jim wants the emerald too-and the race is on as to who can find the emerald first. Ben has Colleen-voicing Tails-to help him. There is plenty of action and humor to keep you entertained-and lots of Easter eggs for the ones familiar with the video games-and there is a scene just as the end credits starts that fore shadows the next movie. Oh yeah, there will be a third. FYI: I don't know if it's true or not but I have read that this will be Jim Carrey's last movie-he is retiring, evidently.It's rated PG for action, violence, rude humor and mild language and has a running time of 2 hours & 2 minutes.If you liked the first one, you should enjoy this one too. I enjoyed it and would buy it on DVD.
8 Drags on a bit long though still a refinement on its prequel. Jeff Fowler established every characters into frenetic adventure for whole family. Carrey elevated his quirky villain mode. Knuckles & Tails were capably assembled with Sonic's heartfelt efforts.
8 Such a fun, great movie, tons of easter eggs for those who grew up on sonic too. Everything was perfect. This is how video game movies should be. I can't wait for more. IDRIS was amazing as Knuckles. He was so on point. The man was born to play that role. It was such a great vibe for them to get Colleen to do the voice of Tails. She is Tails. I loved all the easter eggs, the jokes. And most of all JIM. The man is a legend. If This happens to be his last movie ever. What a way to go out. He killed it. Can't wait to own this movie.
8 This was fun but a bit long thanks to the wedding that had no need in the film also unlike the first one there wasn't that much comedy but the action was really good and you gotta love jim carrey however wasn't he fat at the end of the first movie also when he is trying to out run the missiles in siberia why does he need to snow board we all know he can out them in no time felt kinda forced also one other thing that could have been left out was the bar scene it did nothing for the story or movie
i did like knuckles not knowing he was voiced by a girl but you wouldn't be able to tell in this lol and knuckles was perfect and brilliantly acted in wish we could have scene more of sonics powers also this movie could have been like 1 hour 40.20 minutes have been cut just sayin and did sonic ever get his rings back,
8 This movie rocked! Not only the kids acted great, but they were perfect for their roles: cute when they were playing it real, hard when they suffered and inspiring as rock singers. The film uses metal band shenanigans to tell the story of how young people feel and are treated by the world and how they treat each other, but it is never blunt or preachy and allows all characters to evolve. The more I think about the film, the more I like it.Also, awesome song at the end. Not really a metal fan, but even if you don't enjoy the rest of the film that much, the ending song makes it worth it.
7 I wasn't really expecting a whole lot from the 2022 comedy "Metal Lords" from writer D. B. Weiss and director Peter Sollett as I sat down to watch the movie. Why? Well, first of all I hadn't heard about the movie, so I wasn't sure what I was in for here. And secondly, then the synopsis for the movie just seemed a bit too generic for a movie of this kind. But still, I opted to watch "Metal Lords".Turns out that "Metal Lords" was actually rather enjoyable. Sure, it was somewhat on the generic side in terms of innovation and creativity for a movie such as this. But still, it proved to be an enjoyable and entertaining movie. And that was definitely a large part because of the cast and their performances. But the storyline certainly was adequate enough.Lead actors Adrian Greensmith (playing Hunter) and Jaeden Martell (playing Kevin) were rather well-cast for "Metal Lords", and they carried the movie quite well.I will say that "Metal Lords" was definitely a movie suited for me, because I've been listening to metal since I was around 11 or 12 years old or so, and been playing roleplaying games for that very same amount of time, and I am almost 47 by now. So the metal references and the Dungeons & Dragons references throughout the movie were as if tailored for my interests.I was genuinely entertained by "Metal Lords", because it was a movie that transcended being just another run-of-the-mill movie about youngsters forming a metal band and going against the mainstream. There were also good elements of friendship, love, being an outsider and not a bland face in the crowd, and such, so it was a well-rounded movie.My rating of "Metal Lords" lands on a seven out of ten stars.
8 I really enjoyed this movie, not just because I like metal but because it speaks of adolescence, of friendship, bullies, virgins, geeks, love and most importantly for me, it includes mental health as a real every day issue. Sweet movie.
9 So if I had to balance this movie in-between 2 spots it would have to be high school drama and metal music. This movie has a taste of both and it is not boring or uninteresting at all. Loved it and will totally see it again, if only for the music. Loved the acting and thought Mr. Martel is coming into his own very well. Cannot wait to see what he is in next!
10 It was almost refreshing!!! A little quirky - but lots of fun. It's not really a children's movie - it's got some mature language and elements to it - but it's fun. It's actually a refreshing change from a lot of the normal dribble! I'm giving it high praise just for being fresh!
8 It's th perfect movie for a weekend evening. It's a bit comedy, a bit drama, a bit teenage angst, a bit romcom and a lot of heavy metal noise. It also includes some great cameos from veteran heavy metal rockers.
10 I've been a metalhead for 30+ years, I've been in bands my youth... This movie hit me so hard, I cried twice. Not exactly because of what was happening on screen, but the sudden rush of memories and the comparison between my life then and now. War Pigs, man, that song also always gets me, metal anthem.The girl, Isis Hainsworth, man what an actress!
9 The 3 kids were great in this. Greensmith as Hunter was fantastic, possessed. Determined at a Metal band beyond all reason and common sense, a natural at comedy. Martell as Schlieb the ultra sincere nerd without a passion until he finds metal and drums. And Hainsworth as Emily the consumate possessed pretty girl in frump frocks that can rock a cello and Olympian javelin throw a clarinet.If this sounds good to you, watch it. I did laughing throughout the show esp. The Crusty the Clown segment...played perfectly by obsessed Greensmith and his plastic surgeon implant fondling laissez faire dad played wonderfully by Gelman.
8 This movie can be fully understood and appreciated only by a true metal fan, especially around fourty years old.The rest of you, wherever you are, just enjoy the film...
10 I thought the writing was excellent and the acting swell and everyone did a great job! Totally fun and cute and sweet all the way around! I can't believe how fun and real and stylistic the thing was! I hope to see more of this! Very cool very fun, Thank-you Mr. Netflix whoemver the people are who get these things in there!
8 Lots of references and nods to Metal and D&D. Captures the trials and tribulations of being a loser at school.Don't try to and analyze and critique this too much.....just solid fun, with some heart. Enjoy!
7 In all honesty this movie starts as a rambling, awkward mess which slowly becomes punctuated by moments of touching brilliance coming out of seemingly nowhere.Shy teenager Kevin traipses through high school all the while being dragged along by his best friend Hunter, whose dreams of becoming a metal god threaten to tear down the very two man band he's built. Together they traverse friendship, love, and most of all what it means to keep everything "Metal".While I was struggling to keep myself engaged in this seemingly flop of a movie, a poignant and well executed turn in the story made me sit up straight in my seat. From there on I was treated to what became an increasingly riveting story with characters that extended beyond the superficial.I was particularly touched with a surprisingly complex character suffering from mental illness, treated with finesse and a level of understanding that I can only surmise comes from real world experience.Overall this movie was not your typical coming of age teen rom com, and you can expect a somewhat sophisticated peek into the lives of teenagers finding their own, messy ways into adulthood and what it ultimately means to find acceptance in yourself and others.HEAVY. METAL. FOREVER!!!
10 More than a decade after School of Rock, I've liked a movie which is as genuine as it can get about rock and metal. This is a great movie for metal and hard rock lovers. Good to hear some legendary metal songs referenced in the movie. Ending is awesome. Machinery of Torment \m/
9 But beware the Justice for all TAB Book is full of mistakes. I sadly learned the record by this book...outschThe story is cool and there are 4 really cool cameos \m/The actors are great and the clichés are NOT exaggerated.
10 Oh god I had so much fun watching this! So awesome!!! Metal!!!!!! 🤘🤘🤘🤘
All those who grew up with this music will feel the same!!! I was headbanging like crazy during a teenage netflix movie!!!
10 C'mon...it's a "coming of age" teen movie. Manage your expectations here. That said, I thought it was fun and well executed. The cameos alone are worth the watch. And there was a moment in the movie where I thought "well good for him!" ...Thank you Rob Halford of Judas Priest. All in, if you've got a couple hours to kill, enjoy the last 50 years of of metal, and want to see a positive spin on the genre, give this a shot.
9 Great coming-of-age film, a story of friendship, teenage, love, illness and of course... MUSIC. Very sweet and genuine.It kind of reminded me of Deathgasm (2015), in a way, except without the horror.I will definitely see it again, to experience the character development once more, I thought it was really well done.It's not Oscar material, I get it. But as a musician myself, it's hard not to love a film like this! This is what modern kids should see, in order to get a real opinion of what music really is.
9 Being a rock/metal bassist myslef, I must declare my innate bias in favour of this movie.As a kid who grew up listening to 80s thrash metal, this move resonates very well with me. I loved the soundtrack and the cameos they pulled off for this movie.This film is just like the genre of metal, itself;You either get it. Or you don't.Fans of the genre will enjoy it on at least some level.
10 This made me want to call all my metal head friends from high school & tell them about this movie! It was a great mix of emotion & humor with some EXCELLENT familiar metal hits. I also love a good underdog flick.
9 In a generation of garbage music, it was great to see a high school heavy metal movie. Good story, nice visits from heavy metal royalty, some funny moments, and overall entertaining movie.
6 My initial feeling going into this was that it was going to be like School of Rock. It didn't take long to see that this wasn't going to be the case. Despite it being a completely different movie, it still had all of the makings and opportunity to be just as good. Metal Lords could have and should have been an instant classic. It was not.As with ALL Netflix productions, the budget is there. Therefore the production is top notch. The staffing is top notch. The cinematogrophy is top notch. The music, especially here, was top notch. The writing and pacing? Nowhere to be found. Does Netflix hire tik tokers to write this stuff, or edit it?The three main actors were great for their rolls, but the script was inadequate. I don't blame them.There were moments that were unearned like the drum kit acquisition, the romance between the two leads, the moment of cheating at the wedding party, the invitation and discovery of the cellist, the check in and escape of the recovery center. These all could have been better fleshed out, but they blew through this stuff to make room for a bully, a secondary romantic influence, a mental disorder, and an unrealistic timeline to be prepared for a live show.There was no need for a bully dynamic in this movie, plus it never got resolved. There was no need for the false romantic interest since they had the actual romantic interest between the drummer and cellist.And why, why, why do movies insist on unrealistic timelines? We're not looking for suspense in a rock movie. If they need six months or a year to get ready, let them have that. But not two weeks.I'm not sure what the sideplot with the mental disorder was either. In a different movie, this might have worked. In this movie, it made a monster out of what should have been a great character.The fast lovers dynamic was icky. These are teenagers, right? Is this how they talk and progress into a sexual relationship these days? God help us if this is accurate.I like that the movie did not just try and immitate School of Rock. I like that it attempted to investigate some of these offshoots within the teenager dynamic. I think they played on too many negative aspects painting a bleak picture of what a teenager's life looks like. These were pretty awful teens with completely absent parents.If this movie could have established a point and focused on that point, this could have been a spectacular movie. Unfortunately it dabbled in too many topics and themes and had no identity. The poor characters had no identity.I give it a 6 out of 10 for trying and almost being something good.Maybe one day, Netflix will simply sign the damn checks and stop interfering with artistic liberties. I've seen brand name directors attatched to Netflix Originsls. I know they work together. Let them work.
8 Brought me back to High School... starting a metal was def a lot like this movie. Great fun but also so much drama! This movie was a very enjoyable tale about kids trying to find their way and backed by the power of being different and metal! Will be a classic on my shelf next to my Les Paul Guitar and Marshall Amp.
10 I have been listening to heavy metal since my formative years. And I mostly felt like hardly anyone listens to metal nowadays, nobody appreciates this great genre of music. Previously pop songs also sounded like hair metal, now it doesn't sound the same.I went through similar things through high school and university being a metal head myself. So the 10 star rating is for the way it made me feel.\ /
Keep supporting \m/
6 When outcasts Kevin (Jaeden Martell) and Hunter (Adrian Greensmith) decide enough is enough and are going to become the raddest metal band the world has ever laid eyes on, they discover they have a few problems. First, they need a bass player. Second, they need to win the Battle of the Bands. When they recruit Emily (Isis Hainsworth), who is a cellist, the new trio has now formed an unstoppable trio that is ready to take the world by storm.Director Peter Sollett did a good job of creating a coming-of-age film with the backbone of a Behind the Music feel. You see how the three main characters are faced with life changing incidents and how they overcome them. With DB Weiss on as writer, I wouldn't expect a film like this considering his previous producing credits. The writing and directing teams collaborated to create a film that holds the viewer's attention while flying by.The film's killer soundtrack pushes the narrative throughout. Each song works in unison with what's going on in the film and even blends with the band members' rehearsals. The biggest technical strength is the editing of the music to the instruments. This may even be chalked up to the actors putting in the work to learn the songs. Even if they are stand in musicians, that just shows the editing is doing convincing work to deliver a true rock feel.Jaeden Martell is the workhorse in the film. He carries the dramatic tones of the film while still delivering the comedic beats. Adrian Greensmith has a tough as screws mindset and is the driving comedic force in the film. Isis Hainsworth teeters on the brink of rage, ready to burst at the slightest inconvenience. For me, Joe Manganiello is the highlight of the film. A small role that doesn't overpower the cast but leaves a lasting impression.When you hit the later stages of the second act, this film really drops off. The overall story structure is not breaking any new ground, so you would hope things stay consistent throughout. Thankfully, the film redeems itself and finishes strong with a third act that wraps things up. Some jokes feel forced, and things are done just for the sake of doing them.Metal Lords knows its audience and delivers when it counts. In the age of direct-to-streaming films, you're going to get a lot of films that feel rushed and just put out there. The careful attention to the musical details is what sets this one apart. This is a good way to have a rocking good time with laughs along the way.
7 If you're a metal fan this will give you a few laugh out loud moments but otherwise it's fairly standard high school romcom 'battle of the bands' fare. Inevitably I found myself thinking of Jack Black (school of rock) as the die hard Hunter (Greensmith) incessantly goes into ecstatic monologues about how they will dominate all with their band. The love story plot isn't bad - although, a little 'Grease' with the 'good girl turned bad' trope - but you can't help rising to the theme and going all in as Panteras 'I'm broken' is deployed at just the right moment (enjoy!). Add in some surprise metal guest appearances and a few really well executed slapstick jokes and this is really ok for a few laughs but sadly falls short of the 'file under classic' it might have been.
7 Don't come into this expecting nonstop action and thrills. What we have here is a ponderous, character-driven Cold War style espionage film that takes it time telling its intriguing story and has a satisfying payoff.I was happy that some of the twists have much more depth than at initial glance and feel more natural than a lot of shock value storytelling. Pine and Newton do most of the heavy lifting and fit their roles well. Pine gives off some serious elder Brosnan vibes here and I'm here for it. The story ends up being quite heartfelt and bypasses most of the cliches that plague the genre.The people complaining about how confusing it is clearly did not pay attention because every prior moment of intrigue is explained by the end.
7 Definitely a 7 or more. Right now showing a 6 is very underated. Great acting by both Newton and Pine. Keeps you interested throughout. I'd recommend for sure.
8 Flashbacks are numerous but easy to follow because the characters look markedly different. Good spy thriller with stellar acting and a couple of good, though expected twists that will still keep you guessing until the final revelation. There is zero action so look elsewhere if you're looking for a Bond escapade. Nice direction, cinematography and despite the slow pace, never boring. Pine, Newton and Pryce do some nice work here. Highly recommended!!!
6 Greetings again from the darkness. Thanks to James Bond, Jason Bourne, and Ethan Hunt, we've grown accustomed to globetrotting action-packed thrillers in the spy genre. But of course, there is the flip side: the quiet and unheralded work done by intelligence agents ... those who typically use their brains more often than their fists or guns. Director Janus Metz (the underrated BORG VS MCENROE, 2017) has based his film on the 2015 book by Olen Steinhauer.It's 2012 and we are inside the Vienna station of the CIA as the agents meet to strategize their response to a terrorist act - the hijacking of Turkish Alliance Airline Flight 127. The team is unable to prevent tragedy, and it's clear this is a case that will stick with them. Eight years later, the station chief (Laurence Fishburne) calls Henry Pelham (Chris Pine) back in to let him know that on orders from Langley the case has been re-opened. The terrorist behind that hijacking has been recently captured and disclosed that he had a CIA mole inside the Vienna station. Henry is to re-interview everyone involved to uncover the double-agent.One of those interviewed is the former supervisor played by Jonathan Pryce. He's now retired, and Henry forces him to go back through all details, some of which are uncomfortably personal. But that doesn't compare to how personal the next interview hits. Celia (Thandiwe Newton) was not just Henry's fellow agent, but also his lover. She has since left the agency and is living a pleasant family life in stunning Carmel-by-the-Sea, perhaps the most picturesque coastal area in the U. S. Chris Pine gets to look really cool driving a convertible over Bixby Bridge.Director Metz works in numerous flashbacks to the relationship between Henry and Celia, and it's through these that we come to understand their connection and the type of people they are. But ultimately, it's their meeting at the fancy restaurant with the breathtaking view that serves as the key to the movie and the story. In fact, because their time sharing a table and wine is so substantial and critical, it could easily transition to a stage play. It's a high-level game of cat-and-mouse between two beautiful and smart characters. You may know where it's headed, but it's unlikely you'll know how it will get there.It's easy to see this being a popular streaming choice as the characters and setting are easy on the eyes. The deeper questions asked here are what to do when a loved one isn't who you thought they were. Also, can you trust those trained to not trust others? As previously stated, it's a bit of a different spin on the spy genre - less action/thriller and more character study.Streaming on Prime Video beginning April 8, 2022.
12 April 2022 All the Old Knives is a genre movie trading on the John LeCarre-like tropes of intrigue and betrayal but with more of the latter and less the former. CIA agent Henry Pelham (Chris Pine) investigates the the successful hijacking of a Turkish airliner in a Vienna airport by jihad terrorists in 2012 with over a hundred people murdered-- suggesting a mole within the CIA ranks.The pace is deliberate, slow if you will, allowing director Janus Metz and writer Olen Steinhauer (from his book) to linger on protagonist Henry and his former love, Celia Harrison (Thandiwe Newton), a retired agent who worked for the agency at the time of the hijacking. The film dwells on their intimate conversation and lovemaking with closeups too many even for me, who usually gains insights from such intimacy.The emphasis leaves too little time to be caught up ordinarily in plot twists and distracting clues. Even the least sophisticated viewer will not miss Jonathan Price's Bill Compton as a possible red herring for the mole-the conventions of this genre don't allow an obvious suspect that early in the game.The plot, then, misses the richness of spy mechanics and twists that point everywhere and nowhere-always an anarchic joy keeping cinephiles engaged.When the plot devolves into Henry and Celia at a Carmel restaurant by the sea with free-range bacon and only wine, their intimate conversation struggles about who is the culprit and whether the two still love each other. It exhausts with their mooning, her cliche-required tears, and their lovemaking, which is gratuitous.However, the virtue of this approach is to allow the film's theatrical quality to emerge and treat theatre lovers to tight dialogue and pent-up passion. However, if emphasis had been placed on deconstructing the possible perps, the mystery would have crackled. Other engaging characters are plentiful in All the Old Knives but not used.Although that Carmel restaurant is as glamorous as the leads (even if constructed on a sound stage in the UK), it occupies almost half the film, loading us with flashbacks and incompetent waiters, none of which is fleshed out enough to be suspicious. Rest assured that ends are tied up and spy justice administered with a twist on honor to get your attention.Betrayal is the name of the game and has always been for the spy agencies and their operatives. Here not only does the mole betray his country, but our two heroes also have a history. For those related to agents, betrayal is an everyday game of what the agent really does.For the audience, a certain amount of action while still offering potent dialogue is welcomed in spy stories, some of that in All the Old Knives. But don't ask me about that title: It's as inscrutable as the story is much of the time.I'm happy for the challenge at this low season for movies after Oscar.
8 This spy thriller is more about spy-relationships with hardly any thrills. It's a very slow burn, and I can see how many would become impatient. I'm also not a fan of timeline back and forths, and this has many, and more than just two timelines. However, although not perfect, the timelines are what kept me intrigued to continue to watch, as they revealed small pieces of the puzzle throughout. The reward at the end is worth it imo, I just wish the felt-longer 101 min runtime with slow pacing had been shorter and faster. Huge credit goes to Pine and Newton for their exceptional performances, and another reason why I didn't throw in the towel mid-way, plus adding Fishburne and Pryce into the mix was a bonus. So if you don't go into this expecting a James Bond action spy thriller, and have the patience, you may enjoy it once it reaches the end. All the Old Knives had sharp performances, but the story-telling was dull and needed much sharpening. It's a 7.5 rounded up to an 8/10 from me.
7 Slow boil thriller. Moves at a deliberate pace over two timelines. A solid cast and story. Just as things get predictable, a third act plot twist adds to the story intrigue.
8 Bottom line is that All the Old Knives is a really fine and absorbing movie. I recommend it, no hesitation. The rest of what I have to say about it just fills in details.Spy thrillers on the screen seem to fall into two categories. The first and by far the most numerous is the James Bond path: fill the screen with action and when in doubt, add in more car chases, hand-to-hand fights, and explosions. These efforts can be extremely well done and give you a great thrill ride and if that's what you want, there's no lack of choices out there. But the generic problem with those was nicely nailed by that very wise writer Ursula Le Guin: if the only thing going on is unceasing physical action, that's a sure sign no story is being told. (Or words to that effect -- I had trouble finding the exact quote.)So then we have the second category: the John LeCarre camp. Much rarer and ultimately more interesting. Sylistically the daddy of all of these is The Spy Who Came In From the Cold (1965, starring Richard Burton and Claire Bloom). All the Old Knives is spookily close to a modern version of that. Chris Pine and Thandiwe Newton play now-retired intelligence officers tasked with getting to the bottom of an 8-year-old unsolved mystery: what went wrong with the way their agency dealt with the infamous Flight 127 in Vienna, taken over and destroyed by terrorists? Was their a mole among them, and who? The story gets laid out for us in flashbacks and replays of their memories (and sometimes flashbacks within the flashbacks), bit by bit.Here's a spoiler for free: there's not a SINGLE car chase, fight, or explosion. Not one. (There is one gunshot.) This is grittier, realer, and tenser. If you think this is boring -- here, have a lollipop. Go away and let the grownups watch it.The two stars Pine and Newton virtually carry the whole movie, with a bit of help from veterans Laurence Fishburne and Jonathan Pryce in supporting roles. But they are all excellent and the dialog is impressively realistic, constantly engaging. Following the twists and turns is not meant to be easy, I think, but the scenes connect seamlessly and flow beautifully. Is there a message underneath it all? It's never said out loud, but I think it is just that in this spy business, everybody taking part -- sooner or later, right side or wrong side -- loses. Be prepared to have a mix of feelings by the end.
7 The movie has all the good accessories: sleek production, atmospheric mise-en-scene, glossy photography, powerful soundtrack.But it's the excellent screenplay (from author Olen Steinhauer) and acting performances that make All The Old Knives a high quality espionage thriller, one made of the good old stuff.For once the genre is not represented in movies by the usual kiss-kiss bang-bang, car chases, fistfights and the whole James Bond enchilada. This is espionage for connoisseurs.
7 I found this worth watching even though it makes no sense -
1) Henry was poisoned BEFORE he confessed making the whole charade pointless.2) Vick sent Henry to interview Bill whilst suspecting that Henry was guilty. This would have given Henry every incentive to kill Bill and pin it on him and so it makes no sense.3) The fact that Henry had a hitman ready to kill Celia makes no sense given what he had already done to protect her and means that his most logical move would be to kill Bill and claim that he had confessed (see 2)
2 When you see the Amazon Original logo on a movie, it usually serves a warning. You're going to get a slow moving film with lots of slow panning camera shots, cinematography ridden with lens flares, mist filter lighting and lots of closeups of the actor's faces with the rest of the scene blurred out in the background.For once though, at least the color grading was nice.The movie starts off somewhat intriguing, mostly due to Chris Pine, who seems to have prematurely entered the Neeson / Travolta Geezer teaser phase of his career after a few high profile misfires. But the plot quickly unravels as the narrative loses focus and becomes bogged down in cell phone records and endless flashbacks to the two main character's relationship. This is the core of the story, and it's supposed to lay the groundwork for the big reveal at the end, but the two leads have little to no chemistry, the love scenes and romance has no spark, and therefore the entire emotional core of the story falls apart.As the plot meanders on from flashback to flashback, it becomes more and more ludicrous. Never mind that the CIA would never allow lovers working in the field like this, no one except Laurence Fishbourne feels like a CIA agent. The side characters are just window dressing with the exception of Johnathan Pryce, who get show off his acting chops in one scene.The response to the hijackers is ludicrous, as is the entire story about how the Germans or Austrians don't want to release 5 prisoners. Ridiculous. Neither of these countries would risk a plane full of people being killed on the internet over 5 prisoners they could easily track after release. Never mind that they don't actually hold high profile terrorists in those countries.Even more ridiculous is the plot about the Informant in Russia, naturally an entirely innocent man.This is where the obligatory amazon wokeness comes in. Aside from one, the white characters are all either corrupt or killers. The non-white characters are predictably flawless and blameless. And of course the Russians are portrayed as pure evil again.Even more ridiculous is a line about a character dying in Iran because they don't have medicine there due to western sanctions. Who writes this garbage? Iran has better medical care than most middle eastern nations and a life expectancy of 77 which is higher than most East European nations and only 2 years lower than the US. Sanction against Iran don't even include medical products.As mentioned the portrayal of the CIA is ludicrous as well, presenting them like some incompetent squad of hobbyist hitmen who sell out innocent informants at a whim and kill their own agents in elaborate theatrical setups over a phone call instead of bringing them in for questioning.What good is there to say about the film? Some of the acting is good. The color grading is nice to look at for once. And it's not 2 hours, though the slow pace makes it feel longer.
4 Here we have another streaming movie that stinks of direct-to-video quality. It's extremely boring with 95% of the movie being conversations between two characters. It's listed as a thriller which is a huge lie. This is a mystery which is somewhat predictable. And much of it doesn't make sense if you think about it for more than a second.This movie isn't horrible. I was somewhat intrigued and I like the cast. But this is another streaming movie snoozer. (1 viewing, 4/10/2022)SPOILERSI guessed that he was the mole so early, when he asked to be the one to do the interrogation. But it was a throwaway guess that I forgot about until the middle of the movie when someone says "it could be you." At that point I remembered my original prediction and was sure of it.At least that's only the first of three twists. The second one was surprising but, when you think about it, makes no sense. They said that two different people corroborated that he's the mole and "that's good enough for me." They said that Elyas gave up his name. So why this whole elaborate reverse-interrogation plan? She says it's for confirmation... but they already poisoned the wine. So I ask again, why go through this whole ordeal? And what if he knew it was a sham and ran? Or did something crazy like... oh I dunno, hire a hitman to kill Celia... which he did. It's really dumb.The last twist about him doing it to save her was pretty cool, but at that point I had basically given up on the movie.
7 Where the complicated strings of life in the shadowlands of spying at each other, ultimately leads to the fall of a king or chessmate or chest mate and good night...an unusual tight , extremely dusk, grey and dark spythriller, not as action filled as ''spy games'', but eventually pretty decent try on a genre that hasnt been overflowing the market lately. Its got pieces and bits of material from 70 and 80's classics, like ''sting'' and ''the mole'', and the story is pretty tense to follow.A bit slow on plot speed, and some lack on prescicionediting, its overflowed with decent filmatographic and dramaturgic cleverness, and the surprises never seems to end. A bit dull is the musical score, and the acting never reaches the upper cut, but entertaining it is. So without blood and gore and heavy shootouts, the grumpy old man recommends this kinda spy chess.
7 The lives of Henry Pelham and Celia Harrison changed forever with the tragic deaths of 120 people in Flight 127 in Vienna, Austria. Henry and Celia were working in intel at the time, and they failed to prevent the atrocity perpetrated by terrorists."All the Old Knives" juggles two unresolved questions. The first is the quest to understand who was a mole in the office of Henry of Celia. The turncoat was feeding critical information to the terrorists during the standoff. The second issue is the romantic connection between Henry and Celia. What specifically happened to lead Celia to break off ties with Henry, leave the CIA, and move to Carmel-by-the-Sea?Despite the often sluggish flashback sequences, the film was successful in juggling the two narrative strands. The dialogue was intense in the protracted restaurant scene where the two former lovers sought to reconstruct the past.The filmmakers took a chance with a melodramatic ending that didn't quite ring true. For two high-level investigators, Henry and Celia really didn't communicate very well with each other. Still, there was good chemistry between the actors and some crisp dialogue in what can only be described as a romantic, espionage potboiler.
7 All the Old Knives is a film you watch when you're scrolling through the channels and nothing is on. The R-rating is strictly for the sex scenes, which were unnecessary, because this film calls upon the viewer's imagination with many plot elements implied so spelling out those scenes in detail is contradictory to the approach of telling the story. The screenplay and novel author Olen Steinhauer is also responsible for the fantastic series Berlin Station and if the author had more time and money to produce a longer film(maybe 3 more hours) All the Old Knives might have been a better production. All the Old Knives is average, middle of the road, meh, but.....if you truly want a better experience, pay strict close attention to all the characters and the small elements that are introduced throughout the film - which are many.
7 It's an interesting story that unfortunately never rises to great interest. It follows the "Deep State" mind set about spydom. Hints of LeCarre and Deighton here and there, but it never gets that smart. A couple go to a fancy Restaurant in Carmel and it's empty? Our super spy(s) don't smell a rat? The whole story hinges on what happened on a hijacked plane, and we see next to nothing of that.Why do film folk always discuss the most hush hush stuff in a restaurant?Why is the CIA in charge of a hijacking in a European country?Why can't the NSA figure out ASAP who is on the phone to who?
4 Firstly, the soundtrack is SO over the top. There needs to be a no-music version so that intelligent people aren't flooded with stupid melodramatic sounds.Here we have Chris (do I look like Brosnan?) Pine and Thandiwe (I'll show you my tits) Newton, who isn't aging as well.The story might have been fine in capable hands, but this cheapie with poor acting sort of plods along and you can tell by how long there is to go whether there is something else evolving to not care about.It's a straight-to-DVD calibre of movie that would be a time filler on a (very) long flight.
3 Really, it's not that good. It's a gratuitous affair wrapped in a who done it mystery, with a table turner twist on top for good measure. Has some big time name actors, that's about the only draw this film has, not only CP carrying but basically a CP+TN duo carrying, with contributions from a handful of others. That's about the only draw this film has, otherwise, does not seem like that much interesting, new ground covered.
2 I could watch Chris Pine and Thandiwe Newton reading the newspaper but still I struggled to stay awake through this film. If you need to get to sleep, put it on.
5 Not sure if it was the writing or the direction but this film was a letdown. Good cast. Cinematography was amazing. All wasted with a weak story and bad ending. An ending that leaves you disappointed and annoyed.
4 I didn't find this to be very engaging. Let me be clear on this; I'm really tired of gratuitous sex scenes. It's not as appealing as directors might think. It's uncomfortable and unnecessary. This movie needed better writing and a little um...I don't know... action. The long monotonous droning soundtrack was tiring.
3 So if you want a 90 minute sleep here's your chance.Overuse of flashbacks leads to the very confusing nature of the film. The use of some good British actors is diluted by them speaking faux American. It is very ponderous, with minimal suspense, thrilling moments are non existence. Overall the film is dull and offers no moments of excitement, just a state of confusion.
4 The story is so bad. You just feel like your watching two people at a wine bar yapping on for most of the film. Really tried to be an intelligent spy film and failed miserably. The worst episode of Homeland is better than this.
5 Much too many flashbacks make the film confusing to follow. Otherwise All the Old Knives may have been more appealing to the viewer if telling the story straight forward.
9 Haven't read the book but this movie's one hell of a screenplay. Plot keeps you hooked till the end. Fabulous work by entire cast and excellent direction. A not-to-be-missed subtle yet powerful spy-espionage film.Now about the underlying premise, the politics of war, hatred, revenge, justice... it's leaves you frustrated, helpless. We all know the unfairness but that doesn't lessen the pain.
3 Movies like Venom and Morbius need to be Rated R. They would be significantly better if they weren't restrained. And we've now seen multiple highly successful Rated R superhero movies (Deadpool, Logan). I'm BEGGING the movie studios to have the courage to go all out.But that's far from the only reason this movie failed for me. Venom was still awesome as a PG-13 movie. So why didn't I love this? I love superhero movies. I love vampire stuff. This should have been a layup for me. It didn't even have to be good. Entertaining and cool would have been enough.Unfortunately this movie is a complete mess. It's poorly made in most aspects. The story is disjointed, the dialogue is basic, the character depth is barely there, the relationships are superficial. But all of this could be forgiven if you just give me awesome, entertaining action scenes. My friend put it best: "The action was gibberish." You couldn't see anything.I really tried to like this movie. I tried forgiving the poor quality in hopes of some mindless entertainment. But it never came. And the climax/conclusion has zero impact.The only things that stood out to me as positives are one early action scene, and the visuals during the action scenes. The action itself is terrible, but the effects during some of the slow-mo shots are visually appealing.After a fantastic start with Venom (8 stars) and Spider-verse (8 stars), the Sony Marvel side universe has faltered with Venom Carnage (5 stars) and failed with Morbius. Please do better. I know you are capable of making great movies. (1 viewing, opening Thursday 3/31/2022)SPOILERS (also for Spider-Man: No Way Home)The mid-credits scenes are... puzzling. They show the sky-splitting effects from No Way Home, and the Vulture transfers to the Sony Marvel universe. I can't come up with any logical reason this would happen. In No Way Home, they sent everyone back to their universe of origin. But for the Vulture, that's the MCU. So why would he switch?On top of that, they have this super weak Sinister Six setup. And it doesn't flow with where the character Morbius is at the end of this movie. He seems to be "a good guy," but now he wants to join a villain gang? I guess you could argue that they're not know to be a villain gang at this point, but as a viewer it doesn't feel right.1) The post credit scene in Venom Carnage teases us with the possibility of beast Tom Hardy as Venom vs MCU Spider-Man.2) Immediately followed by a middle finger to the fans when No Way Home cancels that possibility by sending Venom home.3) Now this Morbius mid-credit scene debacle.I have to ask, what were they thinking?
10 This is a masterpiece. I loved the scene where Morbius said "it's morbin' time" and he morbed all over the bad guys. I want to leave this review with a quote:
"Morbius is peak cinema. #morbiussweep"
-Martin Scorsese.
6 "Morbius" is an Action - Adventure movie in which we watch Dr. Michael Morbius, a biochemist trying to find the cure behind an extremely rare blood disease. He infects himself and he is completely changed by it.I have to admit that I do not understand the reason behind the low rating of this movie. I am not saying that it's a masterpiece and it does not have any flaws but it does not also worth that low rating. I can understand that it's small duration didn't help the main character to evolve and I believe that there was not enough time for the end of it. The interpretations of both Jared Leto who played as Dr. Michael Morbius and Matt Smith who played as Milo were good and their combination worked very well. To sum up, I have to say that "Morbius" is a nice, entertaining action movie and I recommend you to watch it because I am sure you will enjoy it and I advise you to lower your standards before watching it otherwise you will be disappointed.
6 Entertaining and very atmospheric, Morbius manages to serve up yet another helping of campy superhero indulgence despite many little flaws. I'll start off with the problems I had with this film- that mainly being its blatant editing and CGI. I know many people say this about a lot of superhero films, but coming from a horror lovers perspective- as well as fitting the atmospheric and tone Life director Daniel Espinosa seemed to pair within it- this movie really should have been rated R. It feels like Sony really did censor and edit this one as much as they could have, with the blood and violence being as limited as possible. It takes away from the experience as a whole, one moment in particular where a man acts like his throat is cut open but there is LITERALLY NOTHING THERE. Unsurprisingly, as with the case with a lot of films like this, the CGI can be a bit overused at times. For the most part I liked the look of vampire blood hungry Morbius taken on by Jared Leto- but other similar CGI and at times that CGI itself can feel a bit too ugly and forced for comfort. The fight scenes towards the end in particular are also overdone with CGI, and I just really wish Sony would have let the people working on this film give some life to the project instead of worrying about its box office gross. I know i've complained a lot so far, but in terms of a film- I oddly did enjoy this one for the most part. Sure it's messy, Matt Smith's character is a bit over the top and it has some formulaic moments- but it is a very entertaining film. Leto and Arjona give their all to their performances and it has a lot of cool ideas and concepts that are interesting to see fleshed out on screen- particularly with Morbius in particular as he begins to learn how to control himself. There's a lot of humanity hidden beneath the surface in this film though, even with some formulaic moments, there's a lot of depth and heart put into the titular character and it really allows you to empathize both with the film's story as well as Leto on screen. In the end, I enjoyed Morbius- it is far from perfect but it was a solid superhero endeavor and I'm curious to see what they may do with this character next.My Rating: 6.3/10.
4 Weird and confusing camerawork, un relatable characters, soulless and generic.Sony needs to pay more attention at their SpiderVerse or give up the rights to Disney.One of the worst CBM in the last years.
1 I collected comics, specifically Marvel/Spider-Man. Spidey was my favorite and this character, Morbius, was one of my favorite to battle Spider-Man. This aside, I won't bother presenting my detailed autopsy of this travesty. I will say that they strayed too far from the original story and made things convoluted. Why couldn't they just keep it simple. Instead they went off the rails with a ridiculous script. They took a rich and vibrant comic story and took a giant dump on it.
5 Dangerously ill with a rare blood disorder and determined to save others suffering his same fate, Dr. Morbius attempts a desperate gamble.While at first it seems to be a radical success, a darkness inside him is unleashed.Will Morbius succumb to his mysterious new urges.....You know when a studio knows that a film may be in trouble, when they plaster the Marvel name everywhere on the poster, just in case nobody knows who Möbius is. And this film is a lot of trouble.It's nowhere near as bad as a lot of reviewers have said, but its the same as saying a hammer to the foot is better than the hand. It's clunky, unfunny, and worse of all, boring.Leto looks so uninterested with his character, and lacks the oomph that Möbius needs. Yes, whilst he is in vampire form, it's undeniably pretty cool to look at, but its all CGI and only took a green screen and Leto wearing a few ping pong balls. So Leto is a major problem, he's a good actor, and has been in some fascinating films, but this is him just phoning it in.The rest of the cast are okay, Smith is really chewing the scenery with his Milo, and whereas in other films he would grate like Ruby Rhod, he brings some much needed life to the film when he's ever in it.The nods to the MCU are so in your face, that it makes you wonder if the studio thought the audience would forget it's in the MCU. There is a daily bugle, and then the end credit sequences that are only there just to reiterate to the audience that they are watching another MCU film.The boat is named the Murnau a nod to Nosferatu, Möbius uses his lab like a gym, a reference to The fly. This just makes you want to watch those films, because they are infinitely better.And if the slow motion was taken out of this film, it would only be fifteen minutes long, there is that much in this film.It's too dark to be camp, too self-absorbed to be funny, and this is what the film desperately needs.It's one of those films that you will go back to again and again, just for the 'what the' factor.It's not the poorest comic book movie ever made, the remake of Fantastic Four holds that crown, but it's on a par with Superman 4 and Batman & Robin, rubbish, but for some reason you can't help but watch it every once in a while.
3 This is an early review. There are no plot details (spoilers) here, however if you want to go in completely clean, then skip the rest of this review. Not that there is anything to reveal.The basic set up as depicted in the trailers and advertising is that Michael Morbius is a doctor in the Marvel Universe who is afflicted by a rare and gruesome blood disease. Setting out to find a cure for himself and others of his ilk, he winds up becoming a vampire and proceeds to go head first into adventures in the same vicinity of Spider-Man. This is all in the marketing material that has appeared over the past two years.Speaking of the trailer, there is zero connection to other Marvel movies nor the MCU in this film. Essentially everything you saw in the trailers does not exist in this movie. Like at all. This is studio executive meddling and false advertising at its pinnacle.In terms of technical filmmaking, this is a mess. The action is a disaster. It harkens back to the disastrous comic book entries from the days of yore, a la the horrific Fan4stic, X-Men Origins Wolverine, Thor2 and Green Lantern. It's just one messy CGI PG13 cut scene after another. I don't know if the director, Daniel Espinosa or the studio are to blame, however, given the fact that Tom Rothman, the Perpetrator in Chief of Sony, was also head of 20th Century Fox back when they were churning horrific movies, my money is that the disastrous production that is Morbius is to be blamed on Tom Rothman and his henchman suits at Sony.
6 6/10 - I don't know what all the fuss is about with this one when the quality matches that of either Venom movie and while I didn't love the visual design of the vampires, I thought the cinematography, VFX, sound design, and Adria Arjona (who is now on my "Actors to Watch" list) really elevated the relatively weak story.
3 Dr Michael Morbius(Jared Leto, playing the role fairly lowkey, perhaps to avoid reminding people of Juggalo Joker. ...I mean, he's playing a vampire. Just saying, iIt's not unreasonable to expect some ham) has a rare blood disease. He figures that the answer is bats, and tests it on himself. Let's be honest, who of us wouldn't do that, in that situation? Of course, it goes wrong and he becomes a creature of the night, which is a slight upgrade from merely dressing, talking and moving like one.I am at this point slightly concerned that I may have made this sound more interesting, complex, and unconventional, than it actually is. In a lot of ways this feels like it should have come out 15 to 20 years ago. It's been in development for that amount of time, so maybe they just didn't do that much to change it anytime recently, to keep it up-to-date, since this is a subgenre that has evolved tremendously in that time? Without a doubt if this had come out one to two decades ago, we would be looking at it as a product of its time, rather than something that is completely out of date. It still wouldn't be good. Not even close. But we'd be going easier on it than we, rightfully, are now.Clearly Matt Smith is enjoying himself. And his enthusiasm is infectious. For a while I was thinking, "it doesn't really fit with the rest of what's on screen but it is fun watching him metaphorically dance all over the place". And then he started doing that literally. On more than one occasion. In separate scenes. The action is decent, although the meh, and at times possibly unfinished, special effects do make it harder to make out. This was clearly trimmed down, and a lot of the things we were excited about from the trailers are either majorly altered or a scene that is now just a clip with narration.I recommend this to those who miss the bad old days of the first Ghost Rider flick. 3/10.
7 FIRST OFF: I scrolled down through some of these reviews, I understand, and agree with some of the criticisms I see about this film, others.. well I can just see you really want Spidey & Company back at Marvel & I do believe it does help cloud the judgement just a bit & I get it, now am I saying this movie is perfect? NO. Is it good? Well, no. But it's okay. To go to the extreme that this movie is the second coming of Fantastic Four (2015) is an extreme to me, and If you disagree, you are entitled to your opinion, but I will just advise you to go rewatch it again.Morbius is a cool little movie, that I see as a bigger risk than any of the previous spider-man related projects it has dropped, while I, being a comic reader for most of my life wasn't jumping for joy when it was announced, I threw my respect for trying it at least. The product was what I pretty much expected; the films' story does what it can with what very little it has to work with, it's not groundbreaking, but I will say I was able to look through it's basic dialogue, and story errors to see great performances from both leads (Leto, Smith) The CGI, I believe was worth my price of admission, and I RARELY mention that as a positive on any review, I was pretty impressed and had no reason to be. The action scenes are really cool, have some fascinating shots, and feel somehow immersive, leaving me with this feeling like I almost was there seeing him experience some of the beauty in some powers. There are a few moments that story wise you will scratch your head or ask yourself if you missed something & I believe I fault that on the runtime and I also question what may have been left on the cutting room floor as I had noticed a couple of scenes from the trailer missing from this movie, which I really hope didn't happen but I understand this is a typical studio decision, even though 2 hours is average for a blockbuster. An additional, and final criticism I do share with some is that this absolutely should've been rated R, no question about it, and it probably would've hit better, but then again the budget cut would've probably gave us worse looking CGI.At the end of the day, check it out if you're thinking about it, if you're on the fence, just don't.The real lesson is... Film Studios.
8 Michael Morbius(Jared Leto) a doctor who is slowly dying from a rare blood disease, struggles to find a cure, when he thinks he has, but things work a little too well, until he discovers there's more supernatural to it, then he could have imagined.It was entertaining, but to much feels taken out, like it was supposed to be R rated, but they decided at the last minute decided to take out most of the violence in order to get a PG 13. Everybody plays there roles pretty well. Jared Leto does alright has Morbius, but the film itself is pretty cliched, but still fun and entertaining, and if that is all you want then Morbius does deliver.
7 Well movie start with a good note and it keeps you gripping throughout the time. Action sequences are mind-blowing specially the vfx are actually very better. Jared Leto was so perfect in Morbius role as well as the other cast perfoms well. Story was simple not that great but it gives you a different vibe as compare to other sci-fi films. It's a one-time watch if you like sci-fi superhero films.You can definitely enjoy once....
7 Much like venom it seems people are going to either love or hate anything from the Sonyverse. Some hate it because it's not in the MCU and still uses characters from the MCU spiderverse. Some love it for its more dark delivery and darker comedy. I actually enjoy what Sony is doing by making movies for the more vicious anti heroes while making them grounded for the most part. The MCU rarely touches on those important details. Morbius is very much like the first venom in its set up. Gives a nice origin story with some intriguing body horror and more gruesome than normal imagery for a comic book film. Definitely has some scattered plot pieces but it's serviceable. Also leaves more room for expansion in the world if the Sonyverse. Leto was great imo and still proves he's a fantastic actor. Visuals are very effective and vibrant. Overall the film is what I expected and it was solid.
7 I'm not sure why there is so much hate. It's definitely a darker Marvel movie. Everyone did a good job in it and I think the two leads were well cast. There were a few plot holes but the graphics and camera angles were awesome. It was a good origin story.
7 This is not your favourite huge budget Marvel movie like No Way Home, this is a introductory film of a somewhat niche character and if you compare any comic film to something like No Way Home it will fall flat. I went into this with an open mind and I had an enjoyable time. It's a different type of Marvel film with dark humour and I enjoyed myself while watching it. I am familiar with the character and have read the comics and I was not disappointed with what Leto and Smith respectively brought to their roles. I think if you are able to enjoy a film without nitpicking at it then you'll have fun with this.
7 3.5 out of 5 stars.Morbius is a pretty fair superhero film that may be thin on plot and decent action sequences. It does add an entertaining adaptation bringing in another character that is supposedly a Spider man villain. May not be as fun as the Venom movies. Jared Leto does a great job playing a sick Dr. Michael Morbius. Who is on a desperate search for a cure from his blood borne illness. Which one will be leading him into becoming a vampire. Adria Arjona also did great playing his love interest. Matt Smith is a bit flat with his character and also playing a villain that is one dimensional and forgettable. Jared Harris playing as Morbius mentor is also thin with his character. Along with Tyrese Gibson which the script did not give these characters anything more besides be on the hunt for Morbius.The film is very fast paced. And the script does not give much character development with any of the supporting characters besides Michael and Martine (Adria Arjona). The plot is thin and may not be as strong. The action sequences were okay. With the fast movements with the characters and editing which makes the scenes more of a chore to see than increase the entertainment value.If your looking for a quick superhero escapism in the theatres this film will be great. The direction did not do anything new to make it stand out compared to any other superhero films. There is a mid credit scene to give you a hint on where this character will be placed in the universe. The film is not great but still delivers some entertainment.
1 Delayed a total of 6 times on its way to its eventual release this week around the world, Sony and Marvel's collaboration to bring its anti-hero Dr. Michael Morbius to life appeared to be one of those cursed productions that was doomed from the start and upon seeing this toothless and spineless comic book adaptation on the big screen its safe to say that the world would've been far better off had Morbius stayed delayed permanently.An incredibly inept feature from director Daniel Espinosa, who somehow keeps getting Hollywood films to make with significant budgets and name brand casts despite never actually directing a good film, Morbius feels far removed from most brands associated with the Marvel name as its $75 million dollar budget is nowhere to be found on screen as a blur of video game like CGI, amateurishly scripted scenes and poorly acted characters hog the films lifeless 100 minute runtime that can't come to an end quick enough.Failing as an origin story, with Michael's entire history set-up in one cringe-worthy flashback scene, an unnerving vampire tale and an action comic book film, it's hard to know what Morbius thought it was doing with its potentially entertaining material as Espinosa lets his leading man Jared Leto flounder in yet another high profile role that begs us to ask the question about his talent as a Hollywood leading man while he as a director ensures Morbius is nothing but an enigma of a character lost in a diabolical story that's hard to recall even mere minutes from walking out of the cinema.Sometimes with films that fail as badly as Morbius does there's snippets of what might have been found within them, moments that show not all hope was lost at all times but that's not the case with Espinosa and Leto's blockbuster that truly has no moments of escape from its grim, shaky cam filled collation of cinematic rubbish with the only slight glimpse of a better film coming from Matt Smith's villain Milo (yes that is what he is called throughout most of the film, Milo) with the well-liked one time Dr. Who at least appearing to have fun with his role while everyone else is about as enthusiastic as a bloodsucker heading into their coffin for a day time nap.Undoubtedly developed by Sony and Marvel to play a key role in the future with both Venom and Spider-Man properties, its hard to imagine how anyone will get excited coming away from this when it comes to the prospect of more Morbius being present in the biggest movie brand name going around and despite an attempt mid-credits too get audiences enthused by what may lay in store for Leto's charisma free biochemist in the near future, most will be merely rushing to the exit door to escape what is quite possibly the worst Marvel film we've yet seen.Final Say -Things never looked to good for poor old Morbius but not even the most pessimistic of pundits could've expected a film quite as bad as the one we get here, a DOA offering without purpose, intent or creativity, Marvel would do well to ensure Morbius never awakens again from a very long and hidden away slumber.1/2 a blood bag out of 5.For more reviews visit Jordan and Eddie (The Movie Guys)
5 Greetings again from the darkness. Trust the science, they said. Dr. Michael Morbius is a brilliant doctor/scientist who has devoted his life to formulating a cure for the rare and crippling blood disease he and his friend Milo were born with. This is an origin story pulled from the Marvel comic book characters created by Roy Thomas and Gil Kane. The film is directed by Daniel Espinosa (LIFE 2017, SAFE HOUSE 2012) with a script adapted by Matt Sazama and Burk Sharpless, who previously collaborated on DRACULA UNTOLD (2014) THE LAST WITCH HUNTER (2015) and GODS OF EGYPT (2016). Sometimes past work tells you what you need to know.An opening sequence features the always cool shots of a helicopter zipping around the water and cliffs of Costa Rica, before landing at the mouth of a cave that houses zillions (I counted) of vampire bats. The brilliant Dr. Morbius plans to blend vampire at blood with human blood in his latest try at finding a cure. All of his work is funded by the ultra-rich and equally suffering Milo, both men desperate for relief from their deteriorating bodies. We flashback 25 years to a clinic in Greece where young Michael (Charlie Shotwell, CAPTAIN FANTASTIC, 2016) and Milo (Joseph Esson) first meet as they are being treated with regular blood transfusions by Dr. Nikolis (Jared Harris, "Mad Men").Jared Leto stars as Dr. Michael Morbius, who is known in Marvel comics as "The Living Vampire", so we kinda know where things are headed. It's a surprisingly subdued performance by an actor renowned for his characterizations that are anything but. His grown-up friend Milo is played by the always entertaining Matt Smith, and Morbius' love interest and research partner is Dr. Martine Bancroft (an excellent Adria Ariona). You've probably guessed that the blood blend works ... right up until it turns Morbius into a blood thirsty killing machine. This puts FBI agents played by Tyrese Gibson and (master of wisecracks) Al Madrigal on his trail. And yes, we know this is headed to the high noon (or midnight) showdown between childhood blood buddies and it's the do-the-right-thing Morbius versus the 'hey, I like this superhuman power' Milo.The first segment of the film does a terrific job of setting the stage, but the story, the characters, and the execution let us down for the final two acts. The fight scenes feature some of the worst special effects I've seen in years. Sure, the film's release has been delayed a couple of years, but that's no excuse for what we see. On the bright side, some of the effects do work, and Matt Smith is fun to watch in a couple of his scenes. We do wish for more of Martine's story, and for a better story overall (after the intro). The film is part of the SSU (Sony Spider-man Universe) and perhaps its best comparison is VENOM, sans the chuckles. It's clear this film's mission was to set the stage for a sequel, and that becomes even more obvious in the mid-credit scenes. Normally, I wouldn't mention this, but since the director has already discussed, and an appearance was made in SPIDER-MAN: NO WAY HOME, I believe it's fair game. The great Michael Keaton pops in as Adrian Toomes (aka Vulture), giving us an indication where the sequel is headed.Opening in theaters April 1, 2022.
2 No surprises this was awful. Jared Leto is terrible and Matt Smith was annoying. CGI was laughingly bad and the slow-mo action and wonky editing made things borderline unwatchable. Writing was all over the place too with some terrible dialogue. There's little fun and it took itself way too seriously. Honestly, this made Venom seem alright in comparison.2/10.
10 There are many Marvel Legends. But none are quite as striking and engaging as Morbius. Jared Leto brings this fierce character to life and shows he has more layers than any character from Copshop.There was a certain scene involving Morbius' bat powers that made the audience cheer harder than seeing Channing Tatum's leech-covered behind in Lost City of D.An iconic moment is Morbius saying 'I am Venom'. This is funny because you think he's venom. Then he says 'only joking dr micheal morbius at your service'. This is clever because is not venom but rather morbius, so he made a reference to venom in a subtle way and then he reminds the audience who he actually is.Matt Smith was baddie smith and was a mega wowow lil scrappy instanity elden lord ultra uber hitman bodyguard mega core scrap lord.Morbius is a baddie and a half. This marvel legend keeps me up at night with how epic he is, i can't sleep thinking of any scene jared leto is in.
7 This movie is definitely not as bad as the critics have rated it. It's nothing amazing but it's not horrible either. Storyline was very predictable but far better then most cheesy crap that comes out. I'd give it a 6.5 nothing amazing but slightly better then average.
6 Underwhelmed as I left the theater, I thought maybe I missed something but my trip here to the review pages confirms my opinion. Forgetting about the Morbius character's ties to the Marvel Comic Book franchise, this is basically a run of the mill vampire flick, and unfortunately, it doesn't break any new ground for the genre. The story is somewhat ordinary, as Michael Morbius (Jared Leto) seeks a cure for a rare blood disease, and by experimenting with bats, manages to turn himself into a creature of the night. His childhood friend Milo (Matt Smith), who helped fund the research for a cure, self infects with the same serum and discovers a lust for power that comes with the transformation. It's a pretty tepid plot line that results in some head scratching CGI considering how far special effects have evolved to the present day. More effective is the virtually seamless facial metamorphosis from human to vampire and back again, but it's something you expect nowadays and not particularly innovative. It all brings into question why the filmmakers would go for such a tired and formulaic approach for a vampire super-hero. When all is said and done, you can't even say that Morbius came out of the picture as a good guy, as his options didn't suggest much more than defeating Milo's alter-ego in a final vampiric showdown.
7 I have to admit that I had really been looking forward to watching "Morbius" ever since I saw the first trailer. And having been reading the comic books, I will say that Michael Morbius is one of my favorite Marvel characters, so it was nice that the character was finally brought to the big screen.But then the movie was delayed and delayed again, and once finally out a lot of bad reviews were swarming the movie, so I was actually somewhat reluctant and hesitant about actually sitting down to watch it. But I decided to ignore the bad reviews and go see how the movie would treat the comic book character.Writers Matt Sazama and Burk Sharpless managed to put together a fair enough storyline. I will say that it was aimed more at an audience fully and wholly unfamiliar with the Michael Morbius character. And I can understand that approach to the first movie with the character, as to introduce a whole new audience of viewers to the character, and not go in on the deep end and do fan service to us whom have been reading the comic books for years.Personally I had hoped for a bit more in terms of story, but it was actually adequate enough in terms of entertainment. An origin story for a character new to the cinema screen is in its place, I suppose.I was also somewhat hesitant about it being Jared Leto to don the mantle of the living vampire, given the swing and miss performance of Joker in the 2016 "Suicide Squad", but then again he was amazing in the 2000 movie "Requiem for a Dream". Thankfully, then his performance as Michael Morbius was quite good and actually was suitable for the character from the comic books.Visually then you are in for quite a treat, given the fact that this is a Marvel movie. The CGI and special effects are quite impressive in the movie, as they are in all Marvel movies. So if you enjoy flashy CGI and special effects, then "Morbius" doesn't disappoint.All in all, then I will say that I was more than adequately entertained by the 2022 movie "Morbius", though I had hoped for a bit more in the story department. But hopefully the future will add more layers to the character and his story.My rating of director Daniel Espinosa's 2022 movie lands on a seven out of ten stars.
8 Morbius is not a perfect movie but it's a fun and entertaining ride. It's a comic book movie and yes, it won't win an Oscar or other awards. But it's still not that bad how some people make it seem it is.Definitely worth watching and seeing it for yourself before being scared off by reviews that are not even slightly accurate.Just my opinion :)
15 December 2021 This Spiderman is really fantastic. It captivated me right from the start, and I was entranced every second. There's adventure, friendship, team spirit, love, empathy, and brotherhood. The people in the cinema clapped and cheered multiple times, at the appearance of key characters and at big hint of what the future holds for Spiderman. I loved every second of it!
5 Awful movie. The plot sucked and had awful pacing humour, and dialogue were subpar(like the octopus joke). And they couldn't think of anything better so they brought back some old characters which still didn't save this poorly written film. One bad dialogue scene was when the 3 Spider-Men where making jokes about Tobey's organic webs which was just awkward and humorless. And to add to that, Tobey saying that "my back" joke and Norman Osborn repeating "I'm something of a scientist myself". Just why?! The film could never decide whether it's a comedy or a dark action movie.This movie certifies that Tom Holland is the worst Spider-Man. With great power comes great responsibility and MCU Spider-Man lacks that. He's had 6 movies and still acts like an inexperienced, immature, not independent, not smart and acts like a rookie. And the whole plot started because he couldn't think of an alternative to get him and his friends to college so he got Doctor Strange to go and make a spell so that everyone will forget that Peter is Spider-Man(also doing it without his friends consent). And of course with Peter being the doofus he is, he messes up the spell which causes the multiverse to collide. There's a reason why his messes are always cleaned up by someone better than him. One of Spider-Man's best traits is his quick thinking and it was so inevitable that after messing up the spell, he decides to go and talk to the headteacher of the college for a placement(same scene where Doctor Octopus appears). You'd think he would have learnt his lesson about trusting villains in Far From Home but no; he does it again which caused Aunt May's death. It could have been avoided if he had just sent them home, but no they needed to be "cured"(which is odd because The Lizard was cured in the Amazing Spider-Man). It just made him look sappy and too Disney like, thinking he can change their fate. It's also not smart to invite dangerous villains into your house with a non superhero family member there. How could he trust them that quickly? When you see it, you find it hard to feel bad for Peter because you're like "yeah this guy sucks" The emotional scenes in this movie were pretty awful, especially how long and stretched May's death was and they still tried to exchange jokes and had her standing up right before dying(also re wording Uncle Ben's infamous line which sounded wrong). Family member deaths are always before the character becomes a hero so doing it after feels cheap. It wasn't even basic superhero bad luck, just Spider-Man not thinking straight.Marvel really need new writers(especially in the comedic department), because they've released 4 bad movies this year and a TV show that messed up a timeline just like No Way Home did. And they've also ruined Spider-Man's character by not properly developing him and just throwing him into the Avengers drama. They are cash grabbers and only adding him because he is popular and it will get the movie ticket sales up. No Way Home is one of the few movies that make me wish the villains had won, and the reason is that the plot armour on Spider-Man was too strong. Like when geometry was somehow the answer to get out of the mirror dimension. Green Goblin was right about his morality getting the better of him.Overall this movie was just an overhyped, over budgeted nostalgia bait and Spider-Man is the real antagonist of this film. Always puts people in danger for no reason.
10 Spider-Man: No Way Home is a phenomenal conclusion to the trilogy and Holland's best outing as Spidey yet. Starts off fun, safe and familiar and then becomes extremely emotional, satisfying and full of great callbacks. A love letter to all things Spider-Man.Tom Holland gives an incredible lead performance once again, reliably charming and likeable but with a lot more emotional heft this time around. Zendaya and Jacob Batalon both have perfect chemistry with Holland and are also incredible in their own ways.Benedict Cumberbatch reaffirms why he's such a good Doctor Strange with his excellent dry wit and gravitas. All the returning villains give strong performances but Willem Dafoe is definitely the standout performance with an unsettling and terrifying presence.Jon Watts' direction is superb, the action sequences are thrillingly acrobatic once again but refreshingly impactful this time around. There's a few homages to the styles of the previous iterations and some gorgeous imagery.It's also perfectly paced with none of its roughly 2hr 30 minute runtime feeling dull or overly long due to a strong momentum established early on. The CG is extremely impressive with only a few weak spots.The music by Michael Giacchino is fantastic, a nice balance of themes from the previous iterations and use of Holland's iconic motifs which are slightly altered in ways that work as well as a few new additions that are beautifully epic.
6 A tough one to rate. It certainly has entertainment value, but it's frustrating that it could have been so much better. On the one hand, the concept of bringing villains and other Spidermen in from alternate universes is fantastic, and it was great to see some of these characters again. There is so much star power in the cast here, and the special effects are wonderful.On the other hand, there is quite a bit of bloat as well. I'm all for character development and non-action scenes in action movies, but too often these moments were poorly written and bogged the film down. I have to say, I didn't care for how naïve Tom Holland's version of Spider-Man was either, and I could never buy in to the concept that he would try to "fix" the villains before sending them back to their own universes. This seemed asinine to me, and how that would stop them from dying where they came from was a mystery too. There are several other plot elements that are either weakly crafted (Dr. Strange getting trapped by some quick Spidey-math) or boring (Peter Parker and his friends and their college admission drama, good grief). Give me more of the Green Goblin (Willem Dafoe), less of Ned Leeds, the goofy sidekick.
10 It's hard to discuss this movie and not get into the spoilers because the biggest moments of this movie necessitate ruining several of the big reveals. I loved that not everything was in the trailer and I successfully avoided reading too much about the film, which helped my enjoyment. This was the first movie I've seen in a theater since Halloween Kills, so the risk of COVID-19 and all its variants didn't keep me away* from the biggest movie of the year.This movie arrives as so many older directors gatekeep what constitutes a movie. So let me break down my opinion: movies can be anything you want them to be. There is equal room for a high end Oscar contender as there is for the junk low end world that I live in, the places where Godfrey Ho, Jess Franco and Bruno Mattei make their home.What else are comic book movies other than classical myths made with computers and no small amount of sound and fury? So yeah, this is the 27th Marvel Cinematic Universe movie and you know, you don't have to watch these movies. Hollywood -- the world -- is still making something for everyone. But for crowd-pleasing moments, the two biggest I've heard in years are when Captain America lifted Mjolnir and when one of the characters arrived in this film, a literally explosion of happiness and joy from an audience that has weathered so much in the last two years.And isn't that why movies exist? To make us feel something?No movie that I have seen in a theater in nearly a decade has elicited that emotional outburst and you know, it brought true joy to my heart. So I didn't feel silly expressing my emotions, whether they were happy when a certain legal professional made his presence known or the sadness of Dr. Strange's final words to Peter Parker.Spider-Man has always lived by the lesson that with great power comes great responsibility. He's a character informed -- in every incarnation -- by a great loss that he was at fault for and a lifetime of making up for that mistake.Yet Spider-Man: No Way Home presents us with something new. Great power with responsibility also means being better than your enemies and at times, working to make them better people and not just punching them into oblivion. The fact that antagonists can be worth saving spoke to me, someone usually given to mad revenge schemes and years of grudges. Even when doing the right thing ends up hurting you, you still can do the right thing.These are big concepts for a comic book spectacle. And this movie does what all great films should. It's stuck in my mind since I saw it and I wanted some time away from it before I wrote this. Spider-Man is the story of a bully grown up and moving past the way he was treated, often finding those bullies -- Flash Thompson, Eddie Brock -- become if not friends, certainly no longer enemies.This also gets into the Marvel idea of a multiverse, a connected web of other realities where small differences -- Disney+ set this up with What If...? And this idea will form the heart of Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness -- but the main part of this story remains refreshingly human in the midst of big ideas, strange science and concepts like how magic works.Look -- I don't have to sell you on these movies. They make so much money that they're critic proof. But I do want you to consider that even if you hate superhero movies, even if you think there are too many of them, to consider your favorite film series. What if you had more than three of the original Star Wars films and they all were progressively better? What if the last Jason, Freddy or Hellraiser movie was so much better than the original? What if James Bond got more human, more relevant and more real as the world around him became even stranger?That's what's happening here. And it's amazing.*I'm triple vaxxed, beyond fastidious about mask wearing and personal space, and rarely if ever leave my movie basement. This isn't a political statement. Viruses don't have politics and if you think they do, you can kindly never read another word that I write.
9 It was very enjoyable to watch in the cinema. The expected theories turned out to be true. Acting was great. The script was pretty good. I will watch it for the second time) It was the best Spiderman movie in my opinion. It's also one of the best Marvel movies. Be sure to watch it in the cinema!
3 Spider-Man - No Way HomeThis was clearly a pandemic disaster, I am at a loss to say much good about it.The problemsA tissue thin story entirely built upon people knowing Spider-Man identity.No proper antagonistTotally contrived in bringing previous characters back for no proper reason.A total lack of emotional intelligence, a viewing audience goes through emotions in response to a story, not following someone saying goodbye and then playing some emotional music.Overly CGI'd, and so many things stolen from other movies.A total lack of humour, if there was a joke it went flat!Overall it was truly dreadful from start to finish and everyone around did not say a single good thing. I'm giving this a 3 outta 10 meaning skip this rubbish! I can see that for so many reviewers this was their first big screening back in the cinema and are just over enthusiastic rather than seriously looking at the art product before them, maybe a second viewing might help for a more objective review.
6 I was already concerned about Spider-Man: No Way Home when I walked into the theater (one could say I was expecting to be disappointed.) I kind of hate the idea of delving too deep into a multiverse, because I think it muddles things too much, and defies the internal logic of most stories. Sure enough that was something I felt while watching this film. This movie cannot hold up to even the tiniest bit of analysis, because it creates plot holes that you can drive a freight train through. It's kind of sad because there were some moments in the movie that I genuinely loved, but all I can think about days later are the myriad of questions that I'm left with because this movie created so many situations that make no sense.My other big problem with Spider-Man: No Way Home is not really a fault of the movie, but more of the society we live in today. Living in an internet-focused culture, we are bombarded by ads and news stories that relate to the things that interest us. SInce I've shown my love for all things MCU in the past, of course I see plenty of things crossing my radar about the upcoming films. I was able to avoid watching any trailers for this movie, which I thought would help, but by merely catching headlines of casting rumors I could foresee every surprise they built into it. Of course any logical mind could put two and two together once the guest appearances start, so I suppose this isn't a movie that is going to blow away audiences with its surprises.As I said, though, my disappointment is quite frustrating because I also found many aspects of No Way Home so satisfying. They wrapped up some story elements nicely, and this might have contained some of the best acting in any Marvel movie. In particular, I found Zendaya so surprisingly strong, I was almost able to ignore her lack of character motivation in some key moments. She wasn't the only person in the film that behaved stupidly, in fact the central premise of the film is built on a horrible idea from Aunt May that seems altruistic, but lacks any 4th-dimensional thinking which I would expect from a genius like Peter Parker. But smart people being dumb is the catalyst of the entire story, as even Dr. Strange doesn't seem to think anything through, past Peter's initial request.No Way Home is easily the most meta Spider-Man movie ever made, which is kind of shocking to say in a post "Into the Spider-verse" world. It's catering to the most die-hard fans in the world, but it's more of a nod to the fans of the Spider-Man movies. I was always a huge fan of the multitude of Spider-Man comic books when I was a collector, but I've typically struggled with his portrayal in films. So, giving all these nods to things that came before Tom Holland took over the role on the big screen, falls a bit flat for me. One of the things I loved about this iteration of the character is that it avoided the cliches and saved us so much of the traditional Spider-Man origin story, but this movie back-pedaled and became a copy of a copy of a copy.This return to cliche also sucked some of the emotion out of key moments as any fan of the character should know the same old tropes by now. I almost got emotional at the end because of the great acting performances, but the big emotional moment earlier in the film did nothing for me as all I could think was "really, we're going there?" There are some good laughs in the film, although I wonder how well it will hold up on rewatch. And I will rewatch this film, as I do with all MCU movies, but I think at this point Spider-Man: No Way Home sits as my least favorite in the franchise. In fact, I'm at a point right now where I'm questioning if I will keep being a diehard fan of everything the MCU churns out. This film wasn't what I'd call a complete failure, but I'm concerned the MCU is getting closer to one of those. Perhaps EndGame should have been exactly what the title implies.
10 This is a movie made purely to satisfy the fans and there should be no doubt about that. No Way Home, in my opinion, is even better than Homecoming and Far From Home, and pretty much one of the best MCU movies of all time. It's a simple story, but the execution is fantastic. Even the smallest of surprises have a huge impact, and I could feel that in the theatre as I joined several other Spider-Man fans cheer out for both heroes and villains. The action sequences were brilliant; seeing them in 3D is totally worth the price of admission. Every actor delivered a believable, realistic performance, and especially our lead actor Tom Holland. The visual effects too were top notch and the editing was stupendous. Two and a half hours flew by real quick while watching this popcorn action entertainer. It won't be fair to reveal anything, so here I conclude my review, and recommend you to check out this new world of Spidey-ness on the big screen and in 3D. And once you've seen it, please don't spoil it for others, just like you won't want it spoiled for yourself.
6 Right, well I am by no means a fan of superhero movies, but I will watch them when given the chance. Why? Solely for entertainment purposes, because Marvel Studios does make rather impressive movies, now don't they? Indeed. And that is also why I opted to sit down and watch the 2021 movie "Spider-Man: No Way Home" here in 2022.Actually, my family went to watch "Spider-Man: No Way Home" back in 2021 when it was out in the cinema, but I didn't go, as I don't think superhero movies are worth the ticket admission for a cinema. So instead, I opted to watch it when it became readily accessible at the comforts of my home.Writers Chris McKenna and Erik Sommers actually put together a wholesome enough storyline here for this movie, and sure it was watchable and enjoyable. Outstanding or memorable? No, not so much. But then again, I am not overly keen on the whole superhero genre. But "Spider-Man: No Way Home" did provide me with entertainment for the 148 minutes that the movie ran for.And it was actually fun enough to watch the various Spider-Men come together on the screen and fight the villains from previous movies all over again. Nostalgia? Perhaps. But at the same time, sort of lazy writing when you think about it.Visually then "Spider-Man: No Way Home" was phenomenal. But then again, that is what Marvel Studios excel at, isn't it?"Spider-Man: No Way Home" certainly has a impressive cast list, with a lot of big names. I mean, you have Tom Holland, Andrew Garfield and Tobey Maguire as the Spider-Man, and then you have Jamie Foxx, Willem Dafoe, Alfred Molina, Rhys Ifans and Thomas Haden Church return to reprise their former villainous roles. And the movie also have the likes of talents such as J. K. Simmons, Marisa Tomei, Jon Favreau and such on the cast list as well.It was nice, though, to see that the writers were taking the many previous movies in the franchise with a grain of salt some times throughout the course of the movie, with the puns and snazzy dialogue hinting at and referencing previous movies."Spider-Man: No Way Home" definitely is a pleasing movie for the fans of superhero movies and of "Spider-Man" in general.My rating of "Spider-Man: No Way Home" lands on a six out of ten stars.
9 Superhero extravaganza! Spider-Man NWH didn't meet my expectations, it exceeded them. The most emotionally resonant MCU film so far. This movie is worth every excruciating moment we had to wait. The visuals, the score, the emotions, the story, and ofc the fan-service. This film understands spider-man fans like no other spider-man film before it. Truly a celebration of the most beloved character in the best way possible!
1 I'm unsure of why this has received a high IMDb rating. It's rubbish and slow and nonsensical. Instead this film rakes in all past cast members for some obscure reminiscent feelgood film. Trash at its Hollywood best. You've been warned.
10 Peter is back! Everyone knows who he is and that's the problem! This is a fantastic spiderman movie, no.. this is the ultimate Spiderman movie. This was such an experience i honestly felt like a kid again. I can't believe they returned! I was so happy to see my childhood come to life.This was a incrediblely told story about The 3 peters and how deep responsibility truly is, I'm shocked with excitement in we had the great men themselves return to their respective roles which included Willem Dafoe, Alfred Molina, Jamie Foxx, Thomas Haden church and many more. I've always been a massive fan of Tobey & Andrew so seeing them come back was the ultimate time of my life. I loved every second of it, i wanted to review this with no spoilers but that is literally impossible ao i now have +1 Spoiler review.There were so many nods and callbacks to the past which i thoight went very well & Garfield finally avenged not saving gwen!Highly Recommend! A Must See!!! 11/10.
4 Review By Kamal KI don't think this film was written well. It had already established Spider-man characters with no involvement with Stark, but still failed at making Tom's Peter any better than he was when under Tony Stark's mentorship. This movie was not good. No amount of nostalgia saved it for me. It had pacing issues, for example the movie skimmed past Peter's whole identity exposed moment and chucked Daredevil in for a meaningless cameo as nobody seemed to truly care that as a blind man, he was able to catch a brick chucked through the window. He was literally just there for fanservice, and not a well written one. The rest of the movie is pointless as by the end, they just reverse everything by sending the spider-men and villains back to their world, after of course, seemingly retconning the plots of the previous spider-man movies by curing the villains, who were taken before they met their demise. Therefore their fights with spider-man end on a lame note as they all just become ordinary men towards the end of the original battles and so the Peter Parkers wouldn't experience the key character development and progression of their stories from this.And in usual MCU fashion, the film is riddled with jokes that sometimes hit, but mostly fall flat. Awful humour, which is constantly blurted out after (or during) serious moments because the writers simply couldn't leave us without jokes for two whole minutes. Constant tonal shifts because of the "jokes", And the Peters just felt like they needed to be there for Tom's Peter? Bad writing at its finest.Yes, this whole movie could've been avoided if Peter just listened to Doctor Strange, a man who actually knows magic and the consequences of messing spells up, but nope, he has to be stupid when he is supposed to be smart. Strange was literally the best character in the entire film, just for being the only one with a working braincell.Overall, I found this movie quite bad. Nothing about it made me want to rewatch it and I have been feeling this with MCU movies recently like Black Widow and Shang chi, I will continue to watch Spider-man movies just because of my love for the character, but I will most likely continue to think the MCU's portrayal of the character is the worst even though Tom Holland's acting is great.
7 My expectations for this film were off the chart due to what I had heard and read about how great it is. What it does deliver is plenty of spectacle. But a great film needs more than that. The story also moves along with some pace. But emotional impact should never be sacrificed for expediency. In short, this is an enjoyable film, but there have been better Marvel films.There is one scene that stands above the rest. And it is guaranteed to bring a smile to the lips of any Marvel fan. It has so much subtext and it is so unexpected.It ends with a tee-up for the next chapter, of course. I just hope that one focuses more on the characters and less on the effects. It certainly has that possibility, given where this episode ends.
10 First of all, i was so grateful to be experience this movie in theaters, with a great audience that as excited as me, they were clapping and the movie deserve it, Spider-Man No Way Home is everybody's dream, it's an exciting movie, with an epic story, and phenomenal performance, it just amazing, it's incredible, it's fantastic, it's mind blowing, it's an experience that i will never forget, once cross in my mind that this one is probably even better than Avengers Endgame, but as the time goes, it's still not reach that level but that really doesn't mean anything, both movie are epic, Spider-Man No Way Home is one of the greatest movie i've ever watch, one of the greatest superhero movie i've ever watch, and it simply The Best Movie Of The Year.
10 A -{ B I G }- Screen MINI Review; Film Seen all of FOUR times ( soon to be FIVE 😉 ) ; Dec.15, '2021 ONWARDS______________________________________________________Tom Holland's Peter: { to MJ }: "What's that thing you always say? ...expect disappointment..."MJ: "No, no, no... NO ...we're gonna Kick Some A** !"Tom Holland's Peter: "O.k !"Toby Maguire's Peter: -{ "Cure. Cure Some A**" }- .Ned Leeds: CURE THAT A** !!!______________________________________________________Somewhere, "In An Alternate Universe", Spider-Man: No Way Home { to be hitherto referred to as NWH }, is already -Well- on the way to winning the "Best Motion Picture Of The Year" Award. { Here on Earth 🌎, incidentally, the Oscar Awards are, ( as things stand as of -Now- ), slated to be held on March 27, 2022 }. And -Speaking- of which, in our -{ OWN }- breathtakingly ravishing universe unfortunately, that particular proposition is likely to be a -FAR CRY- at best ; given the Academy's characteristic, and seemingly perpetual "Stiff Upper Lip" type of attitude towards the 'Superhero-Supervillain' genre, in general. However ; with 'Black Panther' ( 2018 ) and 'Joker' ( 2019 ) having -BOTH- been nominated for "That... -{ Most }- Coveted Cinematic Prize ...Of All ", the Best Picture Oscar ; I believe that things are, thankfully 🙏, albeit -{ Slowly }-, changing for the better.Yeah, so I'm er, "Officially" dubbing this "An Easter ( - E g g - ) Movie Released At Christmas", because it -well and truly- does reveal itself as "The Movie Of A 1,000 Beautiful Surprises" . . . . and so much, much, much, more. { And as I recently changed my review classification from 'spoiler-free' to 'spoiler', my Featured-Quote does, of course, contain a glaring "Little" reference to ( one ) of the two MOST-THRILLING surprises of the picture ( by far ) }. In a nutshell, at this point, I suppose that it would be, well... -{ Suffice for me to say }- ...that NWH "far, far, far, far", surpassed my Hopes for said Theatrical 'Gargantuar' . . . . and "then some". It has -{ already }- SMASHED "all manner of records" the world over, & is currently the 6th Biggest Box-Office Earner ( E v e r ) ; -quite possibly- soon to be Number 5 ( 💣 💥❗) ; after barrelling thru to overtake yet -Another- 'Veritable Marvel Collosus', 'Avengers: Infinity War' ( 2018 ).Right, and -these- were my three biggest takeaways: 1. The "Raw, -{ Unbridled }- Talent" of NWH's three ( principal ) youngsters, Tom, Zendaya & Jacob . . . & boy, can the young thespian Mr. Thomas Stanley Holland, ( still barely all of '25 and two-thirds' ), Really, Really ACT 👏❗2. How brilliantly -{ ALL }- the 'Multitudinous Trappings Of Contemporary Fame', ( whether that fame be positive -Or- adverse ), were depicted at the onset of NWH. 3. The totally "Astonishing" standard of -{ All }- of The Special Effects ( both computer generated -as well- as "Live" ), & indeed . . . Just the { " A l l - A r o u n d " } level of cinematic accomplishment by Jon Watts, Daren Gilford, & Mauro Fiore, ( Director, Production Designer, Cinematographer ), & the -{ Entirety }- of the picture's CREW & CAST, frankly ....in achieving this thru the -{ Heights }- of a global pandemic.... K u d o s 🌠❗Summation: Just before I go, I feel like I -{ Must }- say this. "If, ( -like yours truly- ), you've been a Loyal, Loving Adorer of the web-slinger for ( pretty much ) your -Entire- life . . . Bring TWICE the amount of tissues ; 1 half for the ( -Several- ) Ribtickling 'Funnies' in NWH, & the other half for the richly soulful & -{ FABULOUSLY HUMAN }- emotional scenes that you are unquestionably going to encounter. Also, -Do- try & stay till the -Very- end of the movie, for not just 1, but in fact, -2- great teaser scenes . . . As you'll be -certain- to glean a few -exciting- insights into the near future of the MCU ( Marvel Cinematic Universe ). And here, without further ado, is my final appraisal of Spider-Man: No Way Home, Marvel's truly "fresh", and -{ Uplifting }- New Multiplex-Marvel. " 25 Spider Bitten, -{ Viscerally }- Wowed, And Indeed, " UTTERLY SMITTEN " Marks Out Of 10 . . . 😃 💥❗"
9 This film really is something special.I enjoyed every single second and would happily have lapped up hours more of it.Everything about it is executed so well. I mean SO well.Not a single Marvel fan alive will be disappointed by this.10/10.
6 Instantly loathing the publicity of being outed by the press, Spider-Man hits up the Sanctum Sanctorum to ask Dr. Strange for some mystical assistance. They cast a spell of wiped memory and screw it up, reality is torn, familiar faces invade different spaces... you know this, you've seen the trailer. It's the Sony/MCU equivalent of X-Men: Days of Future Past, with a stream of old band members coming out of retirement for a jam-packed farewell concert.One might hope that the results are a smidge better than that old X-Men reunion, and they are, but No Way Home also suffers from many of the same problems. Primarily, the overwhelming urge to stuff as much crap on the screen as possible, even when the audience is already exhausted. It tries to serve too many masters and, in the end, sufficiently serves none. There's fun to be had, especially when the oddball mix-and-match super-characters get the chance to escape the trappings of a broader storyline and simply converse as individuals. Those accessible human interactions have been a big strength for the two preceding Marvel Spider-Man flicks, and they reap great benefits here, each time the old guard mingles with the new.I wish we had more such moments, but the push to turn the MCU's most grounded franchise into another big-time tent pole attraction demands otherwise. In reaching for the next major event, they've overlooked the "neighborhood" part of "Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man." Actually, they might've forgotten the "friendly" part, too, because there's a whole bunch of angst spinning around Tom Holland's central performance. But that's more excusable: Peter Parker goes through a lot over the course of this hundred-fifty minutes, he progresses and matures as a character, and he's experienced equally dark times in the comics.No, the performances aren't the issue here, nor is the dialogue, which remains snappy and delightful. The primary culprit is the plot, bloating and careening in indeterminate (and often mindless) directions, making a lot of noise but not making a lot of sense. Dr. Strange hand-waves many explanations under the guise of mysticism, which is basically his thing, but so do the various Spider-Men. Important members of the supporting cast are marginalized and under-served. The city of New York, once an essential ingredient, is now barely a backdrop. Goalposts are moved, overshadowed, and then moved again. Rumor has it that script re-writes were still underway during filming, and it shows.This is messy. Lots of fun on certain occasions, but stifling and sludgy in others. It's a mixed bag, leaning more to the positive than the negative, but I don't know that I'm content with the way everything wraps up in the end. Where Homecoming and Far From Home both left me charged and anxious for the next step, No Way Home put me in a place of quiet acceptance. Feels like the franchise has aged, and that's not a great thing.
10 Finally, the biggest film Spider-Man: No Way Home has hit cinemas and I had to go see it as early as possible. Now I have watched it, here is my review for the film. The premise of the film sees Spider-Man's secret identity revealed, he tries to get Doctor Strange's help to fix things but this leads to some unwanted visitors from other universes to cause problems for both of them.Main Character
Tom Holland has played Spider-Man for a while now and for me this is his best performance in the role. You really see how he has grown and this film shows real depth to the character and how he has kind of grown up into this crazy world. He doesn't have much rest in the film and it really pushes Holland to impress in the majority of his scenes and I thought he was great in really making Spider-Man a top hero in The MCU.Supporting Characters
Zendaya plays MJ and I was just really happy to see the dynamic between her and Peter in this film. Despite everything that goes on they are a pretty strong couple and it is just nice for a comic book film to have a relationship that feels natural without overpowering the main plot. Benedict Cumberbatch reprises his role as Doctor Strange and he is really good, I really like how despite being a hero he has a more mature and different viewpoint to Spider-Man. He adds some really interesting parts to the film and plays a unique role in the progress of the story and Spider-Man as a character. Jacob Batalon is back as Ned and he is much better then the role he played in Far From Home. He is just a fun character that supports Peter, he is way more involved with Spider-Man and that improves his character so much. Marisa Tomei is back as Aunt May and again she is more involved this time out and is just a really great person for Holland to bounce off and the dynamic just really works and makes their relationship feel very real. Willem Dafoe, Alfred Molina and Jamie Foxx reprise their roles as Green Goblin, Doctor Octopus and Electro. Dafoe and Molina are great and really flourish in their roles, but the surprise is Foxx as Max Dillon/Electro. He is so much better then he was in Amazing Spider-Man 2 and I am glad he got given this 2nd chance here.Story
The story is really great, I was worried with all of the multiverse elements that the focus could have been taken off of a character arc for Spider-Man but it nails this element. Peter has a real arc and it develops incredibly well and for me was a real highlight. It is obviously great seeing the returning villains and they are treated with respect and their characters are further explored. The ending feels deserved and because you are so invested it feels really earnt.Script
MCU films often get criticised for their scripts including too much humour in them, but I actually think the balance is really handled well here. Yes there are funny moments here but for me they didn't outweigh the serious and darker parts of the film.Style
The film looks great, the actions scenes are all really fun and seeing The MCU Spider-Man going against villains from the other franchises works very well and allows for some fun sequences. The pacing for the film is also really good, despite being 2 hours 30 mins it never felt too long and I honestly believe that there isn't really any filler here which is an impressive feat.Overall
Overall, Spider-Man: No Way Home is an epic film that really lives up to the hype. I am possibly still buzzing because I have just watched the film but I can't find too much fault and this is a Spider-Man fans dream film and anybody will find this film plenty of fun.Rating - 10/10.
10 What cinemas were made for. I wasn't expecting something quite as amazing as this, this was two and a half hours of incredible entertainment, drama, laughs, tears and action galore, there truly was something for everyone here.This movie really has ignited my love for the franchise once again, and I am truly excited for what comes next.Nostalgia, there seems to be a real thirst for it these days, and there is a lot of it to enjoy here. There are plenty of moments throughout that will have you speechless, they really do break all of the rules here.This is one incredibly good looking movie, dazzling special effects, dizzying action scenes, two and a half hours will literally fly by.Incredible, 10/10.
6 This is the best film Marvel has released this year. Shang-Chi was only ok, the Venom sequel was atrocious, Black Widow was so-so, Eternals was bland for the most part. What makes this one work is the cast, but the story really, when examined is weak. The last movie put the writers in a corner while revealing (a silly idea really) Peter's identity to the world. He goes to Doctor Strange without thinking about what he really wants, and ends up, in typical spider-man fashion, in screwing everything up. So, also in usual Spider-Man style, by trying to fix things up, he totally messes up further. In the end this costs him a lot. While this movie starts out well, the middle is dull and why should Peter care about beings from alternate realities? And by 'fixing' them, did he erase the events of those films, making the spider-men of those realities unnecessary? Peter loses everything due to his listening to Aunt May, who's advice is illogical and gets her killed. Well, I can say this was the best of Holland's trilogy, but it still isn't Spider-Man 2. A few sides: Molina, Garfield and Maguire's returns were the best part of this movie. Those three steal every single scene they're in. Dafoe was good as Norman, but I could have done without Electro and Sandman who added little to the story. While others are falling over themselves gushing over this, I think I may be suffering from Superhero fatigue.
8 Don't watch the trailers. Just watch the movie. I'm not going to say much. It's amazing. And I'm in complete disbelief that it actually happened. Well-made, well-acted, well-directed. Fun, funny and crazy with a ton of heart. Can't wait to watch it again. (4 viewings, opening night 12/16/2021, 12/29/2021, 1/20/2022, 2/2/2022)
10 There is so much to unpack here. And I understand that some people may not be into the first 30 minutes or so of the movie, but it is apparent how much almost everyone loves this movie. And as you can tell I am one of them. Now you could dismiss my opinion, since I have clearly bought and swallowed the MCU pill (I openly admit liking and being a fan boy of what has been created there - you can hate me or simply agree with me, all opinions are welcome) ... but I dare anyone who has seen all Spider Man movies, not to feel at least something rather positive about this.It does take many good things from previous efforts (no pun intended) and gets the best out of them. It does a great service to the (movie) history of Spider-Man. But also showing us a different side of a Marvel hero ... a side that is vulnerable in a way we have not seen yet. Or not in that form - the identity crisis and the good deeds that do not go unpunished ... or do they? Tom Holland has been exposed - something you know if you've seen the previous Spider-Man movie ... and while his mentor Iron Man dealt differently with that fame - recognition, Peter Parker as we know him, can not deal with it the same way.Add to that, that he wants to help people as much as he can (a bit of a difference to what Tony Stark stood for most of the time, being self centered and and self serving) - and you have a dangerous combination. There is a reason the Tom Holland Spider-Man movies are being compared with 80s teen comedies - there are many parallels (John Hughes and others are being name dropped in those conversations). And while there is a lot of action (the mirror world scene has so many "climactic" scenes I probably did not close my mouth the entire time it was happening), the movie also takes its time to give us little character moments.And a lot of fan service - this movie celebrates what came before. It celebrates and takes its audience seriously. But in a fun and entertaining way. Yes it is not all fun and games and there are a lot of callbacks (no pun intended) - there is drama, there may be even some head shaking at how naive Peter Parker seems ... but it makes sense in the realm of the world that was built around him and the character that he is - there is an evolution, but he can't help himself - being who he is and who he grew up to be. For better or worse ... yes the famous line will be uttered and it will have a sad undertone to it. But the movie is able to give you so much, that even when you know something completely horrible is about to happen, you also know that some lighter moments will follow.That being said, it takes nothing away from the performance by Tom Holland, who has to play vulnerable, playful, ecstatic, experimental, shy and giving/helpful ... while a lot has been made of who is going to be in the movie (or not) - it is his movie. Yes there are many things that you can tear apart and make fun of - there are logic issues if you want to call them that ... but in a world where "magic" exists ... are you really going to nitpick? Maybe you will, which would be a shame - because you'll be missing out on one hell of a movie and a ride that is truly amazing - no pun intended.It is also amazing that Sony and Disney reached a deal - so that Marvel can continue to use Spiderman in their universe. But not just him ... it seems there is way more to come. And while having many throwbacks (and callbacks) and bringing them all to a conclusion of sorts ... well while all that could mean that this could be a nice way to end Tom Hollands reign as Spider-Man ... it could just as easily continue. The possibilities are endless going forward.As you can tell I am not one to spoil or say anything that is revealing. That is why I did not talk about the cast and the cameos - most of them were revealed ahead of time. Either officially (villains) or just through rumors (no matter how much denying went on - we knew ... we just knew) ... but there was a cameo that most did not see coming - pun very much intended.If you watched this in a cinema (which I can only highly recommend to do), you will probably still have goosebumps. You either cheered yourself loudly at quite a few moments (or gasped at others) ... or just enjoyed silently ... what a movie experience that was. One that I might repeat in cinemas - a treat I do not give myself too often, because I tend to let a bit of time pass before I rewatch something after the first time viewing ... but there are exceptions and this might very well be one of them ... Spider-Man you Sir ... are one of the good ones! Pun again intended - because you too are amazing ...
9 If you thought the Marvel Universe had reached it's climax with Avengers Endgame, then think again, this was superb, and far more entertaining than any other Spiderman movie. Very cleverly done, mixing laughs and tears. If this is the way phase 4 is going to go then bring it on. This is the reason you go to the cinema, wonderful entertainment.
9 It's fair to say I haven't always been the biggest fan of Nicholas Cage, but it's not the talent, it's often the film choices, similar to Michael Cain, he really has made some shockers. What this film does however is poke a little fun at his past, it's tongue in cheek, but it's a cracking movie.It's funny, it's energetic, it zips along, there isn't a single dull moment here, you don't need to be a fan or a critic, this movie is just really worth your time.Loaded with irony, it's plain to see that Cage has a sense of humour, this really is a winner for him.It wasn't what I was expected, but I am so glad I went to see it, I'd really recommend it. 9/10.
10 First of all, it is great to see Nick Cage working with such actors like Pedro Pascal who can not only keep up with Cage's screen presence but also enhance it. Secondly, as I have stated in the title, you'll enjoy this experience regardless if you are a fan of the man or not but if you are a fan, then you'll be very glad to see that the film has many nods to Cage's evolving filmography throughout the years. In the end, movie is both a cheesy (and well aware of itself) and a special thing that's not like any other comedy movie.
9 My score: 9.2/10
IMDb: 8.0/10 (2,275 users)
Metascore: 72/100 (20 critics)If you are Nick Cage fan then I truly believe you will love this film. The comedy is so fluid, that it had me laughing so hard throughout, my face and stomach started to hurt.The acting was on point. Not just from Cage, but also from Pedro Pascal. I found them to be a hilarious duo that blended, and fed off each other, quite well.I truly enjoy Nicolas Cage as an actor, but I haven't watched nearly enough films to understand the references that are throughout this film. However, I feel the goal was achieved in the reference department because other audience members seemed to enjoy the parts I didn't fully understand.The story was quite enjoyable, as well. The real world and acting world, so to speak, blended in such a way that the bits that were becoming a movie were enhancing the bits that are the movie. (Worded super weirdly there, but there's two plots sort of running and both are enjoyable simultaneously)While it doesn't feel like it outright all the time. The characters are definitely relatable and had me feeling empathy for them too.Overall, I absolutely loved this movie and was happy to laugh really hard in a natural way. If you hate Nicholas Cage as an actor then probably stay away, but if you love him I highly recommend checking this one out.Thank you for taking the time to read my review. I hope it helps you make a decision on the film. Until next time.... Enjoy the show!
8 Caught an advance screening tonight and I thought it was super fun. I'm a huge Nicolas Cage fan, and it was over the top and crazy and chaotic and heartwarming. And there's definitely some cuckoo stuff mixed in, I'm actually a little surprised he didn't take the weirdness even further. And he yelled a lot but I would've taken even more. Haha Definitely a light silly night at the movies :) LOVE LIVE CAGE.
10 Best work of Nicolas Cage. Didn't expected it to be soo good. The Bromance at its best. The Bottom Line Very entertaining, if less exotic than it sounds.
8 When Nick Cage (Nicholas Cage) realizes his finances are disastrous, he agrees to make a one-time appearance at a billionaire's birthday. Once he gets off the plane and meets billionaire Javi (Pedro Pascal), a friendship is struck up. Before Nick can get too comfortable, he finds out that his new billionaire friend is being watched by the CIA, who quickly recruits him to be their new informant.If this film had been made with and about anyone other than Nicolas Cage, I don't think it would have worked. This film was written to highlight some of Cage's best moments in his career, leaving the viewer with Easter eggs galore. The direction of the film taps into the action genre while still being a true comedy. Just when you think it's just a comedy, it switches gears into a crime drama. The cinematography brings you to the gorgeous paradise of the film's setting.As previously stated, Nicolas Cage is fantastic and shows why he's had such a long career. Buddying up with Pedro Pascal is a match made in heaven. These two play off of each other so well. Tiffany Haddish delivers some memorable lines and commands the scene when she's in it. Ike Barinholtz has impeccable comedic timing as always, and the biggest downfall is not having more of him and Haddish. Sharon Horgan and Lily Mo Sheen round out Cage's family, and the dynamic feels pure. You get a true sense of a dysfunctional family that truly loves each other. And last but not least, is Neil Patrick Harris, who plays Cage's agent with gusto.It is hard to find fault with this film. I'm not sure if it's because it is so much fun or because the runtime just flies by. So elements such as the score and other technical areas don't shine too brightly, but I'm not sure they were intended to. Some characters could have used a bit more screen time, but keeping their appearances to a minimum made their moments a little more memorable. Going up a notch in some of the action set pieces would have been the icing on the cake, but now I'm just getting greedy.The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent is a film that is going to be talked about for years. The way it is constructed and written leaves it as a prime candidate for multiple viewings. It is genuinely laugh-out-loud funny and earns every one of them. I can't wait to watch this one again and again.
8 The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent. Nicholas Cage movie, about Nicholas Cage and his fight between his artistic aspirations and his chasing of the big bucks as a movie star. In other words there's lots of over acting, lots of action and it's very very clever and funny. A wonderful movie and we'll worth seeing . 8/10.
10 This film was so fun & hilarious! Nicholas Cage as a fictional version of himself was awesome. His chemistry with Pedro Pascal was prefect. Massive talent is a must watch for Nicholas Cage fans.
9 Nicholas Cage is back!Not that he went anywhere.You don't have to be Cage fan to like this movie, but it helps.Besides who doesn't love Nick.Especially when his alter ego from "Wild At Heart" is digitally de-aged and gets to ride shotgun as his conscience during this 1hr 45 min action, crime, thriller, laugh out loud comedy Cage Fest.Nick plays himself as a cash-strapped Nicolas Cage even though at his poorest he still had 25 million dollars in the bank, even after his real life expensive divorce.British actor Sharon Horgan plays his on screen wife "Olivia".In "The Unbearable Weight Of Massive Talent" Nick agrees through his agent "Richard Fink", Neil Patrick Harris, during a funny steam room scene to make a paid one million dollar appearance at a billionaire freaky super fan's birthday party...just so he can pay his massive Hotel bill of $600,000.In the next 1 hour and 47 minutes Nick is enlisted as an informant for the CIA, who suspect the billionaire fan, Pedro Pascal as Olive Garden Mogul "Javi Gutierrez" is a drug kingpin.The real CIA agents are Tiffany Haddish as "Vivian" and Ike Barinholtz as Martin.If Ike looks familiar its because his brother is starring as "Marcus" in #Netflix "Superstore".However Javi is keen for Cage to read his script and get cast in his next movie...this is when all hell and fun breaks loose.Bear in mind I watched this film the night after seeing "Everything Everywhere All At Once", so I leapt from one trippy movie into another where Nicholas Cage is playing himself and even when he's not on screen word on the street is he is permanently in Nick Cage mode.Nicolas Cage joins a long list of actors who played themselves in movies including AL Pacino, Bruce Willis, Keanu Reeves, John Malkovich, Sean Penn, Anna Faris, Charlie Sheen, Jean-Claude Van Damme, Bill Murray, Bruce Campbell, Joaquin Phoenix, Ben Affleck, Julia Roberts, James Franco and Arnold Schwarzenegger.Blink and you'll miss it moments: Demi Moore as the movie version of "Olivia" and Director David Gordon Green playing himself.In Pascals own words this movie is "really fu*$ing funny" which is why I'm giving it 9 stars!
10 Watching this film I was unsure if it was a comedy, a farce, or Nick Cage's personal fever dream, but no matter what it was, I loved it! Clever and compelling, this film weaves a tale that results in laughs both hearty and wry. A+
10 Nicoles cage at his best ,and he has finally accepted the fact that he is a meme and this movie no exception. It has many nods to his past works and I love what they have down with this the movie, it truly is something beyond words. The comedy is spot on and is the funniest film I've seen in memory and the comedic timing really puts it at the best of all time. This movie deserves the credit it gets and I hope others can see it for the way it is ,rather than a fad of the time. An if this was the ultimate send of for Nicoles cage this is the perfect movie for any actor to make and I wish others would do the same. It really makes you respect the actor more than you did before even if his movies can be cheesey and poorly performed,but this is something else it is a showcase of his strong point as an actor. An I think as an actor nicoles is very misunderstood for his actual good performances, because in the end of the day he is a good actor it's just the reputation he has. So if you are reading this I hope you can understand the points I have brought up and truly enjoy this movie.
10 I would watch 10 seasons of this as a tv series. And Pedro Pascal...what a pleasure to watch. A whole world of comedy gold to be mined there. And Nicolas Cage .. a career that has some of the most memorable and comic/tragic scenes ever filmed.Leaving Las Vegas has inspired and haunted me from the first time I saw it. The casino scene where Nic tips the table over screaming about his son....But the Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent honours Nic's persona in such a delightful way... every scene was a treat and the movie ends way too soon.
7 To give you insight into my relationship with Nicolas Cage, I will quote the end of my review for his movie Jiu Jitsu, which I gave 1 star:"This is just a straight-garbage movie. Damn you Nick Cage!... I wonder what movie of his I'll watch next."I've been a fan of his for so long. I think he's very talented and has a certain crazy appeal that you don't see from other actors. And I keep watching most of his movies even as they plummet in quality and rarely make it to cinemas. He still makes them entertaining, even if they are awful. This is a huge contrast to other former A-list actors who have gone down the same path but with unwatchable movies. Like fellow Face/Off star John Travolta or Bruce Willis (we will miss you!).So when they decide to make a movie that's essentially all about Nick Cage, of course I'm 100% in. And I have to say, this is his best movie in years. It's levels above the quality of his recent direct-to-video movies and is definitely cinema-worthy.I laughed a lot. A couple parts had me crying from laughter. And when I wasn't laughing I was generally amused. It felt so refreshing to laugh with his movie rather than at it. And with the lack of comedy movies lately, this came at a perfect time.Other than the comedy, this is a mostly well-made movie with a story and characters that kept me invested. I love the meta aspect. Nick Cage's performance in this role is perfect. It has a good supporting cast with the standout being Pedro Pascal. He's so likeable and has great chemistry with Nick Cage. Their relationship drives the movie. Pedro Pascal is a star.I had a great time with this movie. I think most will enjoy it, but the ones who will appreciate it the most are the fans who are familiar with his work. (1 viewing, early screening 4/13/2022)My favorite Nick Cage movies:(1) Face/Off(2) Kick-Ass(3) Matchstick Men(4) The Rock(5) Con Air(6) National Treasure(7) The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent(8) Next(9) Knowing(10) Lord of WarI didn't know if I should count Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse since his role is so small, but it would be behind Matchstick Men.
8 Very cheesy, but self aware. It was good to laugh at the movies again. Pedro Pascal and Nick Cage somehow made magic together. An unlikely but very effective duo. Even the action scenes were well done. Awesome cast and stunning location. A hilarious and fun ride.
8 Greetings again from the darkness. Calling all Nicolas Cage fans! Put the bunny back in the box and get ready for the most fun you'll ever have with Nicolas or Nic or Nick or Nicky. And if one Cage isn't enough for you, you're in luck. This film has Nicolas Cage playing the (somewhat) fictional Nick Cage, and Nicolas Kim Coppola (Nicolas Cage's birth name) playing imaginary alter-ego Nicky, a younger version of Nicolas Cage from the WILD AT HEART era who spends the movie constantly reminding Nick that he's a movie star.If you can't make much sense out of all that, don't worry, writer-director Tom Gormican and co-writer Kevin Etten have created a film that is sure to strike a chord with Nicolas Cage fans. What we see is a parody going meta in a surreal way. Very few get to star in the tribute to their own legend, but that's what happens here. Nicolas Cage goes 'inside baseball' on the career of Nicolas Cage ... only he does so as struggling actor Nick Cage, an actor so desperate for "the role of a lifetime" that he improvs a reading for director David Gordon Green (Cage's director on JOE) in the parking lot of Chateau Marmont.Having been kicked out of his rental after falling behind $600,000 in rent, Nick agrees to take a humiliating job pitched by his agent, Fink (Neil Patrick Harris). For one million dollars, he is to fly to Mallorca and hang out at the birthday party of rich super fan, Javi Gutierrez (a terrific Pedro Pascall, "The Mandalorian"). The twist here is that CIA agents played by Tiffany Haddish and Ike Barinholtz suspect Javi of being a notorious gun dealer who has kidnapped the young daughter of the Catalonia President. Spy-type shenanigans ensue as Nick and Javi develop a bromance that finds the two new buddies writing a film script together. And if that's not quite enough subplots, you should know that Nick is at a breaking point in his relationship with his ex-wife Olivia (Sharon Horgan) and teenage daughter Abby (Lily Sheen, real life daughter of Michael Sheen and Kate Beckinsale).The zaniness includes nods to more than a dozen Nicolas Cage movies, and much of the fun is derived from recognizing these. Easter eggs are everywhere for fans, and Nic expertly plays Nick (and Nicky) as a loving tribute to the characters we've seen in so many iconic films over the years. Additionally, on screen love is provided for the 1920 classic, THE CABINET OF DR. CALIGARI, as well as the more recent gem, PADDINGTON 2 (2017), making this a tribute to cinema lovers, Nicolas Cage fans, and comedies in general. I will admit to disliking director Gormican's 2014 movie, THAT AWKWARD MOMENT, so much that I hoped he was done as a filmmaker. It turns out, he's back (and much improved) ... not that he ever went anywhere.Opens in theaters on April 22, 2022.
7 At more than one stage appearing destined for a sad demise in the lands of direct to video releases that ranged from the tolerable to the diabolical, the recent career revival and public adoration towards Oscar winner and walking meme Nicolas Cage has been a sight to behold and easily one of feel good stories of modern Hollywood history.It's hard to nail down an exact time and place where Cage reminded us all that he is in fact some form of national treasure but with the likes of recent releases such as Mandy, Joe, Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse and last years wonderful surprise Pig, Cage has started to deliver products that are not only on par with his early to mid-90's output but arguably career best with new meta-comedy The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent taking Cage's new found place in the adoring world to all new levels of goodness.Teaming up with sophomore feature director Tom Gormican to bring his real-life persona into a wild mix of his Hollywood self, Cage is here playing himself in a wild adventure that see's the committed performer a guest at Pedro Pascal's Javi Gutierrez's Spanish villa as the long-time Cage fanboy invites him to his home in an event that quickly turns dangerous as Cage is called upon help the US government stop a group of deadly arms dealers.Narratively there's nothing to get overly excited about here but the glue that holds this romp all together is the fact Gormican brings out the absolute best of Cage that is sure to be a treat to anyone that has watched his career blossom from bit parts in Fast Times at Ridgemont High, to Oscar glory in Leaving Las Vegas then sad appearances in the likes of The Wicker Man or Left Behind, with Cage here having the time of his life reflecting on his up and down career, riffing of his imaginary younger self and creating comedic gold chemistry with his co-star who proves his just as at home in a film such as this as he is in Mexican cartels and battling evil in a galaxy far far away.Rarely stopping for a moments pause, once Cage arrives as Javi's picturesque villa and strikes up a budding friendship with the film loving screenwriting fan, Weight just goes for broke as it throws Cage in a series of over the top and crazy situations with highlights coming thick and fast in the form of cliff jumps and acid trips and while it does start to lose steam once Cage's ex-wife and daughter arrive on the scene around the three quarters mark, there's a lot of good will built up from the film that ensures its never far from providing a fun time for all who signed up for the adventure to Cage's world that we are just living in.A film that for all intents and purposes should never have existed if we were to rewind mere years ago, Weight is a memorable addition to the totally unique and once in a lifetime career of one of Hollywood's most engaging icons, Weight has no right being as entertaining as it is as it gives us an insight into the world of Nic Cage, the man, the myth and the legend.Final Say -Likely to be a new favourite for any of Nic Cage's long-term fans or new bandwagoners, The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent is a hugely entertaining film that doesn't unleash anything spectacular but does a fine job of allowing its leading men to have an absolute blast in a meta-comedy that will be one of 2022's most genuinely surprising outings.3 1/2 Donnie Brasco situations out of 5For more reviews check out Jordan and Eddie (The Movie Guys)
10 The only way I see people not liking this movie is if they openly dislike Nicholas Cage in general. Not only does the dynamic with Pedro Pascal work SO WELL in this movie but I would argue that its some of the best acting either of them have done in their careers.I was worried the humor would get cheesy but man, there were plenty of great laughs. Even funnier if you get all the Nicholas Cage references but the movie doesn't rely on it. That definitely contributes to how the meta movie is at times but they also find other ways to do that.Maybe the most pleasantly surprising aspect was the emotional moments. Despite the movie not being super consequential, you still feel the impact of the deeper scenes and I loved that. I had a feeling this movie would be good and I'm happy to say it exceeded my expectations. 10/10.
9 Pedro Pascal and Nicholas Cage come across like they've been doing buddy movies together as long as Hope and Crosby. The trailer does give away some of the best bits but there's plenty more. There is bit of a lull in the lead up to the transition to the finale. But that is forgiveable as you really want to root for these characters and their relationship and see how they get through the finale. "Surprise" ending really wasn't but still satisfying.
8 Mr Cage hasn't made anything spectacular in a while so I went in with minimal expectations. It was a free screening ( Thank you Lionsgate) and made plans to leave halfway through. We couldn't leave. The movie was action packed, hilarious and thought provoking. The life imitates art- imitates life trope brought to you shiny and explody.
10 Wow,I really had to let this film digest for a few days after seeing it. The last time I've felt this way watching a film was after seeing Joaquin Pheonixs Oscar winning performance in Joker. Nicolas Cage performance in this film was absolutely spine chilling and one I'll never forget. Another Oscar is coming his way.
8 Went to an early investor AMC screening and had a great time. Nic makes fun of himself almost the entire film. There's a great energy to this movie, you'll be thinking about it when you wake up the next day. Enjoy.
8 I saw The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent, starring Nicolas Cage-Pig, Kick_Ass; Pedro Pascal-The Mandalorian_tv, Game of Thrones_tv; Neil Patrick Harris-The Matrix Resurrections, the Smurfs movies and Tiffany Haddish-The Card Counter, Like a Boss.If you are a Nicolas Cage fan-I am-you should enjoy this movie. They reference most of his movies in some form or another. It even opens on two people watching the end of Con Air. Nicolas plays a stylized version of himself, trying to get his next big movie with not much luck. He is estranged from his wife and daughter and talking to a counselor about his life choices. Neil plays his manager that gets him a $1 million dollar offer to appear at a billionaire's birthday party. Pedro is the birthday boy. Tiffany is a C. I. A. Agent that jumps at the chance to use Nicolas as a spy on Pedro, saying he is a drug kingpin and a kidnapper. There is great chemistry between Nicolas & Pedro, as they both become friends and lots of humor with some action thrown in. There is a recurring plot device where Nicolas talks to and gets advice from his younger self-in the credits, it says Young Nicky was played by Nicolas Kim Coppola but that is Nicolas' real name. There are a couple of cameos, one an actress and one a director.It's rated R for language, drug use, violence and sexual content-no nudity-and has a running time of 1 hour & 47 minutes.I really liked it and would buy it on Blu_Ray.
8 It is a tricky thing on film, to parody your film image without making it an homage (or a complete trashing) of yourself. And, in THE UNBEARABLE WEIGHT OF MASSIVE TALENT, Nicholas Cage (playing Nick Cage) has found the line perfectly.Conceived, written and Directed by Tom Cormican (THAT AWKWARD MOMENT), UWOMT (as I will call it here on out) is a meta-film that has Nicholas Cage playing a highly stylized and fictionalized version of himself. In this film, Nick Cage is desperate for work and going broke, when a rich fan offers him $1 million to appear at a birthday party. What happens next is bizarre, gonzo and out-of-control - and a lot of fun.Let's start with the man himself, Nicholas Cage, once he was convinced to do this film (and it took some convincing, for he turned this film down at least 3 times), he dives in with both feet and with full gusto filling Nick Cage with the wild actions and antics that are the basis of many, many Nicholas Cage memes. It is a knowing characterization by Cage, but one that knows when to pull back (not a trait often associated with him) and he does it all without winking at the camera.Credit for this must go to Writer/Director Cormican (and his co-writer Kevin Etten),who had a clear vision of what they wanted to accomplish here, what tone they wanted to set, and how "meta" they wanted this film to be. And they accomplish this goal well, making an interesting and intriguing comedy/action flick that will satisfy many...but, especially, fans of Nicholas Cage.Along for the fun ride are Neil Patrick Harris, Tiffany Hadish, Ike Barinholtz and Sharon Horgan who all deliver the right vibe for this film (as well as a couple of cameos that would be a spoiler to mention). They all look like that they are having a fun time.But...the glue that holds all of this craziness together is the performance of Pedro Pascual (NARCOS, THE MANDILORIAN) who plays the millionaire Superfan who hires Cage and, eventually, befriends him. This is a masterful, comedic performance and it is Pascual's sincerity (without going into buffoonery or overplaying) that grounds this film just enough that you actually care about the relationship between Pascual's character, Javy, and Cage.A ton of fun, not only for the performances and wild events, but for the many, many references to fun Cage films/roles of the past - items that will now motivate many (including myself) to check out.Letter Grade: A8 stars (out of 10) and you can take that to the Bank(ofMarquis)
10 I went into the theater with low expectations. But after watching the movie I was speechless it was amazing there were many funny scenes are there was also many references in the movie. References including paddington to face off and many more and to end it off the cinematography was better than expected.
8 "The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent" is an action comedy film directed and co-written by Tom Gormican ("That Awkward Moment"). Starring Nicolas Cage as a fictional version of himself, along with Pedro Pascal, it is an amusing deconstruction of the veteran actor's career that also doubles as a fun action film in its own right.After several decades of movies behind him, actor Nicolas Cage now believes he is in a slump and decides to retire from acting altogether. With his funds running low, Cage decides to accept an offer of $1 million to appear at the birthday party of Spanish billionaire Javi Gutierrez (Pedro Pascal), a self-professed Nicolas Cage super-fan. Shortly after arriving in Spain, Cage is whisked away by a pair of CIA agents, who inform him that Javi is actually a notorious drug kingpin thought to have kidnapped the daughter of a Presidential candidate. At the agents' insistence, Cage is recruited as an informant to gather intel on Javi, which inevitably forces Cage to re-enact some of his most famous film roles in the process.What is it about Nicolas Cage that makes him such an enjoyable actor to watch? Could it be that distinct drawl to his speaking voice? Could it be his unusually odd physical appearance? Could it be his bizarre, over-the-top acting style? Or, could it be the fact that he has appeared in almost every genre of film you can imagine? Personally, I'd say it's all of the above. Nevertheless, no matter what film he is in, Nicolas Cage always manages to leave an impression on the viewer regardless of the quality of his performance. Adding to Cage's already large filmography, "The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent" brings out all of these signature traits in a clever self-parody of both fame in general and being... well... Nicolas Cage.Right from the beginning, you get the impression that this film is completely self-aware of its strange subject matter - the everyday life of actor Nicolas Cage. We extensively watch Cage's disillusionment over how much his celebrity status is affecting everyone around him, including his close family. All of his fans and other associates hold him in varied regards, with some loving his eccentricities and others dismissing him for the very same reason. This, of course, is reflected in real life, which has caused Cage to become something of a meme figure among filmgoers (there's even an online Reddit community devoted to him called "One True God"). Because of this, it all makes a weird amount of sense for us to see an entire movie based around the almost cult of personality Cage has attracted over the years and this one handles things in the best way possible.Back in the 90s, Nicolas Cage starred in many memorable films such as "Face/Off", "Con Air", and "The Rock", all of which helped cement his status as a star among audiences. It is his unique performances and line deliveries in these films that people the world over are still able to recall even to this day ("Put the bunny back in the box!"). It's pretty damn funny watching Cage recreate and requote several of these moments as he works to stop a terrorist, this time not as a character, but as himself. Best of all, I really appreciated how this film treats Nicolas Cage as an actual person and not simply a walking talking meme. If anything, Cage seems weirded out like any other normal person would by the strong fan following he has achieved. One scene involves him viewing a lifesize mannequin of his "Face/Off" character Castor Troy, making a remark about its "grotesque" appearance. Immediately after, Cage asks if he can buy the mannequin. This made me realise how big of a figure Nicolas Cage truly is in the acting world, obtaining a particular level of quirky popularity many can only dream of. The only other actors I think come close to Cage's level of recognition are Christopher Walken and Steve Buscemi. As a result, the film in its entirety can be viewed as something of a celebration of Cage's career accomplishments up until this point.In addition to all this, the film also functions as a solid action thriller on its own. Even if you aren't a fan of Cage or his films, you can still admire the well-shot car chase scenes and the suspenseful shoot-outs. This is where Cage really starts to embrace his classic action hero persona, recalling his prior knowledge of the characters he has played in the movies and using them against enemies. After all, the whole plot about rescuing a politician's daughter from a terrorist definitely sounds like something straight out of a cheesy 90s action flick, of which one would expect to see an actor like Nicolas Cage in the starring role. The filmmakers didn't need to go all out with the high-octane genre thrills in a film intended to be comedic but I'm glad they did.You've got to give major credit to someone like Nicolas Cage. There aren't too many actors out there who'd be this willing to poke fun of themselves to such a ridiculous degree but Cage would undoubtedly be at the top of that metaphorical list. Not only does Cage play a fictional version of himself but also "Nicky Cage", an imagined variation of his "Wild at Heart" character Sailor Ripley. All of Cage's trademarks can be seen in this film, from his random outbursts to his off-putting delivery of certain lines. It's worth noting that Cage is infamous on-set for his frequent improvising during takes so I wouldn't be surprised if some of the film's best scenes were the result of just that. I can't imagine any other actor who would be able to have a film made around them in this style so for that reason alone it is worth seeing.Also, there aren't too many actors who would be able to hold their own alongside Nicolas Cage but Pedro Pascal pulls the job off flawlessly as Javi. Pascal previously gave a comically over-the-top performance in "Wonder Woman 1984", a role I think Cage could have easily played if he were a few years younger. I loved watching how each time Cage would say or do something odd, Javi looked as though he was mimicking him right back, almost like parrot innocently copying human speech. As the film progresses, we see that Javi really does care about Cage as a person and never comes across as an outright creepy fan holding him against his will. Like Javi, Pascal is reportedly a big fan of Cage in real life, so this makes his performance feel even more passionate and genuine.For the past 40 years, Nicolas Cage has entertained, shocked, frightened, disgusted, angered, annoyed, confused, humoured, and blown the minds of anyone willing to sit through his large catalogue of films. Few actors can make others feel this many different emotions but Cage always manages to find a way. Whether you love him or hate him for that, there's no denying that Cage will always have a reputation as one of the most unique actors to ever grace the big screen. If a film like "The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent" is anything to go off, then it seems there's plenty more to come.I rate it 8/10.
5 A mixed-bag Hollywood comedy, suffering from the usual complaint which is that all the best scenes are in the trailer. This one offers a broad satire of filmmaking in the COVID era, with a lot of lockdowns, bubbles and hygiene-following. A sprawling ensemble cast are efficient in their roles, some funnier than others, but sadly the wit tends to be bypassed in favour of dumber sex or vomit gags. I did enjoy the dancing scenes and the CGI jokes, however.
3 Oh no, this is very bad.I've enjoyed most of the other Judd Apatow films I've seen, and I really like some of the tv shows he's written for including Freaks and Geeks, Love, and Girls (I know some people hate that last one but I like it, sue me).In telling the story of a troubled film production occurring during the pandemic, there's potential here, plus a lot of the cast have been funny in other films before. Movies about difficult or unconventional film shoots are often very entertaining, too.... but this won't join the ranks of Ed Wood, Be Kind Rewind, Living In Oblivion, The Disaster Artist, or Dolemite Is My Name; not by a long shot (if The Bubble looks intriguing to you, just watch any of those films instead. They're all much better).This and a few COVID-era stand up specials (most notably Aziz Ansari's latest middling half-hour special) have shown that to make COVID funny, you have to make something really good, clever, or creative. It's becoming apparent that it's a hard subject to make funny. I don't think it's impossible to laugh at parts of it, but given its so recent and so many of us are still living through it, bad to average COVID-themed humour lands with more of a dull thud than bad to average regular humour.Plus, it doesn't help that a lot of the jokes here that aren't particularly relevant to the pandemic are pretty toothless and boring. The banter just isn't funny- the semi-improvised sounding types of conversations that were funny in Apatow's The 40-Year-Old Virgin and Knocked Up just aren't funny here.I smiled a little a couple of times, but when your comedy's over a couple of hours long, that's just not enough. I checked the time at point, thinking I was a over halfway done, and I was less than 40 minutes in. I checked it again when I felt like there was half an hour left, and there was still 65 minutes to go.It's not good. And it uses a terrible Miley Cyrus cover of Heart of Glass at one point, which was a bit offensive.
5 Watched this film at Paris theater in NYC aka the Netflix Theater. Without spoiling much, I will just that this film is not very funny. Contrary, it's long, it's got too many characters, the storyline is very vague and confusing, and the jokes are not there. Judd Apatow was bragging about finishing the script in 8 weeks, and honestly it really felt so.
3 Not once did I laugh, at most I had about two 'slight chuckles'. None of the characters are interesting, there are two many, and the writing is sophomoric at best. It anything it gave a slight documentary of what film sets went through during the pandemic but other than that it does not serve a purpose.
5 Don't get me wrong, I love a good joke. I just don't love the same joke being repeated over and over for two hours. There's plenty to mock over the past couple of years and I applaud this movie for having a go but it would've been much better if someone who actually understood comedy had written this, like Ricky Gervais or the Monty python crowd. But no. In typical Netflix fashion we get a corporate confection of mediocrity.
4 Alright, let me break your bubble here.. I usually enjoy Judd Apatow's low-brow comedies, but this one reminds us of everything we hated about the early stages of the pandemic with added celebrity commentary. The humor didn't land for me most of the time, and even with a spectacular cast, the film never hits the highs you expect. It just gets by with a meandering screenplay that neither engages nor makes us root for any of its whiny, privileged characters. Well, Apatow's trying otherwise - he wants us to laugh at (and not with) everyone in the film industry dominated by corporate giants and larger-than-life characters. The pandemic was a bad phase, and no films needed to be made around that subject. Some fleeting flourishes aside (mostly from Pedro Pascal and a few cameos), The Bubble is honestly a letdown!
3 Premise had a lot of potential. The cast are talented. The film is just not very good. It's poorly paced and the gags are flat. Could've been great with a rewrite that included actual jokes and slicker dialogue.Not a good film by any measure.
7 Ignore the usual one score reviews. Same people basically stating it's the same as some of the worse movies in history. Pathetic. It's pretty funny. Easy viewing but if your looking for story and Oscar performances then obviously this ain't the film.Rest of you one scorers need to grow up a bit really. Your ruining the worth of the sites reviews.
1 The acting talent they had at their disposal & this is what they came up with?? Absolutely awful, the script was ridiculously bland along with just an odd aura of trying too hard.Just can't believe my subscription paid for this.
5 Following the critical and box office failure of her vehicle, Jerusalem Uprising, Carol Cobb (Karen Gillan) returns to the dinosaur action franchise Cliff Beasts for the sixth installment. Due to the COVD pandemic production is set up in a "bubble" in England where Carol and the other actors will live together to prevent any infections. As producer Gavin (Peter Serafinowicz) impotently tries to rein in negative publicity, on set tensions, and vices of the cast, the initially planned three month shoot gets extended again and again.Cliff Beasts is the latest film from director Judd Apatow who also writes the film alongside Pam Brady best known for her work with South Park creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker on the first three seasons of South Park, South Park: Bigger, Longer, & Uncut, as well as Team America: World Police. The COVD pandemic has inspired a number of films attempting to capitalize on the pandemic ranging from Steven Soderbergh's surprisingly good Kimi, to slapdash productions like Songbird and Locked, and bottom of the barrel schlock like Corona: Fear is a Virus or The Covid Killer, however comedies have yet to tap into the genre save for outliers like NBC's short lived Connected or Freeform's Love in the Time of Corona both of which didn't particularly resonate with audiences. I think because of the nature of the pandemic it's been difficult to put any sort of comedic spin on the material especially in regards to the real world insanity and stupidity that doesn't lend itself all that well to exaggeration. With a strong cast of comedians and noted creative forces behind the camera The Bubble is possibly the biggest COVD film we've seen yet and has the makings of something truly insightful, but at a little over two hours long and filled with abrasive characters The Bubble has some moments of humor but as a whole doesn't come together.Like other comedies that have attempted to approach the COVD pandemic, Apatow runs into the issue of having to create comic chaos in a place where everything is very controlled and structured and that rigidity ends up working against the talents of the cast as there's long sequences where they're forced to be by themselves or maybe with one other person and we really don't get the best environment for creating comic friction. Karen Gillan is our lead Carol Cobb and she's a fine actress with a strong repertoire of work, but her main gimmick is basically just taking very casual abuse from the cast, crew, and even her boyfriend who dumps her over video conferencing and continues to live in her house with a random waitress. The worst thing you can do in a comedy is make us feel sorry for the characters and that's what happens as we for the most part as we watch relationships deteriorate and egos clash and you feel like you're trapped with these people with no escape. Eventually when the movie becomes a bonkers "escape" film in the final 20 minutes it becomes a little funnier and gets more energy, but after two hours it's too little too late and it doesn't make up for all the floundering gags and dead spots littered throughout the move. Even the Cliff Beasts sequences which parody the Jurassic World films (even down to using similar font) aren't all that funny or engaging and it doesn't feel like Apatow's approach to this kind of satire has evolved since 2008's Forgetting Sarah Marshall where he took a similar approach to cookie cutter crime procedurals with Crime Scene: Scene of the Crime. The Cliff Beasts segments aren't silly enough to be all that funny and they also never feel like a true approximation of the box office crap The Bubble is poking fun at, and frankly when you have serious blockbusters like Moonfall that are far more insane and funnier than anything in The Bubble it undercuts whatever satire might've been attempted.The Bubble is unfortunately not up to the standards of its talented cast and crew. While there are brief bits of comic insanity sprinkled throughout, they're undone by an overly long runtime and the restrictive nature of the premise so the movie never really fires off. Maybe if this had been framed as a mockumentary it could've used the awkwardness and isolation more effectively, in fact the documentary film within a film Beasts of the Bubble looks like a much more entertaining film by comparison. Some good moments, but not enough for me to recommend it.
7 If you fancy a bit of escapism during these hard times then you have come to the right place. This is a pretty silly but amusing comedy about a movie production during Covid.I'm not going to lie, the film is a bit all over the place, the pacing is either super fast or super slow and at times it seems like its going on forever. The film they are filming is silly and I guess this is what you might call a parody of the industry and Hollywood.There are also a ton of Cameos, as expected from an Apatow film, this is however one of the less structured Apatow comedy's out there.Strangely enough Leslie Mann is in this film...... who would have thought Eh. Whats that ???? Iris Apatow is in this film as well. Surely she plays the daughter of Leslie Manns character ( just like in real life ) !!! No..... she doesn't., She plays the young Tik Tok star. Dennis Hoppers daughter Galen makes her screen debut in possibly one of the most pointless characters ever but she was fine I guess.Both David Duchovny and Pedro Pascal looked hungover all the way through this film, which is fine as they were playing characters who were mainly hungover.I like Karen Gillan and her character is fine, slightly dull, again often looked tired or hungover. The feeling I got is that the cast this during lockdown about filming during lockdown and just had a laugh making it under similar conditions the film was trying to portray.It was all very tongue in cheek and often seemed quite ad-libbed.I don't remember seeing Apatow in a cameo ?At times the film has some laugh out loud moments, some mildly amusing moments, Silly moments and then some really missed the mark moments. You began to wonder where its all heading and kind of switch of a little but something keeps pulling you back into this ridiculous situation.Its nothing ground breaking but it was fairly unique and a fun concept.I should really be marking this a 6 but I got hooked in and enjoyed it so its a 6.5 or 7.
4 This film was not what I had hoped for. It had big stars, an acclaimed comedy director and a promising premise but it just fell short on so many levels.The premise is about a bunch of actors and a film crew trying to make a movie during the pandemic and it starts off quite strong. I chuckled here and there, the writing was tighter and it had relatability when it came to the pandemic stuff. That's where I have to give it points, the satire was decent here but that's the only place I can give it points.The acting, cinematography, music was all okay, nothing unexpected and everyone does their job well here.It was the writing and the pacing that really brings this film down. Around 75% into the first act all the way until the credits rolled, I found myself zoning in and out of the film. This film could have been a 90 minute film or even shorter. 2 hours dragged the whole thing out and it felt like a chore to finish the film just to get it done with. There was a tongue in cheek ending which kind of makes up for a little bit of this by being self aware but even still it was very lacklustre. The jokes became very flat and I found myself have 0 reaction to any of it. Even the comic relief character was decent but they were under used and taken out of the film quite early on.Alongside this, the characters are all uninteresting and with the flat jokes and dragged out narrative, there's nothing really to keep you watching.Overall the film starts of good then slowly delves into a long drag.P. S. The choreographed dances were feel good..it was one of the few instances in the film that uplifted it alongside the welcome cameos.
7 If you didn't understand the humor you won't like it. It's a great mocumentary about hollywood and quarantine mixed together. If you watch it high it's super funny so try that too.
8 I don't understand the low scores here. Sure it's not as sophisticated and touching as most Judd Apatow films but it's still really funny and realistic. It's fascinating and sure a bit traumatising watching the film cast and crew slowly go crazy in different ways, like we all remember. Of course it does go a bit gross and farcical as it goes on but in a way for good reason. And a fascinating look at the movie business too. David Duchovny is especially great in this while the others are a bit too much of caricatures. But all in all it's an amazing ensemble and a story of our times. Some great cameos too.
6 Hollywood is hell and actors are all spoiled soulless idiots who lie for a living. Add Covid to the mix and you get a not so subtle criticism of the exotically insane art of making movies and how toxic things can get. So, a brilliant premise, but a lackluster implementation. Most of the cast are actors that I admire or at least like, but their characters were unsympathetic and the jokes dull. Funny enough, from all of the famous actors that played in the film, Iris Apatow was the one to steal the show, even if she had a completely secondary character.Bottom line: I didn't expect much and still I got disappointed. Perhaps this should have been a drama and not a comedy.
1 This is just a cash grabbing attempt from the director. Yes good cast jokes are not funny.. too damn long... don't see the point of this thing... really don't wast 2 hours of your life with this...
8 I don't understand the low ratings. Obviously these people have absolutely no sense of humor whatsoever. It was funny and Pedro Pascal completely stole the show. I didn't know he could be so funny but he was.
1 I was just looking forward to a fun Friday night movie. Nothing serious, something silly and funny. In the end the movie was just not meeting any of my expectations. It just wasn't funny... It felt neverending. Maybe they were trying to make a point with the ongoing pandemic.I do not recommend it. I don't even think that I would find it funny if I was high.
6 The Bubble follows a group of actors trying to make a movie in the middle of the Covid-19 Pandemic. However, things go awry, and the actors find themselves suck in a nightmare scenario that seems like it is meant to be a satire of the film industry. While this movie has moments, it is kind of all over the place and almost a satire of itself. The one thing this film has going for it is its cast, but there are too many characters, so they all come off as flat and one-dimensional. Daisy Radley's cameo was my favorite part. It was so random and made no sense that I couldn't help but laugh. I also enjoyed James McAvoy's cameo. All in all, The Bubble feels like Netflix's attempt to make its own version of Tropic Thunder. However, like a lot of Netflix's movies, it lacks the originality, humor, and even depth that Tropic Thunder has. I won't spoil anything, but there are a lot of comparisons that could be made between the two films. And I would highly recommend watching Tropic Thunder over this.
1 This is a pile of garbage. It's not in any way funny, clever or satirical. This is a pile of rubbish. It is a waste of streaming time and brings down the reputation of any service that streams it. This is a huge pile of waste. Do not waste your time with it!
5 A group of so-so actors who have made the dinosaur franchise 'Cliff Beasts' come to a lavish English hotel to make the sixth mostly green screen instalment whilst locked down from COVID. The studio take extreme steps to keep them filming come what may whilst the cast go slowly mad.Whilst there is much to dislike here - lots of characteristic Apatow shouting and waffling interminable rubbish that means nothing, I kinda liked this. It's a good cast with stand out comic performances for me by David Duchovny, Pedro Pascal and the ever wonderful Peter Serafinowicz. In addition if you listen and watch carefully enough there are some scenes and off the cuff remarks that lean more towards the biting satire on actors, current film audiences and Hollywood that this needed to be and at those times this is genuinely funny. You need to be tolerant around the piles of rubbish, but in the right mood this is a sweet and quite fun movie.
1 This is the most terrible, boring, meaningless excuse for a film I've had the displeasure of watching in a long, long time. Absolute trash from beginning to end. Do not waste your time on this, like I did. Life's too short.
1 Please please avoid. This is the worst thing I have watched. Its beyond stupid. Such a shame as a great cast of stars who are usually funny but in this just terrible.
1 I like Judd Apatow and alot of his movies but this one is not on that list. There was nothing funny. David Duchovny, not funny at all. Why was he even there?I switched it over to the Watch Paint Dry channel on Youtube and got a few laughs.
1 It's bad. So bad. Excruciatingly bad. I somehow managed to clench my teeth and gut it out until the very end. Not sure why. Guess I hate myself. Perhaps I did something horrible in a past life and I subconsciously wanted to punish myself. Mission accomplished. OMG this is thing is just awful!
10 This will go down as the greatest Indian films ever, Storyline was more sublime than ever
Grand performance from Yash, bit illogical fights but yes anything comes under fiction and if you're getting a story like this then nothing comes close
KGF 2 - surely A MASTERPIECE.
10 KGF Chapter 1 movie was just a Trailer, But this movie is a feast. Prashanth Neel kept his words and wrote such a Marvellous script. Some fools may say that KGF Chapter 2 is terrible, but being a movie lover I really loved the content. This really did well above the expectations and I really loved it. This movie is only made for action movie lovers only, Family sentiment and love story movie lovers will surely dislike due to it's action scenes. That's because these guys ain't have brain and Intelligence Quotient in their brain to understand this movie. Better I recommend them to watch love story/ Family Sentiment movies rather than Action Movies like KGF Chapter 2.Ps: The spoiler is Achyuth Kumar, who played the role of Gurupandian is the main Antagonist, not Sanjay Dutt.
10 "Hindi viewers, please don't regret later on when it'll be playing on TV and internet." This is what I mentioned in my review of KGF Chapter 1 after I watched it in cinemas. And today, as I witnessed the second chapter of this epic action saga in cinemas as well, I found myself blown away by the gripping plot, gorgeous visuals, stunning action sequences and most importantly, Yash's screen presence as Rocky. I can safely proceed to state that my expectations were not only met, but also surpassed by this fine sequel.KGF Chapter 2 expands the scale and story introduced to us in part 1 and ends up raising the bar higher. The makers were definitely quite confident making it, and it shows in every single frame. From beautifully picturizing the KGF (Kolar Gold Fields) to explosively choreographing the action sequences to elevating Rocky's character at multiple occasions, they have shown they knew what the viewers wanted, and delivered the promise product without any hassle. I was also glad to see heavy cheering and whistling throughout almost the entire duration, and some credit goes to the dialogue writer as well. The music was also good and delivered without interfering with the storytelling (though one song in the second half wasn't really necessary).The biggest plus point of the film is its screenplay. From re-introducing our favorite characters and introducing new ones to building up conflicts and backing them with explosive action, KGF Chapter 2 has all the ingredients of a proper mass entertainer. Not a single scene where it feels dragged or overdone. Sure, it does feel long at times, but it never gets boring, and with several twists and turns, the story remains intriguing till the end.One thing I'd definitely want to tell the viewers is to not simply get up and walk away once the credits start rolling. There is a mid-credits scene, and it's an important one. Other than that, this film should be on your watchlist if you like period action films. In the end, I just feel glad and kind of proud seeing a film I liked in 2018 going on to receive much bigger hype and viewer turnout with its second part in 2022.
9 The screenplay, cuts and sound effects deserves a standing ovation. There are illogical moments but that don't take away you, because the Director keeps you invested in the 'state of disbelief' and that is the success of this movie. There is hardly any sugarcoating to the criminal angle of Rocky, and it is more of a man with a promise to fulfill. Kudos to the entire cast and crew for a honest 'masala movie'!!
10 KGF - Chapter 1, set the tone for a slick gangster franchise-high on style and details. The first part was all about establishing the intentions and power of Raja Krishnappa Bairya aka Rocky Bhai. The second part has managed to create hype with its promotional content that gives a peek into the film. Does the film manage to match the build-up? It does and provides a better sequel and also has a big surprise for fans in the end, too.The film begins with Vijayendra Ingalagi, the son of Anand Ingalagi, taking over as the narrator. Rocky has won over the people of KGF and he is now in the process of dreaming bigger and treading more dangerous paths. In this process, he encounters Adheera, who is inspired by the Vikings and evokes visceral fear, who wants KGF back. Simultaneously, he also has to encounter the righteous Prime Minister Ramika Sen, who also wants Rocky taken down.The story progresses at a brisk pace in a racy tale of Rocky's journey to the top. The film, like the first part, presents a dark, dreary world that is stylishly shot. While the first part took time to prove who the protagonist was and included more time to establish the same, this second part moves quicker and one gets to meet more characters. The conflicts and battles are more interesting this time.This film gets to showcase the emotional side of Rocky too, with a love story and even some glimpses into his past life that fuelled his ambition. The love story doesn't take away too much from the tale either. One of the best shots in the film is the introduction of Adheera played by Sanjay Dutt. It is pure magic on screen and evokes whistles organically. Raveena Tandon as the Prime Minister also has a good track. The other interesting addition is Rao Ramesh as the CBI officer. Prakash Raj also makes for a good narrator, with his baritone adding an immersive experience.The film belongs as much to filmmaker Prashanth Neel as it does to Yash. Both of them have managed to deliver a sequel that seems more immersive than the first part. Albeit, Prashanth has always maintained that the second part had the bigger chunk of his original story when they decided to break it into two parts.For the audience who wants to watch a loaded action film with style, heavy-duty stunts, and dialogues, this one is simply made to order. KGF: Chapter 2 might not appeal to the seemingly woke audience, who would question consent or nitpick on commercial staples like violence. But for those who love such films, here's an essential spoiler, as there is a hint at a possible third chapter in the end credits, so wait until the end.
10 As expected, KGF 2 is getting positive response and sure there's a possibility a box office tsunami and set record.In addition, KGF 2 will be the best Kannada film ever. Sorry to say haters, film will be blockbuster.The plus points are Yash, music and BGM, Prashanth Neel direction and climax.The minus points are runtime, some illogical scenes and weak villain.Once again, Yash has given fantastic performance and wins the hearts of the viewers. Hats off to them for making the best Kannada film ever.Hence, it will probably became the best Indian film of 2022 since RRR.
10 Watched 7 am show.Can't compare with any Hollywood movie. True gem of Indian cinema.. don't call this now a regional cinema. It took Bollywood easily now .Great direction music and high tone acting . Just watch and experience movie as it is. Action drama crime at high level .
9 KFF part 2- Boisterous, loud and machismo type effect, taking Kannada movie to great heights.Almost realistic barring few errors, the strong story line is displayed with bullet train speed, tight screenplay and stunning dialogues.Key characters have been given equal weight and power- that's the best part.Raveena shines as a tigress and pounds heavily. Sanjay Dutt plays his role well.Yash steals the show with his charisma and he is the REAL GOLD. His confidence and dialogue delivery is clap worthy.KGF is KANNADA's GOLD FILM.
10 Blockbuster movie..
Wellmade action sequences...
Loved Rockybhaii style...
Story okaish...
Dialogue delivery outstanding...
Bgm & songs rocking...
Its a most watch movie...
10 KGF CHAPTER 2 : STORM AT THE BOX OFFICE....Director Prashant Neel, the captain of the ship & his entire crew deserves a standing ovation for creating a mammoth.No one should think of watching this on an OTT platform and insult the movie.Nothing to say much, it was such a theatrical experience which could be experienced once or twice in a year.Every artist had dropped their signature.A larger than life show based on a strong emotional foundation.Hats off to the entire team of KGF.
10 It is one of the best movies and a history for indian cinemas.Ot has grate actions and emotions and blah blah blah. It is a gold for indian cinemas.
10 Teaser & Trailer was nothing ! This movie is a pure master piece .. yash , baaba nailed it !!! My respect to Prashant for directing it in such next level way ... can't wait for chapter 3 !!!!
14 April 2022 Right through K. G. F: Chapter 2, I couldn't help but imagine what it must have been like for Prashant Neel to watch The Godfather for the first time. More than the whole film, I'd love to ask him someday about the impact its climax left him with as he watched it in what I imagine to be an old theatre, wherever he grew up. Like the iconic theatre scene in Cinema Paradiso, this moment must have been Prashanth's big life-altering moment, his metamorphosis where he not only discovered the magic of movies but also the concept of "mass" before it became a thing. Without sounding too dramatic, something must have clicked in him because there's no one here who thinks in intercuts like this man.Read the full review on Film Companion.
8 The people who fell in love with the first chapter, I can safely say that they are in for an absolute delight. It's bigger, better and more grand in the truest sense of the word! Prashant Neel knew what the fans wished for and he duly delivers. With electrifying Cinematography, phenomenal background score and a surplus of action set pieces, it's nothing but an Action Junky's dream come true.Regardless, speaking of my personal opinion on it, I did enjoy my time in the theatres, and did take a strong liking to whatever this had in its offerings; However, I wasn't fully sold on it.Halt the hate train and just let me clarify...I have mainly two criticisms, one is about the forceful incorporation of romance (which was mostly counterproductive) and the other one is a somewhat loose portrayal of Sanjay Dutt as "Adheera". Just try to remember what Prashant Neel previously did with Ramachandra Raju as Garuda. That character, not only looked ferocious and frightening he also talked evil, acted evil, and the whole aura around him was appalling to say the very least.Now when it comes to Adheera, the impression is quite distinct. Don't get me wrong, he still is efficient enough and Mr Dutt played the role remarkably well, it's just that his character appeared more like a murderous, bloodthirsty warrior (inspired by Viking traditions) than a vicious, vile adversary against our lead protagonist.For Srinidhi Shetty (as Reena); My qualms are a little different. I would not put the entire blame on her, as she did whatever the director had made her do. It's her character, or the writing rather, that leaves much to be desired. On a side note, I admire what they did with Ramika Sen; she's fierce, desperate and very much to the point. Needless to say, Raveena Tandon did an incredible job as well.Looking at how my review had gone so far, you guys might be having some doubts regarding my judgements, well, don't get any wrong ideas cause I wholeheartedly appreciate the film for what it is and what it represents. And the main reason for my fondness goes to Yash aka Rocky!I'm telling you, this man is something else. I have seen lots of superstars over the years but none come remotely close to what Yash brings to the table. His magnetic personality, the specific way in which he delivers his lines, and the undeniable charisma that he possesses; it's truly one of a kind, unparalleled in every sense.
10 Violence violence violence .. Glorifying the violence is Not easy subject to deal with .. But prashanth neel succeeded it with ease. His elevations are none to nodbody in Indian film directors ... Have been watching his work since Ugram , KGF1 and now KGF2 .... You have got that art in making commercial movies , keep continuing and exploring it more and more ... Movie keeps you high throughout and you would feel movie got ended with blink of an eye ... You would want to watch it few more times so that you feel high for the day ... Sachin gowda , Ravi Basrur and 2 golds in our KFI and they proved it big time with KGF2.
9 #KGFChapter2 This movie has a hype which i have never seen for any Indian Movie. Chapter 1 had set huge expectations & Chapter 2 exceeds all that Expectations. Yash has nailed it with his performance 👏🔥.Prashanth neel has again proved that he is an Ace Director 💯💥
10 Movie is set to break all time indian records. The storyline is unpredictable and goosebumps throughout the movie. Full action on first half and the real story begins at second half .
8 OMG. What did I just watch! KGF Chapter 2 is a blistering, adrenaline-pumping, high-stakes sequel to what was an era-defining part 1 that propelled not just Prashant Neel and superstar Yash but also the entire Kannada film industry, into national prominence. The team has clearly made the best use of the higher budget it received after the first film's success, keeping the emotional resonance from the original intact and building elaborate, well written and intelligently shot and edited mass elevation scenes that will keep you clamouring for more till the awe-inspiring climax.We rejoin our hero, Rocky Bhai as he takes over control of the Kolar Gold Fields after having killed the demonic "Garuda" in the first film, only to have an entire can of worms open up as a consequence with everyone ranging from Garuda's vengeful uncle "Adheera" (Sanjay Dutt) to the Prime Minister of India "Ravika" (Raveena Tandon) training their sights on his lucrative fiefdom. Director Prashant Neel gets his casting choices spot on with both these Bollywood biggies bringing in their A-game as menacing antagonists that hold their own against Yash's sheer swag and star power.The void left by legendary Kannada actor Anand Nat opting not to return to the franchise due to personal reasons was ably filled by National-award winner Prakash Raj, while the rest of the returning cast play their roles with flourish, especially Ayyappa P Sharma as "Vanaram", Harish Rai as "Khasim", Achyuth Kumar as "Guru Pandian" and Govinda Gowda as the cheeky "office assistant". Srinidhi Shetty is nondescript as Rocky Bhai's love interest "Reena", with their romance track bordering on an extreme case of Stockholm Syndrome, being the only hiccup in an otherwise flawless mass masala entertainer.Prashant Neel's ability to smoothly intercut the main timeline with flashbacks to Rocky Bhai's childhood means that the mother character, played ably by Archana Jois, makes an even more emotionally endearing impact on Chapter 2, with the mother-son bond continuing to be the glue that holds together what would otherwise have been a shallow massy outing.Prashant Neel has made creating innovative mass elevation sequences an art form and with a star of Yash's natural badassery and swagger as his foil, the auteur has clearly cut loose with the sheer scale and scope of his sets rising to earthshattering levels, without sacrificing on ingenuity and the ability to catch the audience by surprise. The intro sequences of our three primary characters, played by Yash, Dutt and Tandon are choreographed with pinpoint precision to evoke maximum mass impact and are custom-made to play to each performer's strengths. While Neel uses Dutt's eyes and hulky silhouette to portray his beastly and brutal nature, with Tandon, he resorts to using minimal hand and facial gestures to showcase the sheer unspoken power wielded by her character, inspired by India's Iron Lady, Indira Gandhi herself.And what can I say about Yash that hasn't been already said? Irrepressible swag, a natural coyness and obnoxious body language mean he is a natural fit as the morally ambiguous gangster and it is this very nature that adds to the unpredictability of the KGF universe with the audience constantly on the ropes, unable to guess or comprehend what the crazy mafioso will do next. Music director Ravi Basrur carries on the same rich vein as in the first part, elevating each punch sequence with layers of feeling and goosebumps, switching over effortlessly from the massy highs of "Sulthana" to the emotionally wrought "Thannane"."KGF Chapter 2" stands head and shoulders over other recent Indian blockbuster fan service mass vehicles like "Pushpa (2021)" and "RRR (2022)" because of the editing and staging prowess of its director, with seemingly unrelenting action and a narrative that constantly keeps you guessing and on a knife-edge. A mandatory theatre watch! Highly, highly recommended! And don't forget to catch the post-credits scene!
10 Only this word defines the movie.Goosebump in every scene of the movie .The movie was fantastic. Everyone acted very well in the movie. VFX and Graphics in the movie was amazing. Songs and BGM in the movie was superb. Amazing movie.And i am saying it again Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.
10 Flamboyant style and mesmerizing writing, outstanding costumes of yash which made audience spellbound with his character in chapter 1 are on a whole new level in this one.He got a antagonist who is on his level.Adheera played by Sanjay Dutt is just majestic.Raveena Tandon as Ramika Sen is too good.Entire cast lived upto the role and more.Yash penned down most of his dialogues which are on a whole new level.Writing of the movie, DOP, Costumes, and most importantly Background Score puts this piece of the movie in the list of masterpieces india produced.Mother sentiment worked well in this one too except not as frequent as chapter 1.This movie has all traits of chapter 1 only difference is that they are enhanced, amplified and worked even better.Action sequences are very wisely choreographed.Overall this is definitely one to watch in theatres.
10 How did they made this masterpiece with 100 crores??Casting, Cinematography, Music, Visual, Editing, and screenplay was perfect!!!WHAT A FILM!!!THIS IS THE PRIDE OF INDIAN CINEMA!I really hope this film beats all records!!
9 After surpassing all expectations I definitely tell you that this movie is Superb at mass level.. Top notch at performance and music department... Addictive at world building... Gut wrenching at action department and Kingmaker as a part 2....
Also don't miss the end.. Now tsunami will come again 🔥
10 Story 9/10
Script 9.5/10
Screenplay 9.5/10
Direction 9.5/10
Cinematography 9.5/10
(Stunning)Visual effects 9.5/10
Music(bgm) 9.5/10
Action 9.5/10
Comedy 8.5/10
Acting 8/10..The movie just moves like speedy bullet ..Theatrical experience,bgm Goosebumps..🔥💥
The movie is absolutely, incredible in all aspects..Making was top notch,perfect 10/10... Fast facing,
Stunning action, crime, thriller ever made in indian cinema..."Finally kannada movie created history in indian cinema"
"Proud feel for kannadigas and kannada film industry"
10 One of the best powerpack flim in Indian Cinema... Action sequence are best...The roll of Adeera,Remika sen...Please everybody go and watch the flim in theatre.... Enjoy the experience of the Gangster of Monster..
10 KGF Chapter 2 is bigger, bolder, better and densely packed engaging screenplay and ofcourse dialogues that elevate emotions.Especially considering it as a genre of Indian action film for the masses, this film not just surpasses expectations in quality of writing and making. It in itself sets a benchmark far beyond anything seen before.The soundtrack is phenomenal and aids in conveying the apt emotions at the right time esp the switch of soundtracks between violent action scenes and the mother-son flashbacks.Action scenes is as good if nt better than prequel.Essentially KGF is the story of an ambitious strong mother and a fierce son determined enough to defeat the world to keep his promise to her.One of the finest well made action films in world cinema.
10 For most of CODA's running time, I was enjoying it very much while at the same time thinking that it had a very safe, made for television movie vibe that was keeping it from greatness. But then there was that audition scene. If you've seen the movie, you know what I'm talking about. And from that moment forward, I was a mess. I'm obsessed with Emilia Jones's version of "Both Sides Now" on Spotify, and I'm already dreading the day I have to send my son off to college (he's 12, by the way).This movie is warm and earnest in the best possible way. Jones gives a marvelous performance -- it's too bad she couldn't have received more recognition for this. And Marlee Matlin and Troy Kotsur give equally wonderful performances as Jones's parents. A scene where Matlin tells Jones that she was disappointed when she wasn't born deaf, and another where Kotsur has his daughter sing to him while he feels her throat are two of the most devastating you'll see in movies this year.Grade: A+
9 A hearing girl in a deaf family, restricted by her dynamic, silenced by her surroundings with potential and passion attenuated, battles to be heard but oh what a song she finally sings - absolutely outstanding, with some of the finest, most sincere and most genuine performances you'll find. Take it to your heart and let it dwell.
20 August 2021 This is a beautiful and heart warming film about a teenage girl in a marginalised family. I am very happy that someone made a film about the challenges of a marginalised and forgotten group.
9 A captivating and heart-warming coming of age story, with a perfect, powerful and earnest performance from Emilia Jones. It does a fantastic job of expressing its themes of family and chasing your dreams, whilst balancing it with some hilarious comedic moments. A definitely must see.
9 There's nothing wrong with making a predictable and formulaic film, as long as you succeed in producing the emotion and reaction out of your audience. You can see where CODA is going, but it's so effective at what it does. There's a few laugh out loud moments (which I didn't expect) and the 3rd act is just as moving as films like Almost Famous and Sing Street, both movies with similar music/dream themes. There's something about those types of stories that appeal to me more than most people.9.3/10.
8 As the opening for Sundance, CODA gave us a delightful story of a hearing child in a deaf family. She finds herself torn between pursuing her love of music and her family's reliance on her to be their connection to the outside world. I would like to say how much of a crowd pleaser this is. All of the reviews have come back positive saying this is the best opener since Whiplash. The performances are good all around. What got to me most is the family dynamic. It's something really heart-warming to watch that put a smile on my face the whole time. The comedy landed well throughout. The same goes for the drama. Sian Heder is a good director and we see the heart put into the movie. The story is where some of my issues came from. It follows a typical storyline that we've seen before in movies geared toward teens. It became predictable along the way and some of the scenes felt too good to be true. But I understand this isn't meant to be something to breakdown and analyze. All in all, this is meant to make us feel good and that's exactly what it did. I look forward to rewatching this again in the future.
10 So far it's been rare to see deaf characters portrayed onscreen, let alone played by deaf actors. That makes Sian Heder's Academy Award-nominated "CODA" all the more important. Showing the challenges that a hearing daughter in a deaf family faces, it hits all the right notes (pun not intended).Another good movie about the daughter of deaf parents is the German movie "Beyond Silence".
10 This film has it all. It is hilariously funny. I hadn't laugh this much all summer long and this film really help my brain release the endorphins. My ribs hurt from laughing. The film has a tremendous amount of heart. This was a tear jerker by the end. All of the characters are so lovable and reliable. Watching Frank Rossi describe how to put a condom on in sign language to Miles was just ...agghhh amazing.Director Sian Heder knocked it out of the park with extremely laser precision on-point direction. Specially how he had the actors who played Ruby's parents react to the singing at the high school. Everything was so on point and believable. Emilia Jones was outstanding. Such a beautiful and talented redhead. Can you imagine how hard is to find an excellent actress that is also an amazing singer? Seriously, I am super impressed with the whole cast. If this is television, then Heder raised the bar very high. Not only was the direction fantastic, but so was the screenplay. It was witty, funny and intelligent. This should have been a theatrical film. Honestly, I'll keep it short because if I could, I could name about a dozen scenes in this film that I loved. It was one after another, freaking fantastic scenes.The only con I can think of was the title. Why an acronym for such a beautiful film?SOLID 10/10 and screw the haters. This film really deserved the 10.
8 Greetings again from the darkness. Ruby Rossi is a high school student. She is also a CODA - Child of Deaf Adults. Her older brother is deaf too, meaning Ruby's life has been spent as an interpreter for her family, while also working on the family fishing boat in Gloucester, Massachusetts, where they are treated as outcasts and viewed as oddities by others. Ruby also loves to sing and listen to music, activities she can't share with her family. This is no coming-of-age tale, as Ruby has long been wise beyond her years. It is, however, a story of a young person finding their true self and breaking from the ties that bind to the only life she's known.Emilia Jones (HIGH-RISE, 2015) stars as Ruby, and we first see her slinging fish on the boat with her father Frank (Troy Kutsor) and brother Leo (newcomer Daniel Durant). Ruby belts out songs while the two men handle their duties, unaware of the lovely melodies filling the air. At home, the dinner table conversation is handled through ASL (American Sign Language) with mom/wife Jackie (Oscar winner Marlee Matlin, CHILDREN OF A LESSER GOD, 1986) leading the way.At school, Ruby is an outcast due to her clothes, the lingering aroma of fish, and her "weird" family. With a silent crush on Miles (Ferdio Walsh-Peelo from the excellent SING STREET, 2016), Ruby signs up for choir, but freezes during the audition. The choir director, Bernardo (roll the r's) Villalobos, is played energetically and colorfully by Eugenio Derbez (OVERBOARD, 2018), and he offers encouragement to Ruby - mostly because she has a beautiful singing voice. Bernardo explains how her singing voice offers a path to college, something she's never before considered due to family responsibilities.There is a lot going on in this film from writer-director Sian Heder (TALLULAH, 2016). It's obviously adapted from the 2014 French film LA FAMILLE BELIER, and plays as a mainstream crowd-pleaser, when it just as easily could have been a deep cut indie film. Ms. Heder's approach means a larger viewing audience, though there are elements we wish had been further explored. The teen romance never really clicks, and there are hints that Bernardo's story holds more levels than we get. However, the Rossi family dynamics are quite something to behold. Father Frank wears his emotions on his sleeve. Sometimes those emotions are angry and bitter, while other times quite comical or even horny (for his wife). Brother Leo wants desperately to lead the family business towards prosperity. He has ideas for growth, but is frustrated being dependent on Ruby as a conduit to the community.Mother Jackie and Ruby have a typical mother-teenage daughter relationship. The mother wants status quo where the daughter remains an integral part of the family, while the daughter wants her mom to acknowledge the dreams for a different life - one that capitalizes on her talents. When Jackie questions her daughter on her singing, she does so in the most hurtful way possible (brilliant writing). And yet, when mom recounts Ruby's birth, the love is as clear as the disconnect ... and likely to draw a tear or two. Filmmaker Hader serves up numerous strong scenes, but two really stood out for this viewer. First, when Ruby is singing on stage, we "hear" what the parents hear, and their pride is obvious. The second occurs when dad asks Ruby to sing for him as they are perched on the backend of the car. It's phenomenal acting by Kutsor, and further clarifies a lifelong father-daughter bond ... and the first time he fully comprehends her talent. All four leads give strong performances, and it's a star-making performance from Ms. Jones (think a young Saoirse Ronan).Apple paid a record-breaking $25 million for the film's rights at Sundance, and the mainstream appeal of this family drama sprinkled with comedy and life messages is indisputable. So while my preference would have been more focus on the 'outsider' aspect of the Rossi family in the community, it's easy to see why this choice was made. It's an entertaining film that will likely land on many year-end "Best" lists. Maybe even mine.Streaming on AppleTV+ on August 13, 2021.
7 The story of Coda is a bit cliché. Just by reading the ingredients you can already see where this movie is going. So no real surprises in Coda, you will exactly know the outcome way long before the ending. That said it's still an enjoyable movie to watch. A little bit emotional sometimes, which is almost normal as you feel compassion for the deaf people and certainly for the daughter that has a lot on her plate. Maybe a bit too much singing in my opinion but that's just because I'm not a big fan of singing in movies unless it's the music that I like but that's not likely to happen given my taste of music. Coda is predictable but it doesn't really matter as the acting is really good and that from the whole cast. Certainly worth a watch.
9 Me and my brother grow up in a family with both of my parents deaf, both of us were born not deaf and we had to go through the same thing that the movie captured, people used to laugh at us and our parents and we were young and we couldn't even understand why we were treated differently.The movie truly is a masterpiece with the acting specially the deaf acting and the way they described how deaf people live their life is very realistic.CODA (Child of Deaf Adults)
The story of Ruby, a child who grow up in a deaf family, they depended on her as she the only one who could speak, and when she found her passion about singing, she has to decide whether she continue helping her family or leave them for college.It's enjoyable and different I highly recommend this movie.
4 The best movie of the year? CODA is in my opinion a solid movie, rather formulaic and slightly sleep inducing. Not the acting nor the story, really nothing makes CODA in my opinion special - don't get me wrong, CODA is no bad movie, a solid one, yes, but special? No. CODA is one of those coming of age feelgood movies you expect to watch on TV. The French-Belgian movie La Famille Bélier is not a masterpiece but the in my opinion the stronger one - so the best movie (according to the Academy) of 2022 is a remake produced for a streaming service. Nothing more to say.
7 ... family friendly to the utmost degree... story-script exactly what's to be expected... no more no less... cast all filling their roles admirably... based on the French comedy-drama La Famille Bélier from 2014... many reviewers indicating although they enjoyed CODA, La Famille Bélier was-is the better film... TBC.
10 Just great,my hearing son did a year at a norwegian ''folkehøgskole''for deaf adults,and told me just like CODA tells,if you got a witty fantasy,you might die from laughter at the best moments.a must see and 10 stars from the GOM.
27 June 2021 I could complain about how they felt the need to adapt a French movie from years ago... but I am just happy that this story gets to be shared with more people. Lovely story, coming off age, family relations. The resulting movie is a great feat, showing people a world they are not familiar with.
10 "CODA" is a beautiful looking, beautifully acted, emotionally draining movie. The last hour had me tearing up like you wouldn't believe. Everything about this movie works. I plan on watching "CODA" again real soon.
9 If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free reviews, please follow my blog :)I know Sundance is one of those festivals that carry dozens of impressive, impactful films from writer-directors that really throw themselves into the art of filmmaking and storytelling. I anticipated being blown away by many movies that I knew nothing about or didn't recognize the crew and cast involved. I expected some films to emotionally impact me so much that I'd save them close to my heart until the very end of the year. With this said, I was unbelievably far from imagining that the very first viewing would be a heavy contender for my absolute favorite movie of the entire festival.CODA (Child Of Deaf Adults) is the first film I watch by Siân Heder, and after this session, I can't wait to see what she did so far and what she's going to do in the future. The clearly interesting premise is developed through a much more emotional narrative than I expected. From rich visual storytelling to exceptional use of sign language, Heder is able to capture something unique and deeply important to transmit to the audience and to today's society. The world was fortunate enough to get Sound of Metal last year, and CODA reinforces the essential message that being deaf must not be seen as a massive disability or a brutal handicap.As the movie cleverly communicates through its impeccable screenplay, having some sort of "limitation" doesn't automatically characterize someone as weird, different, or that the respective family members don't love each other as much or more than the so-called "normal" families. Except for a somewhat insignificant love relationship featuring the main character (that could have brought up an entirely different, unnecessary, and even distracting topic to the film's central, vital themes), I was incredibly invested in every single storyline.In fact, I find every interaction within the deaf family much more compelling and captivating than any other dialogue in the movie, and this is mostly due to the amazing performances from the cast. Leaving the protagonist to the end, Daniel Durant (Leo Rossi, brother) and Marlee Matlin (Jackie Rossi, mother) are great as supporting characters, but Troy Kotsur (Frank Rossi, father) and Eugenio Derbez (Bernardo Villalobos, music teacher) literally left me in tears with their heartfelt displays. I could feel the outstanding commitment to their roles, and I'm delighted that Bernardo Villalobos isn't just another stereotypical, cliche, hysterical choir adult.However, the biggest praise in my bag must go to powerful glue that holds everything together, elevating the whole film to a whole other level: Emilia Jones as the only hearing member of the family, Ruby Rossi. First of all, I love music, and Pentatonix is actually my favorite group (acapella or not), so hearing so many wonderful voices singing together would always be a massive plus for CODA in my review. Nevertheless, not only Jones' voice is sumptuously heartwarming, but her performance has everything an actor needs to receive acting nominations. I can't remember the last time I was fully invested in a single character in such an emotionally powerful manner, and Jones is definitely a major reason.A final praise to Paula Huidobro's visually grabbing camera work and Marius de Vries, who composed the movie's subtle yet efficient score and who I'm guessing had a hand in the song choices. Either way, terrific job.CODA may very well end up as my favorite film of the 2021's edition of the Sundance Film Festival, and it will undoubtedly become a must-watch movie when it's available worldwide. Siân Heder offers her impeccable direction and beautifully written screenplay, which is packed with emotionally powerful moments that left me tearing up for the last forty-five minutes. Boasting an educative, meaningful message regarding the deaf community and what our society perceives as a tremendous handicap/disability, the characteristic visual storytelling and the captivating interactions within the deaf family prove to be incredibly investing, deeply elevating the overall piece. With the help of heartfelt, genuine performances from the supporting cast (mainly Troy Kotsur and Eugenio Derbez), Emilia Jones takes off and lands one of my favorite female performances in a long, long time. A tear-inducing, thoughtful film that I hope will conquer audiences all around the world.Rating: A
7 I actually watched this film two months ago, but decided to not write a review because I felt it's not worth my time. Surprisingly, Coda was nominated for Oscar's best picture, and even more surprisingly, it freaking won - I legitimately thought that they had the wrong envelope again. The movie does have a detailed depiction of the hearing-impaired family's struggle in prejudice and inconvenience, shown in the great scene of the soundless concert. Additionally, Troy Kotsur and Marlee Matlin's performance of the sanguine but sentimental couple is exquisite and evocative. Besides that, I see no creativity anyhow in the main storyline. Typical high school girl who strives for a better life; male character who does nothing but dalliance; classic stern mentor with a soft heart. Protagonist explores her talent, she practices, she gets hindered, she overcomes, she experiences happy, she experiences sadness, she grows, end of story. I thought La La Land set standard for future movies about music and development, encouraging unique messages instead of cliche. Compared to all other nominated films, Coda feels just right, but from whence does the academy see it better than its fellow contenders?
5 "Coda" is a nice little family movie about a talented high school girl with a remarkable voice living with her family who happen to be all deaf. Her dad and brother, who are deaf, work as fishermen and Ruby serves as their interpreter. She also longs to study music at the prestigious Breklee College of Music. Her school teacher, Mr. Bernardo (Eugenio Derbez), pushes young Ruby the excel herself at being a singer.The movie is not bad by any means. It is entertaining if rather "flat" throughout its entire length. There are no overtly dramatic parts, no serious conflict between any of the characters, no tragedy, no overtly goofy parts and no twist ending. Aside from a few kinky scenes, this is really Disney-like fare that could be enjoyed by the entire family.With this said, I just fail to see this movie as Oscar material. Best Movie??? Best supporting actor? If you cast a deaf person playing a deaf person, would you consider that "acting" or that person playing basically himself? There's no outstanding musical score, no jaw dropping cinematography, no definitive performances by any of the actors, no nothing. It's just a plain "good" movie, period, but nothing that would warrant any Oscars. Sure, the academy does this from time to time, but this looks like an ABC Monday night movie, with all due respect. As for Eugenio Derbez, who I think is a great guy and one of Mexico's top comedians, there's not a single American movie where he doesn't justify his heavy Mexican accent by saying he's from (drum roll): MEXICO! You don't see Salma Hayek saying she's from Mexico in her movies, why should Mr. Derbez do so?Anyway. "CODA" is an ok family fun film that doesn't break ANY new ground and is an unlikely memorable one. 5 out of 10.
10 While the film leans a little too heavily into the (inaccurate) trope of Deaf people not understanding music how its story is executed with grace and humor results in a moving wonderful film. This is a universal story of a young woman learning to develop her own passions and chart her own course. It is also the story of family meeting the challenges of the world head on and how that can impact interpersonal relationships. It is *not* a film about how Deaf people are just so helpless or disadvantaged by society. This is a flesh and blood family-they fight, they deal with sexuality, they deal with friendships.The cast is the best feature; I would be hard pressed who gave the best performance. Every character is brought to life in naturalistic unstated performances. But I think Kotsur is given the two hardest scenes-dramatizing how a dad comes to indirectly see his daughter's talents-and he rises to the challenge. Kotsur does give my favorite performance of the year.The other great feature of the film is simple elegant shooting style it has. This film isn't flashy at all but it is so well calibrated that the humor blends seamlessly with the pathos. This could have been coy or excessively sentiment; instead Heder hits each beat and moment just right to bring the Rossi family to life.
6 It's not bad, Emilia is loveable, very nice voice.This remake version basically skipped all the best parts from the French version, just tried too hard to avoid copying, and I was not touched at all.If you find this movie good enough to earn 8 stars, then get tissue papaer ready and try the original version, you will give that a 12 stars(guarantee) .
8 CODA is a movie I expected to like, and I was not disappointed. Each member of the cast is pulling their weight in this thought-provoking family drama. I was especially impressed by Eugenio Derbez as the music teacher and Daniel Durant as the overlooked brother. This film could have been melodramatic, sappy, or preachy, but instead it's a realistic emotional ride.
24 March 2022 Because CODA is an acronym for children of deaf adults, you'd expect the Oscar-nominated film of the same name to be about deafness. I'm here to tell you it is not, for it is above all about family challenges, teenage trials, and the power of education. While the central family of this romance is deaf, played mostly by deaf actors, with one exception, using ASL communication, the film's title is a metaphor for a story whose many layers reveal truths about life that transcend deafness.Rubi (Emilia Jones) is the only hearing member of her loving four-member family in Gloucester, Mass., and figuratively she hears the conflicting sources of discord as she navigates between her emerging singing talent and her necessity to be the translator for her family's fishing business. For any teen who moves slowly to distance herself from family so she can go it on her won, CODA will resonate, hearing or not.This coming-of-age drama plays out against a community yet unschooled in dealing with otherness, viz., fellow humans with special needs and talents, but outside of the community's normal experience. Not everyone can be as understanding or resilient as dad Frank (Troy Kotsur, with an Oscar nomination for best supporting actor), who initially goes nose to nose with ignorance, but who gradually adjusts to the town and his lovingly rebellious daughterEducation is often a game changer, and in CODA it is no different. Rubi's choir director, Mr. V (Eugenio Derbez), sees her voice gift and gives his time to coach her for a Berklee School of Music audition. His dedication to her, with his tough-love methods (J K Simmons in Whiplash but sweeter), is a convincing statement about the right way to teach and the power of education done right.CODA is much more than about deafness: It reveals the many hurdles teens and parents face getting to their higher levels. While it lacks the luster of Little Miss Sunshine and has a midlin' sap index, it succeeds in figuratively adjusting those of us who have a deaf ear to the demands of achieving happiness through, you guessed it, LOVE.CODA deserves its Oscar nominations (it garnered the most awards in Sundance history, after all!). If you take a free week's subscription from Apple TV to see it, you'll thank me and certainly sing Both Side Now (Rubi's audition song) for days if not forever.
8 Ruby Rossi (Emilia Jones) is a Child of Deaf Adults. Her father Frank (Troy Kotsur), older brother Leo (Daniel Durant), and mother Jackie (Marlee Matlin) are all deaf. She is their interpreter and tries to protect them from the hearing world. She wakes up at 3 every morning to join the family fishing boat as the only hearing crew member. At school, she joins the choir and her teacher, Bernardo "Mr. V" Villalobos (Eugenio Derbez), takes an interest in her. She finds herself torn between helping her family at home or setting off into the world on her own.This is sweet. It is surprisingly funny. It has family drama. It's a coming-of-age movie. It's an Oscar best winning picture. Every one of those statements are true but the last one leads to a debate. For sure, this is not the most artistically adventurous film. It has an interesting subject matter but it's not pushing the envelope as much peeling back the layer. This film is actually a very audience-friendly film. Years from now, this will unlikely be a big sign post of this cinematic era but it's not going to be hated or anything like that. It's a sweet little film.
22 August 2021 A coming-of-age comedy drama that's crafted with sincerity & brims with authenticity, CODA covers the journey of the only hearing person in a culturally deaf family who finds herself torn between following her dreams & fear of abandoning her parents in pursuit of her passion. It is a simple, heartfelt & crowd-pleasing delight that's further bolstered by its welcome inclusivity & emotional purity.Written & directed by Sian Heder, the premise is nothing new and the route it takes is also a familiar one but the emotional beats do strike the right chord with the heart and makes it an endearing, arresting & heartwarming roller-coaster. Its portrait of deaf community in typical, day-to-day settings is carried out with care & understanding and the family dynamic is both relatable & thoroughly captivating.The small-town setting, radiant camerawork, intelligent wit, breezy pace & silent interplays add more exuberance to the experience but it's the performances from its entire cast & the spot-on chemistry they share with one another that strengthens the picture from inside out. Emilia Jones is impressive as our protagonist struggling to juggle her family's interests with her own and she is brilliantly supported by the rest.Overall, CODA (Child of Deaf Adults) takes an existing coming-of-age template, doesn't try to subvert any of the genre tropes, and even features an ending that's predictable from afar. Yet it is brought to cinematic life with so much heart, warmth & affection that the film's honesty & humanity not only stands out but shines through. Add to that, it serves as a powerful reminder of why representation matters and the difference it can make when done correctly.
6 Greetings again from the darkness. It's not billed as a remake of ROMANCING THE STONE (1984), and perhaps that's because it borrows from many adventure romantic-comedies over the years. Brothers and co-directors Aaron Nee and Adam Nee (BAND OF ROBBERS, 2015) have proven they can deliver exactly what is promised from a script by co-writers Oren Uziel (MORTAL COMBAT, 2021) and Dana Fox (CRUELLA, 2021). Seth Gordon receives a story credit, which is a bit ironic considering he has been quoted with, "The best stories are rooted in reality."Oscar winner Sandra Bullock stars as grieving, reclusive and highly successful romance novelist Loretta Sage, and Channing Tatum co-stars as her long-time and extremely popular cover model, Adam (in what is obviously a 'wink and a nod' to Fabio). Loretta's love of history, and the passing of her husband, have combined to make her despise the books she writes and the publicity tours she's required to attend ... especially when being forced to wear a skintight purple/fuchsia sequined onesie. On the other hand, vapid model Adam relishes giving the audience what they want - strutting, hair waving, and bare chest.After their most recent event goes sideways, Loretta is kidnapped by the villainous rich guy with a so-called gender-neutral name of Abigail Fairfax (Daniel Radcliffe). He's read her latest book and needs her help in locating the 'Crown of Fire' hidden somewhere on a remote island he purchased for this reason. Things have to move quickly before the volcano erupts and buries the treasure. At this point, Adam is committed to rescuing Loretta and proving that he's more than a pretty face. Loretta's stressed out literary agent Beth (Da'Vine Joy Randolph, DOLEMITE IS MY NAME, 2019) is determined to save her writer-asset, while the newly hired social media director (Patti Harrison) acts goofy (and deserved better lines).It's regrettable, yet a sign of the times, that (2-time Oscar winner) Brad Pitt's cameo is included in the trailer. This should have been a pleasant surprise for viewers, and instead is spoiled by the clip. He has fun with his role as former Navy Seal and meditation partner with Adam, as the two work towards Loretta's rescue. The time on the island combines the adventure sequences with the slow-build of the romantic bond between Loretta and Adam, and both actors do their thing. It's mostly Mr. Radcliffe who seems a bit out of place as he goes big in his role as villain, when some subtlety might have played better. Then again, there is nothing subtle about this production, including the scenes with Beth and an oddball pilot with a goat-fetish played by Oscar Nunez ("The Office").Sandra Bullock and Channing Tatum can play these characters in their sleep, and to their credit, they both seem engaged and willing to put forth the necessary effort. Tatum especially embraces the duality of a preening cover boy and the sensitive type out to prove he has substance. It's an easy film to criticize, but why would you? It's meant to be harmless fun and bring joy to movie lovers. It's totally fine to make a silly formulaic movie when your objective is to make a silly formulaic movie.Opening in theaters on March 25, 2022.
7 Mainstream comedies that actually make it to theatres are slim to none these days. I remember a time when there was possibly a big comedy coming out every one or two months, with at least half of them being good, but in today's climate, humour is just tough to get right. I was very happy to see that Paramount would be taking a chance and releasing a big comedy in The Lost City this year, but I truly didn't know to what to expect from it. After seeing it in theatres, I'm happy to say that I had a good time with it. It's not great, but it felt like a throwback comedy, just with a modern twist.To put it simply, The Lost City follows Loretta (Sandra Bullock) as she's on a book tour with her cover model Alan (Channing Tatum) to promote the release of "The Lost City of D," but they are swept up in a kidnapping and find themselves on a real adventure in the jungle. Abigail Fairfax (Daniel Radcliffe) is the reason Loretta was kidnapped in the first place, as he sees many similarities in her book to that of a real lost city. Being the privileged twerp that he is makes for a fun villainous storyline, even if it's pretty lame at times. Radcliffe aside (whom I still enjoyed), this film puts all of its weight on Tatum and Bullock to deliver the goods.This premise is clever enough to work as a film, but it all comes down to who you cast and if they can make the material work. I never thought I needed to see this duo together, but I'm very happy they worked so well. On top of that, I have to admit that the best moments in the film feature Brad Pitt's character Jack Trainer. He isn't in the film much, but every second he was on screen had me laughing. Where I found the film to be slightly uneven though, was in the fact that I wasn't sure if it wanted to be funny or dramatic at times.I'm all for heartfelt storylines as well as comedy, but I would argue that the majority of the humour is in the first half, while the second half gets a little more sentimental. These both worked in the movie, but the way the film begins gives absolutely no foreshadowing as to what the film will become by the end. I found that odd, but again, the cast sold all of the dialogue for me. From a few hilarious moments to some fun adventure/action throughout, as I said, I had a good time with this one.In the end, The Lost City is exactly what I think moviegoers need right now. Nothing too serious or weighed down by heavy drama. This is a good old-fashioned, silly comedy/romance that I feel works for what it is. It's not going to be the type of comedy that a lot of people are going to watch over and over again, at least I don't think, but the heart of the film is in the right place and it never takes anything too seriously. Now playing in theatres, I'd give a recommendation to The Lost City.
7 7.0/10I actually enjoyed this film way more than I expected. It perfectly fits into its categories of action, adventure, comedy, and romance.The story was very enjoyable. It started off kind of wonky and felt like I was in for a bad time, but once the "prologue" passed and the main portion of the movie started it got much better.The chemistry between Sandra Bullock and Channing Tatum worked surprisingly well, and only got better as the film progressed. I did enjoy Daniel Radcliffe as the antagonist. More of a bratty rich boy than an evil "I want to murder everyone" kind of bad guy.By the end I felt that the big part of the film was that the romance was definitely geared towards the women while the action parts were geared towards the men. The comedy could've gone either way, and some may find certain parts funnier than others, both scenes and what's actually funny.I also enjoyed the score. The way certain soundtracks were worked into the scenes noticeably helped enhance them (as soundtracks should).Overall, I think this film is perfect for a movie date night. It's funny, it's romantic, it has a pretty good action/adventure story and it's not as cheesy as most romcoms tend to be.I hope my review helps you make a choice on this film. Until next time....
Enjoy the show!
6 A cute and funny enough rom com, a few more of the jokes were stale than I would have liked, but overall it accomplished its goal. A few laughs, a few "awhs", and a whole lotta "omg is Channing Tatum hot"'d.
5 The Lost City has pieces that work and pieces that don't. Placing pretenders into an actual adventure is good for laughs and heart, yet much of this script is generic. Unimaginative MacGuffins, flat villains, and predictable romances are individually forgivable, but together, they override the premise's charm. Furthermore, the dialogue, humor, and plot devices are subpar. The cast enhances the material (especially Pitt and Radcliffe), but some scenes are groaners. Tatum's charisma shines through and Pitt's cameo provides flavor, but that isn't enough to pull The Lost City out of mediocrity. It isn't painful, but The Lost City misses more than it hits.Meanwhile, The Lost City's filmmaking is average. Its minor positives are the cinematography (intermittently dramatizing comedy and action), the sound (selling the combat and jungle setting), the production design (primarily real but often computerized), and the effects (employing real explosions amongst the CGI). Conversely, the editing occasionally sags (lingering on unessential jokes) and the music is distractingly trendy (forcing fun, rather than serving the narrative). Lastly, The Lost City lacks cohesion. Its humor and emotions never tonally blend, and instead take turns (which disconnects viewers). Ultimately, The Lost City has mild appeal, but functions inconsistently.Writing: 3/10
Direction: 3/10
Cinematography: 6/10
Acting: 5/10
Editing: 4/10
Sound: 6/10
Score/Soundtrack: 4/10
Production Design: 6/10
Casting: 8/10
Effects: 6/10Overall Score: 5.1/10.
6 The first half of this movie is really funny. I was laughing more than most in the theater. There are so many well-written jokes and situational humor with about an 80% hit rate, including a few hilarious moments. The characters are fleshed out enough for me to care. The story is formulaic and relatively weak compared to the other aspects, but that's easily forgiven when it's making me laugh.In the second half, the laughs slow down drastically. It gets a lot more serious with attempts at character arcs and story moments that aren't bad but are things we've seen a thousand times. I didn't hate watching it, but without as much comedy it's a much weaker movie.The first half is easily seven stars. The second half is a weak six. I wouldn't mind watching this again but I wouldn't go out of my way to do so. (1 viewing, opening Thursday night 3/24/2022)
7 The chemistry between Bullock and Pitt is beyond words even though for only a minute or two. It's so powerful that it dulls the chemistry between Channing and Bullock. It's too bad that Brad wasn't given a much larger role as he has a real knack for comedy. It was likely to keep costs down or maybe he couldn't commit to more shooting days. If budget wasn't an issue I would have written a few more Pitt scenes in and maybe less goat. They tried to milk the goat bit (sorry) and it just wasn't funny. Radcliffe was good too and again he could have used a few more scenes. Still, money well spent just to watch Brad for a few minutes as he stole the entire movie.
9 IN A NUTSHELL:
Because of Covid, we haven't seen a lot of movies go straight to theaters. If you haven't been to one yet, consider this one because it's a fun popcorn movie that is good to see on the big screen. It's about a reclusive romance novelist on a book tour with her handsome cover model who gets swept up in a kidnapping attempt that lands them both in a cutthroat jungle adventure.THINGS I LIKED:
Sandra Bullock has been a darling of cinema for many years...and she still is. She has fantastic comedic timing and physical humor that makes her beautiful character endearing and hilarious. She looks amazing too. We can also thank Sandra Bullock for inviting Brad Pitt to join the cast for this fun flick.Channing Tatum is a force to be reckoned with and offers the silliness that reminds us to not take this movie so seriously while spending most of the time without his shirt on. I thought he and Sandra Bullock worked well together and had some believable chemistry.It's always good to see Daniel Radcliffe in movies.Oscar Nunez was hilarious every minute he was on screen.I loved the snarky humor.There are some entertaining stunts and action sequences.Keep watching the rolling credits at the end for a funny clip featuring Brad Pitt!The movie was filmed in the Dominican Republic.THINGS I DIDN'T LIKE:
Some of the humor doesn't land.The villain's motivations aren't compelling and often waiver.There was a missed element about some beads that I thought for sure we'd see later.If you have seen the movie Romancing the Stone, to which this film has been compared, you'll probably agree that movie's ending was WAY better.It's pretty predictable.TIPS FOR PARENTS:
Violence
Some bloody images
Suggestive material
Partial nudity (You see Channing Tatum's naked backside)
Some profanity and crude languageYou can see my full review on Movie Review Mom YouTube channel.
8 Got to see the early ish screening considered date night on the regal app that was great time! One of the funniest things set up in the is experience was showing a short trailer of the movie 6 times that's never been a thing and there was feature before the movie started mostly talking about the red dress being a character itself that was silly. Didn't expect as much comedy as there was and highly entertaining action even an excellent soundtrack! I don't know about others but I loved the movie.
8 It would be easy to call this a knockoff of Indiana Jones, but in some ways it kind of knows it, has a fun self aware vibe to it. It's merely just a satire of those treasure adventure films.Sandra Bullock and Channing Tatum have good chemistry, they just play off each other perfectly you can tell they are having a blast. Tatum is having fun paroding his pretty boy image. Daniel Radcliffe is quite the scene stealer has an over the top villain. It's just a fun movie, delivers some incredible laughs, and not for the faint hearted.
8 The Lost City is a very funny and entertaining film, which in reality is all I expected and wanted from it.It has a story that is very predictable and derivative, but that doesn't mean its not a good time. The script is pretty well put together, with plenty of solid jokes and a premise that leads to lots of entertaining hijinks.Sandra Bullock is a fantastic comedy actress and she shines in this role. Her timing and delivery are on point, leading to some terrific laugh out loud moments. Channing Tatum is in fine form, as he really excels in these sorts of roles where he's given license to just have a good time. The interplay between the two of them was loads of fun to watch. Daniel Radcliffe was a bit of a weak antagonist, with a pretty weak performance to match I thought, so that side of things was a tad disappointing.Although it is unlikely to blow you away, The Lost City is sure to entertain. A charismatic leading pair, serviceable plot, and plenty of jokes that land add up to a very fun watch indeed.
8 I saw a screening of this and thought hey it's probably gonna be another cheesy action comedy but hey free. I didn't have high expectations but I have to say this movie was HILARIOUS! Good action. Really good comedy and even though it's 2 hours long it was good pacing. Definitely worth a watch!
10 I have to be honest I didn't think Bullock and Tatum would mesh well together. But the chemistry they had in this movie was unforgettable. I laughed for the first hour of this movie. It was a fun and exciting movie Overall this felt like another Uncharted movie, but I enjoyed that movie so it worked. I recommend it you want to just laugh your ass off! I must say Brad Pitt in this movie was so SEXY! So was Tatum, Radcliffe, and Bullock, but I wished to have seen more of Pitt. I will definitely recommend this movie to others. I myself will be watching this one again when I need to disconnect and literally l.m.f.a.o!
7 Surprisingly effective and funny. It's one of those Saturday post-lunch films, a feel-good, light, not challenging, mostly predictable but very efficient in what it does and wants to be.I was surprised in feeling tense during parts of the last act and really liked the chemistry of Bullock and Tatum. Fantastic cameo by Pitt! I was not expecting, but this was really fun.
8 Liked: This wasn't the typical romcom that is sappy and silly. Performances by everyone that had screen time. Pacing was great too.Not so much: Editing. There seems like a small chunk of the movie was missing and they tried to cover it with a quick transition.Loved: Brad's Pitt and Daniel Radcliffe. Both stole the show in each scene they were in.I really enjoyed this flick. Way more than I thought I was going to. I'm glad I saw this because this flick wasn't the typical sappy and silly romcoms tend to be associated with. It was action packed, had a lot of humor in it with some solid performances. Brad's Pitt and Daniel Radcliffe were awesome in this. Pitt nailed all his comedic timing and Radcliffe has great range and played the villain role really well. So much that one day he should play a Bond villain. Looked like he was having a lot of fun with this. No post credit but there is a great mid credit scene that adds to the story. Solid movie!
8 The trailer for The Lost City caught my eye mostly for what wasn't in it. No clues about an existing property it was attached to, no comic book characters or Oscar bait material..... how did it get the green light from the studio? City felt very old fashioned and with some interesting names in the cast, I was intrigued. Starting with the plot and characters, Lost City doesn't rewrite the book on this genre of movie but it avoids too many of the tropes. It's helped along by the fact that it's such an oddity in 2022. I was disarmed by the story's earnestness and straightforward nature. The screenwriters could have wrote a tighter plot but the phrase "good enough" comes to mind. It was never intolerable or grating and while Loretta being a stick in the mud could have been too familiar or Alan being a useless idiot could have been too easy, I found the movie was able to toe the line without being too lazy or cliche. The story and characters get the job done (with the exception of Allison whose jokes consistently elicited no laughs).Sandra Bullock has been bouncing around, hopping between genres and projects to varying degrees of success. She's a versatile actress but The Lost City feels like a throwback to her days doing movies like The Proposal and Miss Congeniality. Regardless of what you think of those movies, she's one of the few who could pull those roles off consistently and she's more than game here as over-the-hill writer Loretta. She doesn't play it up too hard, she walks a fine line between capably anchoring the movie yet being game to roll with Tatum or whomever she's sharing the screen with. Tatum's re-invention as a comedian has been such a joy to witness. He's got serious comic chops and he has great chemistry with Bullock. The two of them together had me chuckling throughout. Brad Pitt was great in his role, he's on exactly the same wavelength he needs to be and while I knew he was capable of being funny, I was surprised at how deftly he played his character. I always like seeing Daniel Radcliffe pop up in things, he's got a very diverse portfolio of characters and he always seems to be throwing his all into it. He's a lot of fun here, I did have a couple of notes on his character but his performance always had the requisite energy and spirit. Da'Vine Joy Randolph was also a welcome addition, she walks a similar line to Bullock and she never failed to deliver her punchlines in a way that didn't leave a smile on my face.I could pick this movie apart if I really wanted to. The script could have been stronger, there are extra scenes that don't really gel with the overall narrative, the movie can't make up its mind on how villainous they want Fairfax to be. But despite the flaws, I didn't want to penalize The Lost City too heavily with for its missteps. As I mentioned above, I was taken aback by The Lost City. Not every joke lands, not every narrative decision plays but the movie works more often than it doesn't and it didn't dampen my enthusiasm as the film went along.The Lost City made for a refreshing viewing experience. The mid-size movie is fading into obscurity and while most of us love the huge tentpoles or the obscure indie fare, I'm glad there's still an audience that's willing to go out for this kind of romp. Bullock and Tatum are on point, the story has enough laughs and heart baked in to keep you interested and there's plenty of fun to be had (it's not completely family friendly as there were some kids in my theatre that witnessed some pretty "adult" jokes). It won't make any top 10 lists but The Lost City adds up to a couple of well spent hours at the theatre. If you're tired of superheroes and weepy dramas, give this a shot and maybe you'll exit the cinema pleasantly surprised like I did.
26 March 2022 Yes, The Lost City is a sometime dimwitted, formulaic romantic adventure like Romancing the Stone and Indiana Jones with not much creativity that I could tell. No, it is not totally boring because it offers a relaxing antidote to COVID anxieties plaguing us for two years. The cutthroat island shenanigans, with reclusive romance novelist Loretta (Sandra Bullock) and her cover model Alan (Channing Tatum) are kidnapped looking for buried treasure.What makes this romance mildly enjoyable is the charm of its stars, Sandy/Loretta just a bit too old but looking fab, and Channing, buff and self-deprecating enough to generate a spark with Loretta. Daniel Radcliff as baddie Abagail Fairfax seems out of place, but then that may be the point.At our AMC-like theater there were a few other audience members far enough from us that we could cut up and converse, much like renting the theater for ourselves. Some solid scenes of repartee reminiscent of screwball comedies added to the pleasure of the island scenery and robust chases along with our not-always witty declamations.I would recommend you staying home and enjoying the house invasion Windfall on Netflix except that we enjoyed being out and seeing what Hollywood could do when it barely tries. And when Brad Pitt does a cameo with surprising dexterity, your retro romance Lost City is fully updated, and even semi-glamorous if you ask me. And you didn't.
9 I try to avoid watching trailers before I see a movie. Sometimes it is inevitable - you can't escape certain trailers. So while I still managed not to see everything the trailer revealed, I already knew from the looks of it, that I would like the movie. And lo and behold the movie delivers the goods.There may be certain role reversals (or gender cliches that are being made fun of if you want to call it that), but the way the actors are playing their roles will not make you think too much about that. At least not in a negative light - some people seem to be allergic when it comes to "wokeness" I reckon.Channing Tatum has no problem taking his own image apart. Though he still will not accept bad dancing - but that is a different story. Harry Radcliffe ... I mean Daniel Potter ... ah well, the guy formerly known - actually still known as Harry Potter plays quite the fine villain.There is an excellent cameo in this and there is also a bonus scene during the credits that you cannot miss under any circumstances. Sit back, relax and if the humor is your cup of tea, you'll have a blast with this.
7 2022's The Lost City is just plain fun. Escapists and popcorn munchers are welcome. It's one of those action-adventure vehicles where the protagonists supply the sarcastic quips in the face of swashbuckling danger. "Jungles eat people like us". Need I say more.Directed with jungly cinematography by those Nee brothers (Aaron and Adam), "City" is like the goofy cousin of a certain '84 Robert Zemeckis flick and any Indiana Jones endeavor. It's a riff but a good riff that's not to be taken as serious. There's supposed hidden treasure, chases, snakes featured, and for added effect, leeches too.The Lost City stars Sandra Bullock as a novelist who gets kidnapped when one of her stories reveals the location of fortune in an ancient burgh (sound familiar?). The role of writer Loretta Sage is perfect for a bumbling, physical comic like Bullock. It's like her agent said, "oh yeah, this is a no-brainer"."City" also has Brad Pitt in it as a Navy Seal (Jack Trainer) sent to rescue Sage from the already rich baddies. When he exits, well it's almost a buzzkill. Piggybacking on his intimidating persona via Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, Pitt just reminds us again that he's a legend. His bone-crunching action sequences in "City" give the film a shot in the arm that doesn't quite sustain for the rest of the running time (1 hour-plus). Sure "City" is motion full tilt but finishes with less cowbell.In thinking back, "City's" look could almost pass as boost animation. The dialogue is improvised, the characters are dispassionate (yet funny), and because of the breezy tone (intertwined with PG-13 violence), The Lost City is a true to type, moviegoer's movie. It's basically one of the reasons we hit the cineplex on a Friday at 7-ish. Call it "Advancing" the Stone.
6 3 out of 5 stars.Sandra Bullock and Channing Tatum were great with there on screen chemistry and worked great with providing humor. Taking them on a adventure to searching for the lost city before the bad guys go after the search. The cast is good. The concept is fun. The film does have some humor and entertainment. The plot is forgettable. And the film does have a small amount of humor that cant carry the movie.
8 The Lost City is a nice reminder of the kind of film's they don't really make anymore, a great comedy adventure that moves along nicely, is frequently very funny and propelled along by the A-List cast who are all having a blast.Sandra Bullock and Channing Tatum both give incredible lead performances with fantastic chemistry, equally really funny but also showing real growth by the end. Daniel Radcliffe is really good as an extremely enjoyably evil antagonist, managing to leave a lasting impression with limited screen time.Adam and Aaron Nee's direction is excellent, the action scenes are surprisingly strong and the film overall looks really nice, helped by the practicality of it all (mostly). The soundtrack and the music by Pinar Toprak are both a lot of fun and appropriately playful.
6 An Adventure Comedy with Channing Tatum, Sandra Bullock, Brad Pitt, and Daniel Radcliffe! Sounds dumb but maybe it will be fun.There were some moments that were funny, especially that leech scene shown in the trailer, but most of them felt flat. Tatum and Pitt were the only funny people. Sandra Bullock wasn't that remarkable. Daniel Radcliffe tried to be over-the-top with his villain, but he only ended up annoying. The adventure itself wasn't anything special either.Overall, there's little fun. 5-5.5/10.
7 I am a sucker for both Bullock and Tatum. The movie was mindless fun. It was a mixture of Jumangi, Snatched, and uncharted. The movie was forgettable, but worth a watch. Brad Pitt was awesome in the few minutes he was in the movie.
7 LIKES:The Pace Is Good:
Say what you want about the film, but I can't lie that the pace is much better than I anticipated this movie having. The Lost City has a lot of elements combined, but somehow balances a lot of the perspectives into a decently timed film that does not break the bank. A slower opening is curtailed by short time spending in it, but yet not enough to offset the important character building they are working on obtaining. It's quite a delight to be honest, and keeping that pace going works to keep some of the staler comedy tactics from being too hard to follow.The Character Involvement:
A movie loaded with casts like this are certainly something that gives me chills, primarily in how many times their characters are wasted in this movie. However, the movie surprises me again in how well it keeps using the characters that they introduce. While Tatum and Bullock do indeed have most of the screen time, Brad Pitt, Da'Vine Joy Randolph, and Oscar Nuñez do get their fair share of inclusion in this movie to stay relevant to the plot and relationships of the character. Juggling all these characters without intruding too much is not an easy challenge, yet the comedy does well to really keep these pieces progressing down the same path.The Acting:
Surprisingly better than I anticipated, the movie brought out A game in comedy acting for much of the film despite the direction the film took. Radcliffe sort of reprises his role of the bratty villain again (see Now You See Me 2) , and he seems to be having fun with the role that he is trying to make come alive. He succeeds on many levels, and his level of hyperbolic comedy fits well into the movie's tone that fans will really enjoy the laughable character before them. Tatum is well Tatum on many levels of the movie, bringing that airheaded, naïve and street boy like demeanor that you either love or hate. His banter comedy and one-line delivery are on point in this film, and if you like the irony of a physically fit guy being very idiotic and incompetent on levels, then you are right at home in this film. To be fair though, he does also bring the vulnerable side out very well, and I give him props for finally bringing a more realistic and relatable character than what I have gotten from most of his other films. As for Bullock, the woman is on fire as she often is for me in her films. Combining the sarcasm of Miss Congeniality, the searching for life's moments from the Blind Side, and the attitude from Speed is how I can describe her character. Bullock manages to bring these sides together into a very good character, that helps convey the message of the movie, but never sacrifice the other elements that the film is attempting to achieve. A fantastic centerpiece to the character web, she's got a lot of fascinating levels that are realistic, and require the help of others to get through the impasses she faces in this film.The Message:
A comedy that is fun is a victory for many, and one that manages to add story to it gets even bigger props from me. However, when you can also put in some good moral assessing moments and make me feel for the character, that's a bonus in my book. The Lost City has once again managed to put a few lessons into the movie, and while some are indeed cheesy and very much thrown into your face, others are timed well to sort of break through the mirror. When I hit these moments, I really felt something for the characters, which again is smart writing when they learn how to time things right and not overdo them.The Music:
If you liked the theme song for the advertisements in this movie, then get ready to be blown away by soundtrack of this film. The Lost City is loaded with great songs that are utilized at the right times to set the mood, help bring out extra laughs and ambience of walking, while also just being fun to listen too. An A+ I grant to the selection of this soundtrack and even more for the sound utilization in the actual film.The Comedy
While the Lost City is far from being the cleverest, or even diverse style, it still does achieve the level of fun I look for in this type of movie. Sexual innuendos are loaded into this movie, both in your face and snuck in that sometimes had me belting out in the theater, and more so the other audience members, as the two leads battle for supremacy. However, there are plenty of other things to get you into the moment with this film including, but not limited to: slapstick humor involving bodily harm, one-liners that involve our characters being idiotic or enraged, rambling comedy where characters try to sound enlightened but are again just out there, and plenty of banter that is perhaps the cleverest device used. Regardless, you will find a log of laughs in this film if you give it a try, and I was very happy with what I got in this film if I'm being honest.DISLIKES:The Plot's Lack Of Adventure:
I can take off points for the high-level of predictability that is loaded into this movie, but what I think if fairer is that the adventure element is surprisingly limited to mostly what you see in the trailers. The Lost City's battling of dangerous criminals and the threats of the jungle has been laid out for you in those trailers, and while enjoyable there was so much more that could have been done. More animals they had to outwit, or more environmental hazards to use against the pursuing threats could have further amped up this movie's wow factor for me than what they did. This would be especially true in trying to solve the puzzle that got them into this mess, and finding more clues in the world to help beef up the mystery element.Radcliffe's Character:
While the former Harry Potter legend does the role well, it does not mean I enjoyed the villain any better. Fairfax is lame, a villain that is just a less polished version of the brat from Now You See Me 2, and I would have liked again either better comedy with him, or some element that made him a bigger threat than what we got. I get the point of the comedy is to integrate them into the mix, I really do, but the fact we could not integrate a better character into the mix that did not have to be an incompetent boob would have helped the adventure element of this plot they were striving to reach.Cheesy In Your Face Moments:
It's hard to avoid these moments in the style this comedy is presented in, but there are times where the cheese factor can be a little bit too much for a viewer like me. After seeing a few moments that feel raw, emotionally gut punching, and relatable to the point it hurts, to see the Hollywood rub it in your face moments are a little meh in my taste. Sure, they do bring the romantic comedy vibe with them, but they could have done a little better with that mess if they timed it better, or used it in a comedic moment rather. It's by far from the worst gospel moments I've seen, but it does still exist at times.The Random Interruption of Pace:
The movie does well keeping that fun and fast pace moment to really keep us moving towards the goal of survival, but then hits this random moment that sort of trips the entire element. About three-quarters through the movie, we randomly drop into this one moment that completely drops the mood into an off-kilter moment belonging in a Sparks' novel movie, that while heartwarming and emotional, feels out of place amidst the rest of the movie. It's not that there were not enjoyable moments to it, but it's the scene that feels shoved in the most compared to the other elements I saw earlier in the film.Needed More Time:
Ironically, this movie could have used a little more time to make the adventure feel the most worthwhile. That descent in the jungle, the pursuit of the bad guys, and the integration of the other characters all needed some more time and scenes to really hit the full bang this film wanted. While this may of course burn more minutes from your plans, the Lost City could have used a little more coordination to really give us the comedic adventure the trailers wanted, and help not feel like those romance moments were shoehorned in for the sake of wrapping up the film.The VERDICT:
The Lost City turned out to be a surprise for me, because of how much fun I had in this fast-paced adventure/comedy that was very open to most audiences. A story that is not ridiculously stupid, it balances both serious and funny moments in a decent see-saw of moments that help you really grab on to the characters and engage in their life. Yet, for those looking for simplistic fun, the movie has that for you too, and the writing alongside sequences is sure to just be enjoyable for groups to see. Alongside beautiful shots, variety of comedic moments, and a soundtrack that kicks butt, you really do have a movie that checks the boxes for what going to the movies used to be about investing in the time. As for the dislikes, the movie really just needed more time and planning for the adventure element, to really deliver the potential of these two unlikely explorers having a fun decipher of the riddle. More time, alongside a more serious villain could have done wonders for this movie, perhaps helping dilute the shoehorned moments, allow for more comedy that was not innuendo based, and not interrupting the momentum of the movie that happens near the end. Still, the movie is definitely fun, and brings a balanced picture that does not break the dam of cursing or R rated moments many films like to get away with. As such, my recommendation is to catch this movie in theaters if you can, preferably with a group, as I give The Lost City a score of:Action/Adventure/Comedy: 7.0
Movie Overall: 6.0-6.5.
7 It is a comedy movie using adventure background and added a little bit of romance, I had multiple funny moments.+ The movie has Brad Pitt, he shines in every scene
The movie should have more Brad Pitt.
8 The Cinemark near me has started to show Indian movies. Not feeling like sitting home tonight, I decided to catch this one, and luck was with me.My image of Indian movies, I confess, was that they were mostly musicals centering around a love story involving a very beautiful young woman and a very handsome young man, with lots of elaborate, high-energy dance numbers to keep things going.There is a love story here, but it's not the focus of the film. There are also a few large and very impressive dance numbers, but only a few. (The men's dancing, extremely athletic, astounded me.)Rather, this movie focuses on the story of two young men in 1920s India who, each in his own way, are fighting against the English occupiers.The English are portrayed as inhuman monsters. Very often, they made me think of the worst atrocities committed by the Germans in France during World War II, or the most rabid racists in the American South. The first time we see the two male leads dancing, a link is indeed made between the Indians and what appear to be Black American musicians.Every time the Indians manage to take revenge on the English for their inhuman abuse of the Indians, you cheer - but at times I wondered if I would have cheered watching a parallel movie about Blacks taking revenge on white racists who had mistreated them in the American South, especially if I had been in a movie theater where, like tonight, I was the only audience member who did not belong to the oppressed population. Imagine Spike Lee, for example, able to make a movie in which he did not have to worry about selling tickets to whites as well as Blacks, and you have some idea of how anti-British colonials this movie is. It is the difference between a society in which the oppressor was a small minority of the population vs. Here, where Blacks are a minority of the American population. I don't want to push this comparison too far. The movie only makes the connection in one scene. But this is very definitely a movie that focuses on the story of a brutally oppressed people seeking freedom from an inhuman oppressor, rather than just a series of dance numbers.I don't speak any of the Indian languages used in the movie, but I had no problem following what was going on with the subtitles, which were almost always easy to read. I'm sure there were cultural references I didn't catch, however, especially at the end in the final big dance number, which seemed to be presenting India as a nation of different regions and cultures all united in one.The director and cinematographer definitely deserve praise. There was one very striking visual image after the next, especially during the battle scenes. Ram Charan, dressed as a "native warrior"-if that term means anything anymore-flying through flames was breathtaking.So, if you've even been curious about Indian movies, give this one a try. Yes, it's three hours long, but trust me, the time goes flying by. This is truly an action movie, a mixture of visual fantasy and often very graphic realism that held my interest to the end.
10 The last time director SS Rajamouli managed to wow the audience was in 2017 with the film Baahubali: The Conclusion. It took him 5 long years for him to conceptualise his next film RRR, shoot and bring it to the silver screen. Pulling off a multi-starrer with Jr NTR and Ram Charan in the lead roles might seem an accomplishment in itself. But Rajamouli manages to deliver even when it comes to the story.RRR is set in the 1920s and revolves around the lives of two revolutionaries - Alluri Seetharama Raju who waged an armed campaign against the British and Komaram Bheem a tribal from the Gond tribe who fought against atrocities heaped on his people. There is no historical evidence to show that the two ever met or fought together but Rajamouli reimagines history and weaves a story around their meeting.RRR runs on a relatively simple premise. There's 'fire' - an angry, young police officer Ramaraju (Ram Charan) who is both revered and feared by the British. He has done their every bidding for years, he is the one they sic on anyone they want to capture and yet, he is the one who's never given enough respect due to the colour of his skin. Then there's 'water' - sweet, simple, innocent Bheem (Jr NTR) who has brute strength but uses it only when it serves his purpose. He's a Gond tribal who has come to the city to rescue a young girl called Malli, who was taken away by Lady Scott (Alison Doody), to be the singing doll 'on (her) mantelpiece'. But that is just the beginning of the tale.Rajamouli's new calling cards seem to be building new world. Because, despite being based on two revolutionaries from history, RRR has a story that's completely fictional. Delhi of the 1920s becomes his new canvas. Bheem might have fought against the Nizams, so much so that one of them finds it imperative to warn the British that he's not to be taken lightly. But he also finds shelter with Muslims in Delhi. Ramaraju might seem like a well-trained soldier who will follow instructions blindly but he also seems to have a past no one but his uncle (Samuthirakani) knows about. Scott (Ray Stevenson) might believe 'brown rubbish' deserve even a bullet to be wasted on them but Jennifer (Olivia Morris) seems more empathetic. This is not the freedom movement where you turn the other cheek, this is the one where you use your hands as weapons.The first half of RRR runs like clockwork. There's the emotional core in Malli, there's the song and dance with Naatu Naatu (it'll make you smile) and a friendship explored through Dosti, there's even a few laughs whenever Bheem tries to befriend Jennifer. Cinematic liberties are taken but they don't seem as noticable as in the later portions, half where the film falters a bit. The way Ramaraju's fiancé Sita (Alia Bhatt) is woven into the narrative, apart from Ram Charan's transformation to another look also seem forced in a tale that was smooth sailing. After the way Bheem is set up effortlessly despite nothing much being told, the way Ramaraju's story unfolds seems strained. The climax leaves more to be desired. The good thing however is that the film manages to surprise you. Rajamouli also manages to use certain tropes set up in the initial portions of the film in the latter portions cleverly.None-the-less Rajamouli manages to pull off something people have been pining for - a commercial, action drama that will keep you thoroughly entertained - which it does. The length also doesn't prove to be a hindrance, thanks to a tight screenplay. The VFX in certain portions could've been better. Jr NTR pulls off his career's best performance. He's charming as Bheem, especially in the emotional bits and his desperation to find Malli comes through well, so does his love for Ramaraju. Ram Charan also does well, pouring soul into the transformations his character goes through. Tarak and Charan's roles require them to have chemistry, which they do. Alia Bhatt, Olivia Morris, Samuthirakani, Ajay Devgn, Shriya Saran and others play their parts well. Olivia in particular manages to win your heart. Alison and Ray breeze through their roles. Keeravani's OST for the film might not be for everyone but he does well with the BGM. Senthil's camerawork is a delight too.RRR is made for a big screen viewing. The cinematography and visual aesthetics paint every frame in a radiating manner. Oodles of flamboyance is something one has come to expect from Rajamouli now. The background score thuds with relentless urgency and repetition, unapologetically melodramatic and quite smitten with itself. It numbs us into submission but post-interval as the pace falters a little, the pleasures dwindle too.RRR is perfection by any means because after the way Rajamouli pulls off certain scenes, you wonder if he could've done a better job in others. But watch this one this weekend if you've been longing for a good action packed drama. Especially so if you're a fan of the lead duo.
10 RATED 10/10
Language: Telugu
Media Partner: Zee5
Source: Nil
HIGHLY RECOMMENDEDMovie starts with two hero introductions, that itself like full meals satisfaction...Really the trailer shown the 30% of the movie, it has much more action blocks and goosebumps moments in the movie... its real double treat. Mass moments also doubled with dual heroes... Naattu song is the cherry on top, whole theatre goes mad on this one... the interval block action sequence is real jaw dropping one, even though we can guess this one, but cant guess the scale...Second half starts with bit slow flashback, but it picks up to the peak immediately. Second half has more sentiments and more screen space for RC. RC outshines NTR in lot of places... All the action blocks are gravity defying but enjoyable.... After credit Janta song has cameo from Rajamouli. When the movie ends it was like completing the festival celebration....Exceeding expectations in all aspects....
10 I'm not a native Telugu speaking audience so the first time i was exposed to ss rajamouli was when i saw eega that movie also i watched because i heard that ajay devgan was dubbing for the film from that day to this day you can say I'm a fanboy.RRR bleeds ss rajamouli in every frame from the action to dance to the most mundain dilogue it has what i call rajamouli pitch to the film. The filmis three hours long but it never feel like it,the editing and cinematography is awesome the only bad thing about the film is the songs are not as good as his favourite filmsThe film is casted perfectly Ram Charan has played his most wonderful character, NTR has restraint yet powerful presence to the film Alia Bhatt is graceful. All the foreign actors are well casted special mention to the Olivia moris. Ajay Devgan is awesome even in a limited screen presence i would be tempted to say he outperormed both the heros of the Film.The best thing about the film though is the action choreography and it was expected to be good but that have surpassed my expectations same goes with visual effects.The action set peieces were meticulously planned and perfectly excuted.The film will leave you with a wow and it will touch your heart one way or another.one of the most wonderful films i have seen in past few years.
9 Just watched #RRR. Are u going to read this review. Review less film, The Tag S. SRajamouli is enough to watch it Mind blowing, Charan,Tarak performances are Top notch , I think they gave carrer best performance. Vfx,Music, Production design every thing is Back bone of film, review is not more than this because Enjoy this master peice only in threaters....❤❤🙏🙏🙏 once again #RRR Pride of Indian cinema , Take a bow captain of the ship s.s rajamouli garu🔥🔥 4.5/5⭐
At last Dont encourage Piracy ,Enjoy those Veralevel Action Scenes only in Threaters.
9 Total militaristic propaganda on a scale that is as immense in scope as a David Lean and as bloody and brutalist as Mel Gibson. It's certainly nowhere near as subtle as the former (well, duh, kids), but it also manages to be rapturously stupid it's gruesome violence than anything the latter would do. My wife with me also pointed out Zack Snyder but far superior visa vi "here's a man with something to say... and it's LOUD and SLOW MO" and I concur up to a point. And if you don't like British people, boys and girls have I got a smorgasbord of "f the Brits" for you (it's alright there's the one good lady one).But what experiencing all 187 minutes of RRR truly is - and final peppy and totally dissonant music number included that is the run time - is going to the All You Can eat buffet where you are not going to leave for like 10 hours: it's a somber and powerful war movie, a Gritty Run they the Jungle slaughter fest, a Cornball treatise on Friendship, a (at times very literally) fiery call to arms against the British or any Colonial power, a sliver of romance for good measure for Bheem, and for five to ten minutes a deliriously exciting Step Up dance-off movie. It's exhausting and crude and at times laughable (all those CGI animals oh my), and I had an absolute blast. You know what you're in for when our two heroes first meet under the bridge surrounded by fire. If you're not with it by then, leave and don't come back.I know this is not historically accurate (LOL), but who needs accuracy when the exploitation-meter needs breaks through the glass and becomes a superhero bent on saving everyone with all the guns? This is gloriously crazy but it's totally sincere. Oh, and Ray Stevenson: performance of his career! (If only Aamir Khan was here, 5 stars easy).
10 A story about 2 individuals and their respective missions. Its has nothing to do with the India's independence and all....Alluri Sitarama Raju and Komaram Bheema played by Ram Charan and Junior NTR had done an amazing performance. They just toiled for this movie...Visual Effects, Action Stunts, BGM was the highlighting factor as we focus only on story line it will be a disaster as these commercial elements is required to make the audience watch for 3hrs...Breath taking action sequences during the Hero's introduction, interval and at climax which we should definitely expect from a Rajamouli Film...Sabu Cyril production design was fantastic as he able to met the expectations of the director.Alia Bhat failed to impress whereas Ajay Devgn done his cameo performance very well...RRR is all of mass movie with high octane action sequences...The cinematography especially was fabulous as an it just able to say us "Whoaaa"Nattu Nattu song was just awesome as we could see the fast pace Junior NTR and Ram Charan doing their steps and that too with a proper coordination which just have to be experienced over a big screen..Overall its a visual impact treat which at PVR big screen or at Dolby Atmos can be watched.. That kind of efforts the team had put...So RRR a mass entertainer visual impact movie.
10 Believe me after a long time a good movie come and you will enjoy every scene of this movie . Background music is awesome . Jr. NTR did best and ramcharan is also good . You fill goosebumps when they both come together.
10 #OneWordReview...
#RRR: TERRRIFIC.Blockbuster
#SSRajamouli gets it right yet again... #RRR is a big screen spectacle that blends adrenaline pumping moments, emotions and patriotism magnificently... #RRR has the power and potential to emerge a MASSIVE SUCCESS.
10 If Magadheera, Eega and the Baahubali movies were a mere teaser of what S. S. Rajamouli is capable of as a filmmaker, RRR is the feature length definition of his ability to create cinema that transcends language and nativity barriers, eventually delivering what many try but fail to deliver: universal entertainment. RRR is an intense action drama with all the makings of a perfect visual spectacle, and experiencing it in 3D would only make it better. Ranging from the grand production values to resonant emotions to the outstanding action sequences, RRR is epic in every sense of the word, and truly Ravishing, Refreshing and Recommendable.The film might be around three hours long, but it never actually feels like a long film. In fact, times flies by really quick while watching RRR, an explosive cinematic blockbuster which has entertainment for all ages in spite of the U/A rating. The cinematography, the visual effects and the fight and dance choreography are some of the key highlights of the film, aside from the terrific performances by Jr. NTR, Ram Charan and others. Ajay Devgn and Alia Bhatt shine in their brief yet integral roles. One more good thing is the songs never hinder the storytelling and instead make the experience more and more fun. And then, we have the fights and stunts which totally dominate the show and deliver a bang for the buck, which is what any action buff could ask for.Plus, director S. S. Rajamouli has beautifully handled the depiction of his film's two heroes, giving them a balanced amount of focus so that the viewers can never call just one of them the "main hero". Also, the background music is gold and a major asset to the proceedings. Editing is razor-sharp and the sets look grand. RRR only reinstates the fact that S. S. Rajamouli is the undisputed king of period action dramas in India and that other filmmakers have a lot to learn from him. I would definitely recommend watching RRR and suggest you not to leave the seat until the very end, otherwise you might miss some important parts. This is what cinema exists for, and you don't need to think too much before booking your tickets.
8 The greatest achievement is not making an industry defining franchise but to give the right follow up to it. Expectations are higher, challenges are higher and the chances of a misfire is at its highest. Visionary directors like Spielberg and James Cameron have proven it on the biggest stage but in Asian cinema, Rajamouli has established himself as the master of making magnum opus movies.The Bahubaali films aside from being box office behemoths, helped Telugu film industry to be popular across the country. Naturally, RRR is expected to reach that benchmark and it does largely to the fantastic lead performances from Ram Charan and Junior NTR. After multiple delays due to the pandemic, RRR hit screens at the right moment without compromising the post production work to hit the screens quickly.On a technical scale, it outdoes Bahubaali considerably. Even the unrealistic action sequences exhilirate you so well that you forget about the logic going out of the window. The criticisms of RRR is it's lack of screentime and proper writing for it's female characters. Like all Indian films it has the troupe of a damsel waiting to be rescued by our macho hero. While Junior NTR and Ram Charan play compelling leads it's tough not to wonder if they were playing The Hulk and Thor, considering they are unfazed by wild animals and bullet injuries.Ultimately RRR is a well made semi-fictional historical drama with the right amount "mass" movements to satisfy the audience. Rajamouli has clearly done his homework and has shown us again why he is the most consistent director in Telugu cinema.
10 The tag SS Rajmouli is enough to watch the movie. Plz don't compare Rajmouli to other directors, SSR is a brand💥.1st half will give you goose bumps in every scene. I'm tired of screaming in the theatre, Jr. NTR acting will make u stunned. Songs, dialogues are fabulous. Interval scene is beyond expectation🔥. Deadly combo of Ramcharan & Jr. NTR are fabulous, there fights & friendship is Top Notch.1st & 2nd half are carried perfectly, Rajmouli rocked it again💥🔥. They should've chosen other actress instead of Alia bhatt. Other actors like Ajay devgan, Shriya Saran, Olivia Morris & others rocked it💥.Story, Cinematography, VFX, Dialogues, Action sequence, Songs, BGM everything is perfectly executed 🔥.RRR is a masterpiece 🔥
Say no to piracy.
10 Overall, RRR is probably Rajamouli career best since Bahubali frainchase. While it also became NTR and Ram Charan best film since Magadheera, Rangasthalam and Aravinda Sametha Veera Raghava.Music is excellent and direction is great. Sure I think RRR going to set opening record.Definitely a must watch.
10 Now some audiences going to find logic, bcoz its clear when a good film release some ppl are looking for minus point only.For me it is the second true event film that i liked after 13 Hours. These days everyone doing based on someone life but from my side i have got only 3 hour to entertain myself and I can't regret for what i wasting my time. At this topic i only choose to entertain myself except to watch someone struggle in his/her time. I respect them all but i like to read a book about them not in film.Coming to the topic director did a brilliant job again and prove that he is the legend of indian cinema. Now some ppl will find logic, physic etc... Bcoz they don't know how to entertain themselves. Mostly from hindi audiences, by the way i m also a hindi but i like to praise someone hard work and any good films which entertain me anyway.
10 The first day back2back shows, first in Tamil 3D and the consecutive show in Hindi IMAX 3D.I think this is the 2nd best movie from the Telugu industry, just next to the same director's Baahubali 2.Story or plot-wise, there's nothing special but the making is where the film stands out.Visually very engaging, emotionally connecting and there's rarely a scene that is wasted, every single frame has been used.If you don't compare this to the director's previous films, then it'd be an amazing treat for sure and to some extent, it even goes beyond the expectations. Raajamouli is the only director who can do this magic repeatedly.The 2 protagonists' best movie is also this one only, I suppose.Certainly like other films, there are some cons but the pros surpass them easily as it was a refreshing experience watching a nice masala movie after a long time.
8 I'd say the story is weak but mostly the film was entertaining, the action kept me gripped. I enjoyed the film thoroughly but the story could have been better.
8 The first Rajamouli film I saw was Magadheera. It was a revelation at that time for me that an Indian action film can look this good. The way it combined its own version of mythology and made it so good was something that really blew my mind even though I had so many issues during the modern times in that movie. But I could see that was some Telugu commercial filmmaking that was needed at that time. Then Eega with its crazy fly revenge felt even better. Then Bahubali became a national sensation but even though I liked that film, I was disappointed because I felt like Magadheera should have been the success Bahubali was. Other than the great war scenes and a few things here and there I didn't really like it as much as the previous two films I liked. Bahubali 2 was an even bigger disappointment as I didn't like it at all. So I was going into RRR with caution but it easily became my favourite film of his.Right from the start, with the intro of Ramcharan, there were many things about it that defied expectations. We see the hero of the movie in a completely negative light in an impossible action setpiece. The scene is crafted in such a way that even if we know that is not possible, we don't question it. The film is filled with so many moments like that where the action setpieces blow your mind and if these action scenes are shown any differently it would not work. The entry of Jr. NTR during the action scene right before the interval was another moment that was mindblowing.The use of patriotism and the mythological parallels were beautifully done. Even the wind rousing the character at a moment felt like it is referencing Bheem/Hanuman, the name and the action done by that character being sons of Vayu, the wind god in mythology. There are a lot of issues in the film, but the existence of this film in this form itself is a wonder as far as I'm concerned. The best film to come out under the so-called "pan-Indian" label.
10 This movie takes us to a world with emotional roller coaster ride, patriotism and strong characters. Every character has its own journey and a unique place in the story. I didn't expected VFX to be this good, I mean it was literally stunning to watch it in imax. The visual experience is what was very different from other movies.Overall this is an festival which should be celebrated by everyone.
10 We all know it will be a blockbuster, but guys this is unexpectedly fantastic. Movie starts with fire & water introduction ,great approach by SSR. RC & NTR intro, their friendship are heart melting. I guess not even Hollywood or anyone can design this kind of intervel episode except SSR. Ajay episode is good. The scenes with Alia and NTR in pre climax make you roll out tears and the RC transformation to Alluri getup makes you clap in the theater. Wonderful experience. Movie wise it's greater than bahubali. Had chances to cross bahubali collection. 3d is also too good. Already watched 2 times 2d and 3d.
10 Never reason before action best movie ever. Paisa wasul. Every penny of you is worth. Such a brilliant movie. Ntr ram Charan deadly combo is worth watching. Interval bang. Never saw such interval ever in Indian cinema. Nattu nattu song what a performance omg. Action scenes next level. SSR best ever director India have ever produced. Finally it's Indian cinema pride 😍
6 Watched it in 3d. Some scenes are like over the top and illogical. You don't expect this from Rajamaulis movie. There were some boring scenes as well. Story is not so trong. VFX is good. Some section scenes are also good. Overall, after Bahubali and Bahubali 2 Rajamauli disappointed me.
1 I seriously beleive that the rating shown on Imdb is sham. This movie doesn't deserve an avg rating of even 5. Horrible writing and unrealistic action sequences. Its just the showcase of heavy video effects and nothing more than that.Just the basic plot of revenge, that can be seen in the 1980s bollywood films. Several crores are spent on just making this movie look grand. Story writers have done a shameful job. Screenplay is cringe.This movie is just the test of your patience for 3 hours. Brace yourself from this torture.
6 RRR (2022) :
Movie Review -High and Low. No, I'm not talking about Akira Kurosawa's Japanese flick from 1963, but I'm talking about SS Rajamouli's RRR. Actually, that's the best brief for the film I can think of. SS Rajamouli has been making mass-friendly commercial films for a long time, but Bahubali brought him pan-India popularity. He became a household name and a BRAND! So naturally, anything he would do after Bahubali was meant to look smaller or look comparatively less because the bar was set too high for any filmmaker and for himself too. The same happened with Prabhas when he came after Bahubali with "Saaho" and "Radhe Shyam". Let's just accept the fact that a film like "Bahubali : The Conclusion" (2017) can't be made again and again. Not just because it was a Massive Blockbuster, but also because the kind of extraordinary commercial cinema it presents is almost impossible nowadays. When I saw Bahubali 2, I called it the Greatest Commercial Entertainer of this millennium after Gadar (2001). Surprisingly, these two films are the only ones in this century to sell 5 crore+ tickets in the Hindi belt. It was acceptable to see such heroic characters in Bahubali because the film is set in an ancient period, which makes it reasonable. But with RRR, it can't be held reasonable enough because the film is set in the 20th century, where you expect some humanly possible stuff. It doesn't matter how big (fictionally) your character is, it has to make some sense when it comes to on-screen persona, as we have had so many legendary personalities during this period, who have served the nation till the last drop of their blood, and it all came with human restrictions. RRR looks problematic in that sense, but if you talk about mass cinema, then RRR is simply phenomenal.RRR is a fictional tale set in the 1920s. Two Indian revolutionaries, Rama Raju (Ram Charan) and Komaram Bheem (Jr. NTR), try to fight the mighty British Empire and Nizam of Hyderabad in their own ways, which are interestingly opposite and unknown to each other. Bheem is after a little girl who has been abducted by British officer Steve (Ray Stevenson) and his wife, Lady Scott (Alison Doody), while Rama is a British cop who tries to stop him. Two powerful heroes, one fiRe and one wateR, are pitted against each other, and then you get to know about their agendas in the second half when the story unfolds the past events.RRR presents Ram Charan and Jr. NTR in never-seen-before avatars. Rajamouli makes sure that their crazy mass fan following gets enough content to have a big mass party in the cinema halls. Ram Charan enters with a 5-minute long action scene, which does look a little too extraordinary for an ordinary mind, but that's what "mass cinema" means, right? On the other hand, Jr. NTR has got a crazy mass entry that has a class too. That entire forest sequence will blow your mind. A good happy warning to all Tarak fans: please keep your expectations high because Bheem is going to exceed all of them. The pair of Rama and Bheem work like a fireworks display during all those large-scale action sequences. Talking about the supporting cast, especially two Hindi actors, Ajay Devgn and Alia Bhatt, both have small but important cameos. Ajay Devgn does the speaking with his intense eyes again, and in other news, the sky is blue. This man has some charisma of his own. It's only a matter of a genius filmmaker who can use it correctly. Alia Bhatt as Sita looks gorgeous in every single scene, and her character plays a vital part in the narrative. Olivia Morris sparkles the screen with her beauty, and her accent is too cute. Alison Doody is the exact opposite of that, but that's what the villainous characters do. Both Samuthirakani and Shriya Saran appear in small roles, and both pass with good grades.RRR's basic script is as good as any Telugu action drama (mind you, some call it mindless), but the screenplay doesn't match that certain level you are expecting. The second half may bore you with outdated melodrama and may cause a little irritation too. All those flaws will be forgiven when you witness the Big-screen extravaganza in 3D. The action sequences of RRR have set the benchmark for all the filmmakers in India. Rajamouli outperforms himself from wherever he has done Bahubali. That film still had battlefield references to help a bit, but RRR, despite being driven by two characters, provides a better visual spectacle than Bahubali. That's not a small thing, mind you. The music of RRR is going to create some hysteria in theatres. If you don't feel like dancing while "Naacho Naacho," I'd say please consult a doctor. You are not normal. "Dosti" has got nice tunes for a situational song, and "Komuram Bheemudo" will take you all by surprise. I'm not sure if you can hear "Raamam Raaghavam" clearly because there will be a lot of noise, including big screams and whistles, going around at the time. But you'll ask for a repeat viewing after reaching home.It's been more than two years since we haven't had a big pan-India event film and SS Rajamouli brings back that much needed "Big-Screen Experience" for us. Undoubtedly, the best director in India when it comes to commercial cinema. The name is SS Rajamouli! His extraordinary vision of looking at ordinary things is what makes him better than other filmmakers in India. Bahubali was an ordinary script, but it's Rajamouli who made it an extraordinary film. No matter how many resemblances you find between it and "The Lion King" or its original source material, Shakespeare's Hamlet, it's a story every Indian can relate to. That's the same case with RRR, despite some flaws in the writing. But that's where Rajamouli's genius mind works overtime. He presents the high-octane mass hysteria that is sure to make the masses go crazy. The hardcore patriotism will please a certain section too. Whether it be the introduction scenes of the two lead actors or that train bridge action scene or that pre-interval rampage or even that mind-boggling climax in the forest, SS Rajamouli has outdone himself. He has reached a level that other commercial directors in Indian cinema can never reach or even dream about. Give this man a weak script and he will still make a strong mass entertainer out of it. That's what he has done with RRR. Every single viewer is going to hail him for his superlative vision of how to look at period action dramas. Every filmmaker who wants to make a great mass film should learn from him. As a whole, RRR packs a solid punch of out-and-out commercial entertainer that we have been missing since the Bahubali juggernaut. Just don't mind the below average writing, and you are going to LOVE IT!RATING - 6/10*
10 DOUBLE Best Acting N. T. Rama Rao Jr &
Ram Charan
Awesome mindblowing movie, Superb screenplay
Story K. V. Vijayendra Prasad.Directed S. S. Rajamouli on top again with fantastic movie. Awesome Cinematography.Best Stunt, Music M. M. Keeravani made wonderful. Dance choreography energetic lovely.An patrotic movie with friendship and sweet love
BLOCKBUSTER.
10 First of all really good, mature acting by NTR jr. And Ram Charan. The scenes they are together, the bromance between them helped add a soul to the movie.The production value made it very enjoyable to watch. The close up shots, the well made CGI all took this movie up some notches.Though the first half was good (like action was pretty crazy like unbelievable and insane but still good), the second half was a bit lackluster in the way they just simply go on an anti British fetish. The commercial elements was seen everywhere but I guess that was intentional for mass audiences.It was great to experience it in 3D. Watch it in 3D if you have the chance.
18 March 2022 "Anyone can be tailor." Leonard (Mark Rylance)Although sometimes I can't tell if I love film more than theater, with The Outfit I found a film that satisfies both affections. Writer-director Grahame Moore brings a Hitchcock frame of mind with one dominant location, an atelier holding no more than four or five characters, just like a theater stage, and a sense of foreboding coming from history and the characters themselves, just like the modern psychological thrillers do.Just watch out for those scissors-Hitch would love the touch.Underneath the simple set is a rumbling of sin as the meek tailor, Leonard, contends with three mobs threatening him and his secretary, Mable (Zoey Deutch). He is required to stitch around those who want to kill each other and destroy his business, with different crooks coming in the front door intent on finding a tape that allegedly would send them to jail.The joy of this neo-noir thriller is the suspense that Hitchcock virtually patented because his non-mob characters are seemingly innocent types, and his sinners not quite in control of their ambitions. What Hitch and other thriller directors like Moore want is to show the vulnerability of the common citizen and the weaknesses of the seasoned mobsters.Although it's up to Leonard, small haberdashery owner in Chicago, to protect his shop, he also, in a narcotic-like voice over, explains the allegorical implications of his cutting and sewing. For instance, he is not a tailor but rather a cutter. The former artless, the latter a professional trained for years on London's iconic Saville Row.No recent film has surpassed The Outfit's ability to reveal the wickedness of humanity and its adaptability while supplying a dose of old-time noir. Delight in the spare set, the super acting, and the innumerable closeups that do as much to reveal character as the uncomplicated, Pinter-like dialogue.Although this tidy feature, similar to Leonard in its meticulous revelation of character and motive, seems suited to streaming, it is a euphoric experience on the big screen as the spare audiences can be enveloped by the powerful characters and story, in a setting that puts all in a dynamic room with mystery aplenty.
7 The Outfit proves that you don't need a bunch of over paid actors and a huge budget to make a great film. A good script and solid acting works just as well. 7 stars.
7 Greetings again from the darkness. Graham Moore won an Oscar for his screenplay on Alan Turing's life in THE IMITATION GAME (2014). Now he has directed his first feature film, one he co-wrote with Johnathan McClain. The final product is a bit unusual in that it takes place almost entirely in one spot ... a tailor's shop ... and features only a handful of characters. It's a film that would transition easily to the stage for live performances.Mark Rylance (Oscar winner for BRIDGE OF SPIES, 2015) excels here as Leonard, a Savile Row-trained tailor now working his craft in his own shop in 1956 Chicago. His path from London to the windy city is a bit murky, but we immediately take note of Leonard's calm and elegant presence accompanied by his soothing voice. Rylance uses that voice as narrator to explain the intricacies involved with creating a man's suit, and the importance of reading the man prior to utilizing the 4 fabrics and 38 pieces that make-up the outfit. Leonard is also protective of Mable (Zoey Deutch, ZOMBIELAND: DOUBLE TAP, 2019), his assistant who dreams of traveling the globe.An early montage shows us how the mob utilizes Leonard's shop for drops, and trusts him due to his 'see no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil' demeanor. Leonard is one cool dude, and it's obvious we (and the mob) are underestimating him ... but we can't quite figure out why or by how much. One crazy night changes everything. Richie (Dylan O'Brien, THE MAZE RUNNER franchise) is brought into the tailor shop after being shot by a rival gang ambush. He's accompanied by Francis (Johnny Flynn, EMMA., 2020), and the dynamics between these two is quite interesting. Richie is the son of the Boyle family patriarch and has been seeing Mable on the side, while Francis is the favored employee after saving Roy Boyle (Simon Russell Beale) by taking gun fire. Richie is a whiny, spoiled wannabe tough guy, while Francis is volatile and constantly sneering.What follows is a bit Hitchcockian. We have plot twists, murder, backstabbing, danger, and surprises. When it's discovered the Boyle family has a rat that is feeding details to the rival cross-town gang and the FBI, things get tense thanks partially to a MacGuffin audio tape. It all leads to confrontations in the shop, and some nice scene-chewing from Simon Russell Beale and Nikki Amuka-Bird as the leader of the rival gang. An elaborate plan by one of the characters is a pleasant surprise (to us, not the others). As Leonard points out on a couple of occasions, he's a "cutter", not a tailor - a distinction he takes as seriously as his skill with shears. The film's title has double meaning: the suits Leonard crafts, and the national syndicate that involves the Boyle family. Most of this we've seen before, but it's Rylance's portrayal of Leonard that offers a different look and feel. Fans of deceptive thrillers will find some joy here.Opens in theaters on March 18, 2022.
8 An English tailor in Chicago makes a dime, stitching up a bespoke suit can take some time, with a trusty tape and thimble, his cutting sheers are nimble, several threads becoming frayed then intertwined.
7 Things that frequently describe movies I love: sci-fi, action, blockbuster, fast-paced, crazy and out-there, epic, superhero.Things that frequently describe movies I dislike: period piece, slow burn, mostly talking, artsy.I listed the above to illustrate how good of a movie this had to be in order for me to like it this much. I watched zero trailers and knew nothing going in. When it starts in 1956 with a man describing how to make clothes, I think "omg what have I gotten myself into." Halfway through I think "it's pretty good but not something I would revisit." By the end I think "it's awesome, rewatching is a must."This movie is clever on so many levels. It has character and class with lots of memorable moments. It has great scenes of suspense as well as good performances all around. And best of all, the story is so captivating and told in a... clever way. What a pleasant surprise. (1 viewing, 3/21/2022)SPOILERSBlue jeans. Lol.There were so many twists and turns. None of them blew my mind or gave me goosebumps. But every single one surprised me and made me smile.I also loved the parallel throughout the movie between makes clothes and making movies. I didn't notice the parallel until the final shot. I don't know if that's when the realization is meant to happen or if I'm just slow (if so, don't make fun of me lol). Either way I'm glad it happened that way for me, because it was a delicious cherry on top of a great movie).The only thing I wonder is if his plan was feasible or if it needed everything to go perfectly. I'll have to see on second viewing. But even if it's not perfect, it won't make me like the movie any less.
8 You don't see many movies like this in theatres these days! And this is exactly why I loved it, it's the kind of film that I really miss seeing a lot of; they type that typically gets dumped on streaming these days. It's an old-fashioned crime thriller that takes place in one location and is a dialogue driven story... and believe it or not it's not part of a franchise! It's a very well done film and is certainly going to be one of the most underrated films of 2022. If you're reading this, don't sleep on it, go see it right away! I didn't even watch a trailer for it, I went in pretty much blind, and absolutely loved it! I ate it right up; it was a huge, pleasant surprise! It's a perfect classic day-in-the-life of a mobster tale!Writer-director Graham Moore really brings a Hitchcock frame of mind to this film. It takes place all in one location, has a small cast and yet could not be more intense and impressive! The script is immaculate, one of the best crime thriller scripts I've seen in ages and feels like it actually has a high quality feel to it. There are so many awesome twists and turns throughout, and some truly electric dialogue. I also loved how it uses the concept of Chekhov's gun to cleverly setup and subvert expectations, it made the twists even more satisfying! Every time I thought I had the film figured out, it turned the tables on me, keeping me in suspense. Moore handles the suspense so well, in very Hitchcockian ways and the movie is constantly gripping, interesting and intense! However while the films abundance and reliance on its twists is its greatest strength, it's also its greatest flaw as it slightly pushed my suspension of disbelief a little far and messed with the pacing at times. But the pros far outweigh the cons. I also loved how cleverly Moore made use of the space (the tailor shop), which was immaculately and thoroughly utilized throughout. I was constantly surprised how they kept finding new ways to use the space and evolve the story! The only downside was that this didn't allow for the cinematography to be as impressive or eye popping as it could have been; it was good but not overly creative, just purely functional.Another huge strength of the film is it's impressive cast and stellar performances! Mark Rylance kills it in this movie, he delivers such a daring and phenomenal performance as Leonard. It's incredibly nuanced and I just love how he slowly revealed more about his character through ways he behaved and slight tendencies in dialogue delivery. The story also really helped here, I loved how it slowly pulled back the curtain on the character as the film went on, and you couldn't help but root for him. Zoey Deutch was also such a surprise, she was so good in this, and Dylan O'Brien and Johnny Flynn were also great and need to be in more stuff! All the acting in the film was incredible, it blew me away. The actors alongside the great script truly carry the film and are the reason I loved it as much as I did!The Outfit isn't flashy, but it's a very solid story with a tightly tailored performance from Mark Rylance. It's perfect for fans of old-school thrillers; it's very well made and very enjoyable. Don't miss this one, it's rare we get films as special as this one these days!
8 This 'little' film very much has the feeling of a stage play. There is really only one set (the tailor Leonard's shop) in which everything happens. To go along with that, it has an almost claustrophobic atmosphere as the different Chicago gangster characters come and go, threaten Leonard and his receptionist Mable (nicely done by Zoey Deutch), argue, leave again. Leonard basically has to outwit them at every twist and turn (and there are lots of twists and turns), and that is about it for the plot. Add to that the fact that no one is entirely who they seem and we get a fascinating hour and a half of intense 'locked room' drama.I wouldn't quite call this minimalist ("Wating for Godot" would classify as minimalist in my books). It's continually absorbing and yet built out of nothing but carefully rendered dialog. Mark Rylance is as always superb, he somehow builds a character out of measured dialog and changes in expression that might not be anything more than a raised eyebrow or a tightening of the mouth. Amazing to watch.I first noticed Zoey Deutch in Before I Fall (2017) in which she was about the only standout. Nice to see that bigger and better roles are coming her way.Saying anything more at all would give away too much since The Outfit is, in part, a mystery as well as suspense drama. Just go see it!
6 I am a massive fan of single location movies. "Identity" or "Death And The Maiden" come to mind. The conceit typically makes the moviemakers get really clever with the use of space. But if you've seen enough movies about mild manner characters with simmering dark pasts, you'll see a lot of this coming from a mile out. Which will leave you wondering "why was the movie even made?"The writer/director is Graham Moore, who was most likely given this simple feature to make to show he can bridge his career into directing. This is a nice little flick that like the Wachowskis who made "Bound" means he can do something bigger. Perhaps not "The Matrix" but he will segue this into something much larger.The story is of a tailor...er cutter named Leonard Burling (Mark Rylance), a quiet Englishman who constructs the most exquisite suits in Chicago. We know this because of the way he speaks reverentially about his craft. His precision is that of a car engineer carving out clean lines, attention to detail, and near obsessive nature in which he narrates the work he is doing. It also illustrates the connection he makes between that and the people who wear the suits he makes.He is assisted by a very street tough girl, Mabel (Zoey Deutch) from the neighborhood who has long history with the block, enough to see that it has fallen to the scum of society. That doesn't stop her from dating the son of a very awful mob boss who has his eyes set on being included in a national network of other criminal scum. Leonard's store is being used as a drop off spot for communications between that interconnect villainy (the days before the Dark Web).Unfortunately, the local mob discover that there is a rat in their midst, and a tape that was discovered in the box contains the whereabouts and, therefore, identity of the snitch. There is some mob infighting and slowly, they begin to turn on one another.The movie itself, while expertly designed fails at the worst part possible...the reveal. It's no secret that still waters are going to run deep. And we are handed brief glimpses of the darkness within. Though, the frustrating part is having to wait for the pot to boil, it is also a grind to watch Mark Rylance savor his deadpan English darkness. Even when he is expressing any emotion. The audience will wonder if the man isn't brain dead at some points. Leonard is treated very poorly by the mob guys, but yet he remains still and silent...big clue he is about to get ugly. But that time never happens. Well, it kind of does, but by then, it comes off as very unsatisfying and exhausting.Now, going in, I knew there was going to be that titular scene of his love of making suits. This clearly had that in mind. Also, an Academy Award writer isn't going to slack on the details. However fascinating it is to see the making of a suit and the care and patience it takes to craft it, it is VERY tedious to sit through. At a certain point we want to scream "we get it, you did your research!" But that was a tough line to skate. Because it is filler to a rather empty plot throughout.I found myself disinterested in the why or how or whats and found myself just wanting it to have some tension. Again, if you've seen the tricks of how to raise the anxiety of a situation, none of this will come as a surprise.To me, a very lackluster endeavor, but above average for the care it took to attempt it.
7 Well the art of acting main actor rylance can, calm and eloquently perfecsionism to the fingertip, both dialouges and an outfitters craftmanship. Its a complex cat and mouse game in the middle of chicagoes crime underworld, where the last mans laugh is the best.Its a story that would as well have fitted in on the theater stage as on the screen, it a one location act, a savile row kinda outfit shop, where the spoken will stay behind these walls as well as its a messengers hotspot among the big bosses of the underworld.Its a film with caracter, a film with a lot of wit, and a film that wont offer too much thrill and violence,and made on a balanced budget without exceeding ones expectations of a story like this financially, its more like a classic crime drama written in the start of the 20th century, but it still works.A small cast, apart from rylance and ms deutch, that doesnt disappoint at all. So the grumpy old man opened his matine' with ''the outfit'' before dressing up n' eatin breakfast, so now im hungry and ready for more from mr rylance, he has become one of my favourite caracter actors of the 2020's, therefore a recommend.
9 Leonard Burley (Mark Rylance) left London and opened up a shop making fine suits in Chicago as the film opens in 1956. The back room of the shop has a drop box used by the Boyle mob to collect money and pass along messages. The La Fontaines are a rival gang. Leonard's receptionist (Zoey Deutch daughter of Lea Thompson and Howard the Deutch) is the girlfriend of the mob boss's son.All the action takes place in the shop, making this an excellent play. I loved the writing which twists things away from the norm of Hollywood predictability. Enjoyable film.Guide: F-word. No sex or nudity.
10 . . . SLEUTH. Watching THE OUTFIT will help the cutting fraternity to bounce back from the overrated PHANTOM THREAD, as it shows why the typical Saville Row tailor shop is frequented by THE KRAYS and THE GODFATHER's, at least the first one. THE OUTFIT is not the sort of ludicrous eye candy represented by the KING'S MAN series. The only reference to a historical person is Al Capone, and how can you set a mob movie in Chicago without mentioning Big Al? Thankfully, the Alcatraz tax cheat is long gone by 1956, when this story takes place. This flick is perfectly paced, cast and plotted--all the twists are in the right places, and few viewers will foresee them all. THE OUTFIT is 2022's PROMISING YOUNG WOMAN.
8 LIKES:The Atmosphere: This movie is all about establishing an imposing and suspenseful atmosphere in probably the lowest intensity ever. And you know what... it worked for me. The Outfit is a very vague premise from the title, but in it you find a very classy, and intense atmosphere that does not involve creatures, bombs, or intense fighting scenes. This film takes a much laid back, and organized manner, where the intensity is trying to find out what will happen, how things will wind up, and what lies beneath the surface. As you are waiting for these answers, the movie continues to take elements to increase the suspense, and make you invest in the much simpler piece this film is made.The Costumes: It's nothing like a Disney live action movie or a Harry Potter world, but the Outfit's clothes tell a story on their own at what goes on in this story. Much of the film takes place in a small shop fitted to making clothes, and the stories that they hold are very powerful. It's a mobster movie as you can see from the poster, but though they come from a similar cloth, each suit holds a power and character with it, helping to differentiate characters, and make a statement to the story. It works well to be honest and I was very happy with how things came out with it.The Culture: This movie is all about the cultural mindsets and stereotypes of two worlds coming together. One of course in the dark corners of the Mafia family, while the other is of a cutter who finds business with these people. The two worlds dance in an uneven tone, with each new member adding to the odd exchange in an attempt to keep the situation at hand. Seeing the class of the Cutter trying to navigate the unruly attitude of the Mob boys was super intriguing to watch. I loved seeing the values, morals, and mannerisms come out, again making a big world in such a small space, once again maximizing so much in a small amount of work.Decent Pacing of The Tale: For a tale with no action, the Outfit moves very well to my surprise. It's very easy to follow, twisting the plot and kinking the linear pace to feel engaging and interesting in the process. Each new act of the movie somehow painted a bit more of the mystery to solve, while also laying a new clue to help you connect the pieces. Story elements gradually drop as well, and this one night of intensity becomes a crock pot ready to blow with the pressure being seen. Very nice tactics to use for something with less action and moving.The Dialogue/Writing: By far the biggest character moments is in the writing of this film, particular the dialogue our cast has to recite. The Outfit's words are not poetic sonnets meant to be quote, one liner capable of being the next TikTok scene, or even those inspirational lines that we love seeing. No, it's again a very witty and classy exchange of words as the stories that are being cast are put to the test of agonizing scrutiny by very powerful people. Each line uttered is like a sword on itself, a fencing match of intelligence and presentation in hopes of convincing the other to reveal the secrets and truth at hand. It's that writing that is very fitting of the time, the age, and the characters, not being forced as the characteristics come out in big in full light to potentially reward or punish those at hand. It's again very smart writing, and I loved how so much was through the words rather than the actions.The Acting: By far the strongest aspect, is the acting that has to deliver the lines. Secondary characters do well for the limited time and involvement to make a believable member of the troop. However, the main characters are the ones that get a gold star in this role that really take the movie to the top. Dylan O'Brien is fine, his character a keystone piece to the drama, though his full-on screen time needed work. He manages to bring the arrogance and fire of a youthful mob son holds. He has the mouth, the cockiness, and the edge to deliver threats and he does well with the part, hitting new levels of quality that I had not expected. Zoey Deutch is lovely as always, a role that brings out the usual innocence she has in her characters, but soon she brings her own edge to the mix. She's confident, she can face the group, but there is a vulnerability there too as she was forced into the game. I loved her chemistry with the characters a lot, and she really made a great bridge character to the group. As for Mark Rylance, wow... he was incredible as he always is in his roles. The class I've been talking about is held in his character on so many levels. From the way he presents his world to the posture he holds, there is just an heir of top-level character melding that Rylance obtained in his field. It was like he and Leonard were one and the same, making a believable performance that this movie heavily depended on, given the screen time he held. A strong character and a performance to match, he may be the strongest aspect of this film.DISLIKES:The Short Screen Time of Several Characters: As I said, Rylance holds much of the screen time, while a lot of other characters spend a shocking amount of time off screen. The Outfit is able to bring the absence into a more story-oriented use, but I can't help but feel robbed of the other cast members' performances by them being gone for so long. More integration was needed for these groups, and I had liked more time with the other cast members to get the full involvement in the story.Why Other Parts of The City Could Not Be Seen: As I said, the dialogue is super important to the story, as not only does it have to craft the characteristics, but also tells you what is happening in the world around them. Much of the film is cleverly taking place in this shop, but there is a lot happening in the streets of Chicago as well, and the world we could have inhabited. I'm not saying we needed to be running through the streets and ducking the gang fights, but I can say a little time outside of the shop would have done wonders for the film. Some of those characters that disappear from the screen, are out on those streets and getting to see these moments come out would have been nice at times.The Background Info Is Bland: For most characters, there are potentially some juicy origin stories to dive into, particularly in the darkness they hold. However, The Outfit's stories are rather mediocre for my tastes, and even the ones with more meat did not quite get the full body presentation I think they wanted. Maybe it was in the interest of time, or maybe it was trying to take the artistic direction, but there was more for me that could have been delivered to really give the full twist to the mix.The "Climactic" Finish: The one thing in this movie that felt off, was the final moment that felt like it was just in the wrong moment for this film. I liked seeing the last few parts of the character come to light and prove my theory, but this part seemed to just not fit into the pace of the rest of the movie. Even worse, this wrench in the gears really did not have impressive choreography or even really any tension, because most of the intensity had fled at this time. It felt like a last-minute attempt to interject some suspense and get the movie to over the 90-minute mark, but again it just did not feel needed.The VERDICT:The Outfit turned out to be a nice surprise in terms of the crime and drama element themes that the IMDB page promised. It's definitely not the usual gang busting, speed chasing, and bank robbing moment that we often get. No, instead, it's something with a lot more character development to it, using the subtle art of acting and good writing to tell the tale, rather than drown us in expensive scenes. The Outfit feels like a movie with a modern Shakespearean approach, and though the language is not as artsy, the presentation and intelligence are high for this film's writing making it the mightier pen of the crime and drama genres. However, the movie still could have used some doctoring up, trying to tie in more of the world and extend the world of the historical Chicago where so much happened. In addition, more characters needed to stay on screen helping further develop the information of their group, and maybe put more suspense into the film with the heated moods they took. Of course, the movie's end scene could have been different, and without the other scenes of action to support it, is a rather obscure finale to what was a calmer movie.My scores are:Crime/Drama: 8.0Movie Overall: 7.0.
7 The Outfit makes up for its few flaws with snappy dialogue, intriguingly layered characters, and some truly satisfying thrills and unexpected twists.Certain bits of conversation will reveal quirks and backgrounds for every character, and it makes it easy to rally behind any one of them, in spite of their tangible flaws. The writing in this department is truly worthy of the highest praise.The film's concluding twists reach quite a bit too far, requiring some logical leaps, mostly because they imply that some characters knew and predicted things that left far too much to chance.But even though the story does stumble at the end, I was amazed at how engaged I was throughout the entire rest of the film, despite the whole thing taking place in three rooms. It's a pretty impressive addition to the tired gangster genre.
9 In our current world of CGI, over-the-top not believable action and shallow performances, this is a very entertaining cerebral movie. Lot of surprises you never saw coming. Mark Ryland is just so much fun to watch with his you-never-know-how-or-what-he's-going-to-say deliveries. Someone said it earlier, this would be a fantastic theater production.
6 First off, I didn't hate this movie but anything above a 6 is questionable.It felt like an ending searching for a story line to get it there. Mark Rylance acting was great to watch, the rest of the cast acted to support his character and were weak in doing so. The mobsters were unrealistic and didn't convince me that they would believe everything a tailor, regardless of of how good he is, told them. And when he stuttered around telling the boss that his son was killed by one of his own people while the killer held a gun to the girls (Zoey Deutch) head in full view without question was odd and never challenged.To get something else out of the way, he was a tailor not just a cutter. A cutter fits, measures the customer and cuts the cloth. The tailor sews and styles the suit. He did both, this is a tailor's job. So that fell flat and sounded disingenuous every time he corrected them.For the receptionist to pick up the story the tailor was telling and continue it also felt like manipulated writing and came across as shallow and lazy story telling. Many of the twists were unsurprising and not needed. The last 10 minutes should have been cut. Getting stabbed by a tailors shears that deep in the neck would and should have been the end. Not even sure why he burned his shop down.I gave it a 6 for the same reason others gave it a 8 or 9, I'm starving for half decent movies that aren't centred around super powers, magic or a cartoon. Just good old fashioned clever story telling. This should have been that movie, it wasn't.
7 Harks back to an age when movies were different and even audiences were different. Excellent for what it does with what it has. Whether modern filmgoers will be satisfied, however, is another matter entirely.
7 Starts out slow and unassuming. Nothing much happens at first. Is this another boring movie? No way.The good: excellent acting performances. And a truly surprising and original story, which I did not see coming. Lots of twists that spun my mind. Really enticing to watch, with a shocking final.Any bad? One has got to have the patience to bridge the first minutes of this movie, because at first looks this movie might seem a bit slow and even a bit boring, but that doesnt make it less intrigueing and surprising.The story: a gentleman tailor is pressed by the mob, to hide an important briefcase in his premises. What is in it? And what dangers will come of keeping it?
8 When an expert tailor gets mixed up in some mob business he must use his wit's to survive the night.I went into this film blind, the only thing I knew was the synopsis and I throughly enjoyed it. The film does an amazing job of constantly surprising you, every time you think you have it figured out it throws another curve ball. This is what keeps you intrigued throughout the film as you are constantly trying to guess what will happen next. Although most of the time the twists are done very well and they make sense there are a few that I feel were unneeded.Mark Rylance is great as the lead character but I do feel there needed to be some more development for his character at the beginning. His characters development is there but it doesn't come until later. That being said it doesn't take too much away from his character as you will still find yourself rooting for him throughout the film. Dylan O'Obrien, Zoey Deutch, Johnny Flynn we're all great in their respective roles.The entire film takes place in one setting and the director Graham Moore does an amazing job of using this setting to his advantage. Every time your attention is drawn to something it is used later and he does this wonderfully.Overall this is a great film with terrific direction and storytelling you will be kept on the edge of your seat throughout the film. With great performances and intriguing characters "The Outfit" will make audiences happy they went to the movies.8/10.
9 A fabulous one-location gangster/thriller movie with the feel of a stage play. Mark Rylance plays Leonard Burling who owns and runs a Chicago outfitters shop together with his assistant Mabel (Zoey Deutch). Leonard is an ordered and deliberate British man who moved to Illinois to escape the invasion of blue jeans in London.His shop is frequented by gangsters and everything runs smoothly until the Mobster Boss's son (Dylan O'Brien) is brought, wounded, into the shop. From there things get complicated with numerous twists and turns. Rylance is brilliant, using his quiet, dry humour to keep himself and Mabel alive by manipulating those around him - a little reminiscent of Henry Fonda in 12 Angry Men.Beautifully made on a small budget, this is a fabulous movie with a fine performance from Deutch in addition to Rylance. Highly recommended!
10 Just saw it at the Berlinale and it's a very entertaining little piece of art where every detail is in the right place (or not in the right place if it needs to be) so it's really like the perfect Mystery movie, playing out with a lot of surprising twists and a slow, powerful pace without confusing or betraying the audience. Perfect, subtile acting of the whole cast. Great visual Ideas and a bit of spicy suspense and violence. It's quite so perfect, that it's funny to hear a voice over philosophy about dealing with imperfectionism during the finale of the movie. I am looking forward to see more of the director.
9 This is one of the best damn movies I've seen in a while. Expertly crafted, very well acted, with phenomenal writing. I can't praise this movie enough, it's no Godfather but for 2022 it's the best movie in years. The tenseness alone you could cut with a knife. It's almost as heavy as No Country for Old Men, and that's high praise. An excellent period piece with all the makings of a classic. Rylance and company sell this tale with ease from one line to the next. Keeps you guessing all the way through just as any good tale should. It's a damn near perfect film. Only left me wanting more. Please make an effort to see it!
9 The cutting and sewing scenes are a visual delight, even more so in their accuracy; they will make you think about the quiet obsession for perfection of Phantom Thread. On this precise framework director Graham Moore cuts a bespoke story woven around a sparse yet powerful cast, in a carefully mastered whodunnit that keeps the pressure steady on to its crescendo until the final release. The mise en scene keeps the focus on the actors' dialogues, and probably pays tribute to Hitchcock's Rope, but never resulting forced. Mark Rylance plays the tailor, pardon the cutter, with a controlled aloofness, but lets shine a twinkle of inner turmoil in his eyes and the sharpness of his wit, cutting himself loose from the situation he finds himself in. Probably one of the films I've enjoyed the most so far this year.
3 This is an ok film if you turn off your brain for a while. Since the first few interactions it's mostly an easy movie to predict and then everyone just becomes open to manipulate, almost as if they are children. It gets old fast and I was hoping for more of a thriller type movie.Towards the end of the movie it gets even worse. You can't leave because of this, oh yeah but what about this, then this. Ok you're right. The screen writer wrote it backwards, finding an ending he wanted and then had every character written to get to said ending without thinking of logic or motivation. Some dialogue is frustratingly bad.Then the mandatory twist ending is just garbage. If any of the reviewers were asked why they thought it's a 10/10 movie, most will say because it's different. It's basically a one room play nothing more.
9 The runtime of 1:45 was a breeze. When you watch a movie and the time just flies, you know you are hooked. In mere moments I was all in for this one. We need more well-crafted, well-casted, well-acted movies like this. And the twist on "shear and shear alike" ooooh, that was a deft touch, the cherry on top.
6 It's a crime drama set in 1956 in Chicago, Illinois. Everything takes place in a high-class tailor's shop.Leonard Burling (Mark Rylance) is an older English "cutter"/tailor who served in World War I and later became a tailor. He claims to have come to Chicago after World War ii because he was driven out of business on Saville Row in London by the advent of blue jeans. His receptionist is the young, attractive Mable Shaun (Zoey Deutch), in whom Leonard takes a fatherly interest.The film begins slowly as Leonard narrates the making of a suit, and he appears to be a conservative man controlled by detail and routine. We learn that Leonard's shop is used by the Boyle family of gangsters. It becomes clear that Leonard's shop is a communications drop for the Boyles who aspire to become part of "The Outfit," a network of gangsters descended from Al Capone. Richie Boyle (Dylan O'Brien) and Francis (Johnny Flynne) work for Roy Boyle (Simon Russell Beale), the "father" of the Boyle gang that is in a war with the older LaFontaine gang.The Boyles believe there is a "rat" in their midst that has made an incriminating recording on behalf of the FBI. They have just obtained a copy of the tape and hope it will clarify the " rat's identity."A significant portion of the film then follows activity at the shop over one night when Richie Boyle is injured in a battle with the LaFontaines and is brought to the shop by Francis. Many plot twists and turns ensue as Leonard begins to plant suspicions about the identity of the "rat." Things go sideways, and Leonard must also sort out additional violent dynamics when Roy Boyle appears in search of his son, Richie. We learn more details about Leonard's past in London and the apparent role Mable has in the unfolding events. An extended climax tells us even more about Leonard and ends in a couple of new beginnings, and some lives are cut short.This was a good movie for the first 90 minutes. Mark Rylance is a fine character actor who excels in this role. The rest of the ensemble cast was also good, but this is Rylance's movie. The cinematography in the confines of a tailor shop is also top-notch. Unfortunately, the last 15 minutes of the screenplay take unbelievable twists that make for a comic-book ending. But the first 3/4 of the movie was worth it.
2 What should be a fun action flick becomes literally unwatchable as the overuse of shaky cam causes even more headaches and eye rolls than a plot with holes big enough to drive an ambulance through.
3 Dumb, dumber, and even more dumber! Ambulance is one those thrill rides you watch for the thrill for the first time. Years latter or the second time you watch Ambulance and says this is so stupid. Ambulance is a mix of the movie Heat and Speed all in one. There is the Woke characters, and the brothers from different mothers theme which is shows Hollywood is dying from running out of ideas. There is a bank robbery turned into a Ambulance jack. With chases with Ambulance surgery done online by an E M T. After that a drug cartel workout with a plan of several Ambulance as an escape plan. This over top attempts tires to over come flat characters from the usual Hollywood stereotypes. Drug cartels guys, tough E M T women, the army vet black guy trying help his family, which has the same old just done over and over in so many different ways. In spite of this a thrill ride which is fun to watch for first time, Ambulance is a desperate attempt to re do another Lethal Weapon, Taken, and Die Hard type movie. So over the top it's different, but the usual flat characters mixed with little story makes this a B movie. 3 stars.
1 Michael Bay has made more rubbish films than good. The studios should stop giving him ridiculous budgets because he's just gonna spend it on smashing up as many vehicles as the budget will allow, regardless of trying to entertain the audience with anything resembling a decent film.All 3 of us hated it.1/10.
4 Lately, Jake Gyllenhaal had been tackling very high-strung excitable characters, like supervillain Mysterio in "Spider-Man: Far from Home" (2019) and the troubled 911 operator in "The Guilty" (2021). His character Danny Sharp here was really a scary, crazy guy who simply snapped as things did not go his way on this particular day, when his perfectly-laid plans miscarried and was unraveling in the worst possible way.Yahya Abdul-Mateen II turned heads as the charismatic Black Panther head Bobby Seale in "The Trial of the Chicago 7" (2020). His William Sharp is a considerably more vulnerable character -- a man driven to crime by sheer desperation. In her biggest role since her breakthrough in "Baby Driver" (2017), Eiza Gonzalez's fearless EMT Cam is quite attention-getting, especially for her "successful" surgery using her hair clip as a vascular clamp.This remake of a 2005 Danish film was one big, over-the-top, exaggerated hyperbole, a Bay trademark. To add more chaos, he made sure that the ambulance had fruits or flowers or dresses to hit and scatter around. The camera was in constant dizzying motion, coming in and out from various angles. Running at a hefty 136 minutes, the whole thing felt bloated and can actually be tiresome to watch with all the medical absurdities and manic energy it had.
1 I had a really hard time convincing myself to stay and finish this movie when I saw it. The story & plot itself is silly, which I expected based on the trailers and how paper thin the setup is but visually this was headache inducing.The basic plot of this movie is that Jake Gyllenhall & Yahya Abdul-Mateen II are brothers who go on a bank heist that goes wrong. The crew they rob the bank with gets picked off one by one by the LAPD until something goes sideways as the brothers try to make their escape. Due to an unfortunate mishap, both brothers are forced to commandeer an ambulance and make a run for it. One long car chase ensues with lots of crashes, screeching tires, bullets flying and explosions.Again, this is fine because I expected it from the trailers. Also it's a Michael Bay directed film, so I expected it to be mostly style over substance and spectacle.Unfortunately the movie is visually shot with non-stop shaky cam & drone-like aerial and swirling shots. And I mean NON-STOP. It's like Michael Bay & his cinematographer shot gunned a 6-pack of Red Bull, snorted a Ziploc full of cocaine, busted out a smartphone and turned off all visual stabilization and started shooting while running.There are almost no shots where the camera isn't swooping up or down or rotating around people or things and shaking like crazy. It made it difficult to follow the action. Even in an early scene where Jake & Yahya's characters are talking, the camera is constantly revolving around them!Perhaps if Michael Bay controlled himself & shot this movie in a way where it was easier to follow the action and the camera wasn't constantly moving, I'd like this a lot more. Nothing could be more mind numbing or boring than watching a camera shake or move all over the place for nearly 90 minutes! I get that some of things being done visually are the director's trademarks but it's dialed up to 11 and just non-stop.I wouldn't recommend paying to watch this unless you absolutely have nothing better to do. The story is too silly and visually this movie is too much of a mess to be entertaining in my humble opinion. Go watch Sonic the Hedgehog 2 or Morbius instead...
3 Don't expect anything really new (or, for the most part, exciting or accurate) from Michael Bay. This movie is no exception to that.Like his many other movies, the plot is so thin you can see daylight through it. It's mainly an excuse to wreck as many vehicle as possible and kill as many people as you can allow on film.Don't expect "character development," either. There are snippets that seem to be thrown is to give an excuse for making this movie. A wife needs an "experimental operation" that insurance won't pay for. A rookie cop is careless as his partner seeks revenge on those who injure him. An EMT was a 3rd year resident in medicine, but had to quit because she used "speed" and had to quit. That last one was especially disturbing since she completely forgot anything of human anatomy.The saddest things about this film are that Jake Gyllenhaal, a gifted actor, is reduced to playing a crazy stereotype in the last half of the movie, and Garret Dillahunt, an actor who has given a slew of amazing television performances, is reduced to playing a cop who leads probably the most incompetent undercover team of the LAPD.The one actor who DOES give a decent, nuanced performance, is Yahya Abdul-Mateen II. Unfortunately, his role is the yin to Gyllenhaal's yang: the good brother who's caught up in crazy brother's insane plot to steal money (because it's there, I guess) and who accidentally shoots a police office who is carried off in the ambulance, and later gets hijacked.ZZZZzzzzzz.
3 I made it 20 minutes and turned this hunk of crap off. This director needs to go away and retire. His movies have been garbage since like 2000. Do yourself a favor and skip this.
1 Once you get through the entry setup it quickly jumps right into the bank heist. The are portrayed as clueless, yet the Boss Jake has loads of expensive toys from his successful robbing career.The robbery is super simple, and it's over in 10 mins. The rest of the movie, the remaining 2 hours, is the chase. Each bag has 8Mil in 100s, which weighs 176 pounds. Both actors carry them around like they are empty. The constant erratic unstable camera work will give you a head ache, needless and annoying.Tons of character issues. The female paramedic fleeing the ambulance with a person in critical condition. Armed gunman refuse to leave an ambulance and stays in an emergency vehicle. Lead investigator is gay and in marriage counseling at the time he gets a call. Lead cop calls off a 15 car police chase cause his dog is in one of the cars?? Wtf. Jake is making calls and arguing about party favors.And of course it has to get even more outrageous. Lets try open chest surgery in the back of a moving ambulance rocking down the highway. More unnecessary shaky camera work. Phone battery dies.So the same hero EMT who flees, jumps into the line of fire to prevent the group from being shot. Just so many terrible character decisions. Two brothers get into a front seat fight while driving. Ugh. Let's spray paint an
EMT vehicle to disguise it.The entire movie is based on the fear of shooting/killing a cop, then an entire attack is designed to kill cops. Unreal. Ending is just unappealing as they come. Directed by Michael Bay, one of his worst.
1 This is the dumbest film i have ever seen. If you don't believe me, plunk down your money and see for yourself. The fascinating thing is that you stick around just to see what stupid thing happens next. The real problem is jake. He's just not the bad guy type. How many cop cars does it take to stop an ambulance? A lot more than you think.
1 I lasted for 60 minutes.This film was literally like being on a rollercoaster. I've never witnessed such horrendous filming. Impossible to follow due to constant and unrelenting sweeping and changing angles. I didn't know what was happening. I felt SO sick I had to leave.There was zero story within the first 60 minutes before I left.Vue kindly gave me a refund.Avoid at all costs.Who makes these films? There were two people in the theatre so this will bomb, as it deserves to.
4 Or how Michael Bay just needs to stop.Awful dialogue? Check!Mismatched leads? Check!Incongruous plotting? Check!Jarring lurches from the saccharine to the sadistic? Check!Tasteless and knuckle biting box checking? Check!Godawful needle drops straight from the supermarket check out bargain bin? Check!Just because you can doesn't mean you should Mr Bay. Give it up chief.Some of the camera work is set and props to the stunt performers and co-ordinators, but any movie that has Jake Gyllenhall in it, and then not only sucks this hard, but makes him come off like a Dollar Tree Nic Cage needs to go in the fire. Pure pish.
4 I was expecting a mindless action movie, but a fun one with a big smile on my face. Instead I got a slideshow with cuts every other second. I haven't been invested in the movie, didn't care about the brothers, not the paramedic, nor the police officers getting them. There was no continous or fluid action scene so we'll be able to understand or have a slight idea of what's happening on screen. We just got 10 cuts per second, so my brain was overwhelmed with non sense information.Somewhere underneath this crap, there is a good movie... Maybe.
3 I should have known what to expect with a Michael Bay film. But this was just ridiculous. So many plot holes and character decisions that just made no sense whatsoever. Example...they enter a seemingly deserted bank via an underground parking lot (that's just holding $32 million in cash on a table) and the plan is to walk out the front door onto the Main Street with bags of money on their backs, despite them already realising there is a policeman outside. This is just one example, but there are dozens.Absolutely terrible.
4 More sledgehammer level wokeness in this clunker: strong female paramedic is contrasted with her squeamish male colleague: war hero black character is lured into criminality by his sleazy white sibling; FBI agent is revealed as gay in a completely pointless and gratuitous aside; obligatory mocking remark about "whiteness" included... it goes on and on till your teeth ache. Add the ludicrously clumsy closing sequence, which seemed to go on for days, and you have a truly lame effort.Avoid.
2 I'm not a fan of Bay Movies. I liked Bad Boys, and the Rock, but it became very apparent very quickly that his directing style is one-note and formulaic; shakey-cams inside stationary vehicles, slowly undulating American flags, incomprehensible editing choices, disjointed voice bites, and shouting = comedy. Not to mention the man had never locked down a camera in his life.Now throw HD camera drones into the mix and now there's a whole new mess of terrible gimmick over-saturation.This story did not need to be told by Michael Bay, because he destroyed it. There's something there, but the film is put together so abysmally that you end up not caring about any of the characters, you just want the trainwreck to end.,
3 Just less than half an hour in I'm already filled with nausea. Don't you guys have stuntmen? The camera works is worse than someone falling down a cliff and filming. Horrible!0 star!2 star for Jake Gyllenhaal
1 star for the storythat's it. Never again Michael Bay's movie. Horrible!
6 Remake of a Danish comedy in an attempt to make an action movie where the only good thing is the performance of all its actors.The director in his terrible line of not allowing the film to breathe without any break. The camera totally crazy shaking everywhere and getting to produce serious dizziness.
7 So another Jake Gyllenhaal remake of a Scandinavian movie. This one a lot older than the phone only movie that was released last year. Therefor I couldn't remember much of the original, but it didn't actually matter ... because this is completely different from the original movie ... this is as out there as it can be. It has been turned into a Bay movie ... the premise more or less is the same. Even there have been tweaks (the brothers, the dynamic, why they do ... what they do ... where they go and so much more) ... so much that you can't really recognize the original movie anymore.This turns it up to 11 to say the least ... the action part. There is even a Heat like shootout - not as good as the one Michael Mann did, but close enough (I don't do cigars, in case you were wondering). There are many action and stunt scenes then ... but also a lot more comedy it feels like ... at least the "bad" brother seems way more relatable than I remember him being in the original. Doesn't mean he is without flaws ... and craziness ... but Jake plays him with such charisma that you can't help but root for him too.It's all fun and games then ... well until the last third of the movie. And it reminded me a bit of the switch Bad Boys 2 took ... it was such a fun movie ... and then it went ... I think ballistic is the right term to use. Anyway it got way too serious .. and same is true here. It is really a shame ... morals and cliches and all ... not sure how one was supposed to end this .. but the added elements and characters would have given some opportunities for different approaches and turns ... anyway, it is what it is ... and while I was almost going to give it an 8 (if it remained "fun" - as in the term Popcorn movie was invented just for this), but was also thinking going as low as 6 ... guess a 7 is ok, even if purists may dislike I gave it the same rating that I did the original. Be aware of what you are watching and suspend your disbelief ... or if you are not a fan of Bay do not watch this at all.
5 It felt like 3 hours. Blood looked so fake yet action shots from sky were nice. The story is like the cleaning lady said when she got in to clean when the movie's ended " they keep making and making same movies with this kinda stories, it's enough now. "
5 Ambulance is a remake of the Danish film Ambulances. This remake is directed by Armageddon and Transformers director Michael Bay.The film is about Will Sharp (Yahya Abdul-Mateen II), an ex-veteran who needs money to pay for his family's medical expenses. Because he can't get the money in time, he asks his foster brother Danny Sharp (Jake Gyllenhaal) for help. Danny is a professional criminal with a knack for being a bank robber who already has another bank heist planned and invites Will to help him out.When the robbery goes wrong, the brothers end up escaping the police by hijacking an ambulance. Inside the ambulance is nurse Cam Thompson (Eiza González) who tries to save an injured officer from death. In addition to escaping, the brothers now have to help Cam keep the cop alive, as well as not guilty of wrongful death and an even tougher sentence if caught.Michael Bay, together with aspiring screenwriter Chris Fedak, turns a more simple Danish action thriller into a larger and more exaggerated Hollywood action thriller. They also know how to transform the 80-minute Danish film into a film that lasts more than two hours.Michael Bay is known as a director of exaggerated action movies with many unnecessary and inexplicable explosions. Despite the fact that this also comes up in this film, he seems to have reduced this slightly. For this film, Michael Bay learned a new film technique by filming scenes with a drone. After seeing drone footage, Michael Bay arranged for a professional drone pilot to capture certain footage. He knows how to create special images, but because he has captured many images in this way, the special quality of these images is quickly lost. Because of these many moving images, it sometimes seems as if you are looking at shots from a wild roller coaster ride, which have been captured from all sides. This can make the films a bit less for people with a sensitive stomach to watch. Other scenes are also filmed too moving or zoomed in, so that you don't always get a clear picture of what exactly is happening.The special way of filming together with the exaggerated action overshadows the further script of the film. This makes you care less about the plot and the characters of the movie, even though they try to make you feel some sympathy for Yahya Abdul's character. Due to many mistakes his character makes during the robbery, you lose this sympathy for him. Yahya Abdul and Jake Gyllenhaal come across in this film as overly exaggerated criminals, who do not want a higher sentence and try to keep the injured officer in the ambulance alive. During their escape from the police, they also cause enough other chaos in which victims have probably also fallen. Keeping the injured officer alive also loses its importance to you as a viewer.Eiza González's character remains as the hostage victim the only one you care about as a viewer. Fortunately, she doesn't really play a victim either, as she masters the two bank robbers to keep her patient alive. Furthermore, there are too many extra criminals in the film who try to help the brothers, to get a share of the stolen loot themselves. Also, there are too many different agents who all try to take credit for the brothers themselves before they manage to cause more chaos.
8 Ambulance is a little too long and the humour doesn't always work which is typical of its director but it's still a strong return to form for Michael Bay that plays to his strengths whilst also having more emotional weight than his usual work.Yahya Abdul-Mateen II gives a great lead performance as an anchor for all the chaos. Jake Gyllenhaal is incredible, gleefully unhinged with lots of erratic energy that's ridiculously fun to watch. Eiza Gonzalez is also great, with a fully realized character and very satisfying emotional journey.Michael Bay's direction is fantastic, full of the required energy with plenty of visceral action sequences and impressive drone work by Alex Vanover. The music by Lorne Balfe is really good, ridiculously bombastic and epic which works perfectly for a Michael Bay film.
6 Michael Bay is a great action director but he's no story teller.Stereotypical gunho cops who are outwitted by 2 criminals driving a heavy ambulance carrying 4 people ,even though they drive souped up Ford Mustangs.Good start but it goes on way too long.Also the camerawork made me go dizzy.
6 From the beginning when Will randomly decides to take part in a massive bank robbery. To the end where the EMT slips a brick of cash into a baby stroller while surrounded by cops. From the start to the end, everything was way too unbelievable and over the top. Don't get me wrong! It's a fun movie and it kept me entertained, but for the most part it was total B. S.
6 At first I was like there something off.Lets divide the movie into 3 parts:-1st: The director Micheal Bay it appears he just bought a drone and he wanna use it. So many scenes with the drone he go up, down, left, right and in zig zig. To the extent my eyes hurt and I felt nauseous.2nd: he bank haist it's so messy to the extent there is no plan. Why is he drop at first down? And pick them up from the front door. Why they are going to the haist without any masks. Why they are going to haist without plan!! It was like hey brother nice to see you we were just about to make the biggest haist in history!!!3rd: the Ending Whyyyyyy... whyyy is she going the thro patient files!! Why is she visiting a patient while she is filled with blood! And the police man was like this one save me!! Don't you remember he is the one shot you at firstjake gyllenhaal acting is the only good thing in this movie.
6 Weird angles, low shots, crane shots, jib shots, drone shots, all of that is combined to form a by-the-books Michael Bay flick. I watched this film during a special premiere in Tallinn and it was way better than expected.The only reason I bought a ticket was to see Yahya Abdul-Mateen II and Jake Gyllenhal. There was really no expectation for me going in and then the LA scene started and it felt like I was watching a Bay Boys movies. I get that Bad Boys was based in Florida, but Michael Bay captured the same all-sun hot and fast vibe.There is not much in terms of a coherent plot. But who cares at this point. You chose to watch a Michael Bay movie. It doesn't make sense? Well nothing by the director has made sense since the 90s. It is all explosive fun.If you have seen enough Michael Bay movies by now you already know the dizzying circular shots are coming, same camera angles and clips are going to be repeated, but this is certainly one of Mr. Bay's watchable works.Even as you will be scratching your head why all this is happening the rapid pace just takes you. The best comp I have is Unstoppable starring Chris Pine and Denzel Washington. Not the same level of stakes or execution or suspense or great. But heart pounding nonetheless.If you like Michael Bay's work, then give this a go. Others who may come in expecting bigger and better things, maybe stay away. This is a action vehicle (literally) so just enjoy it as one no need for a thinking cap on this one.
10 It's been amazing being back in cinemas after last year, I have seen some good films, and some shockers, this though, is the first great film of the year for me.The story is somehow easier to follow than in the last adaptation, motives and actions are easier to see and follow. I felt as though the book had come to life here, even if there are a couple of changes.The acting is impressive, as is the music, the visuals however are the most incredible thing about this film, it looks awe inspiring. The battles are epic, the staging is impressive, you almost feel close to the action, I cannot praise that element highly enough.When I saw Part one, I was a little surprised, I was a little more surprised by the ending, I only hope the wait isn't too long.Pacing, considering where the film ends, it never felt slow or drawn out, I was captivated from start to finish.Truly, I was blown away, 10/10.
4 There is probably no point in warning about spoilers for this film. You've probably read the book or seen either the 1984 Dino DeLaurentis version or the 2000 Sci-Fi mini-series.... If you've seen either one of those, you've seen this movie. This movie only covers half the story, the sequel we'll probably never get to see will cover the other half.So how does it stack up? Not well, in my opinion. It's a loud, dull action movie, with an ear-splitting soundtrack. It has all the scenes you might have seen if you watched either of those two versions, but didn't do them nearly as well.At two and a half hours, it drags on. The Lynch version of the film was 137 minutes, and got the whole story in. This film leaves key aspects out, and only tells half the story, and it just goes on and on and on.To start, let's talk about characters. DeLaurentis got a cast of largely unknowns back then, many of whom went on to distinguish themselves. Kyle MacLachlin, Patrick Stewart, Dean Stockwell, Sean Young. Heck, even the little girl actress, Alicia Witt, went on to have a career as an adult. This movie uses a cast of people you've heard of, and their screen time is often based on "I know who that is." Other characters, more critical ones, were kind of shuffled to the side.I'll give two examples. A key point in the book is that the betrayal by Dr. Yeuh, (played here with no charisma by Cheng Chen) because as a Suk Physician, taking a human life is against his conditioning. No build up, no nothing, he just does it.On the other hand, because Duncan Idaho is played by Jason Momoa, he gets a lot more screen time than his presence in the book. (Duncan's clones become a much more important part of later books, but that's neither here nor there.) His final fight scene goes on interminably here, while they were quickly brushed over in the previous versions.Similarly, while Peter DeVries is a key player in the book, here they don't even mention him by name, and he's just "Henchman who gets poisoned". Other characters are omitted altogether, including Emperor Shaddam, Princess Irulan and Feyd Ruatha. Concepts such as the Mentats, Guild, Bene Geserit, are kind of glossed over to get to those sweet, sweet action sequences.The movie rises and falls on the actor who plays Paul Atreides... and again, he's actually closer to the age that the character is supposed to be at the beginning of the book, but he comes off as a little Emo.Again, trippy as it was, the 1984 version did this better. The Sci-Fi Channel did it better...
Now, this film really LOOKS good. The visuals are immersive. But without strong characters and story to back them up, what's the point? It's almost like watching a Transformers movie. The thing is, they HAD strong characters and a story... they just didn't use them.
9 Denis Villeneuve has accomplished what was considered impossible for decades, to write and direct a faithful adaptation to the fantastic 1965 sci-fi novel by Frank Herbert. And I'm here to tell you, he has done it, he has actually done it.I was introduced to the world of dune in 1992 by playing the video game DUNE released that year. The story completely captivated me, so i decided to read the book. And to this day, it's one of the best stories I've ever read. A tale absolutely grand in scale, and filled with details, making it really hard to adapt for the big screen, even today with all the technology we have at our disposal.I saw the film made by David Lynch, a few years after i read the book, and about 10 years after it was released, and i didn't enjoy it much. The 1984 film completely fails at capturing the very essence of the novel, and feels shallow and unfocused.One of the main differences with this movie and the 1984 movie, is that Villeneuve has only centered on the first half of the first novel. And with over two and a half hours runtime, he is able to concentrate more on the small details, than Lynch ever could. But on the flip side, this also means that this movie has no conclusion.From reading the book, i know what comes next, i know how this story ends. But a lot of people watching this movie, especially those who haven't read the book, can obviously feel like they were watching a prologue to something great, that never happens. This is a very risky move by both Villeneuve and the production companies, because this can only work if part 2 is released to conclude the story. It's kind of how they did it with "the lord of the rings" trilogy.But, still, without a conclusion, what a massive blast of a movie this is. I've seen it in IMAX twice already, and the grand scale of everything, the sandworms, the space ships, the ornithopters, the buildings, the sound effects, the soundtrack, the locations. It's epic in every meaning of the word. And all of this without losing track of the deep relationships between the characters. This is a movie that manages to perfectly blend massive awesomeness with true heartfelt emotions.The actors are near perfectly cast, all carrying their roles really well, although i felt some of them didn't get enough screen time.This movie does follow the book quite closely, but some things has been changed and/or left out to fit in a movie format, i must admit that during my second IMAX viewing, i felt that Villeneuve maybe should have adapted this as a mini series instead. But that would have dramatically changed the grand scale of everything, but on the other hand, he could've dived deeper into the lore. Two and a half hours to adapt half of the first novel, is cutting it real tight. And with all the stuff you are constantly being fed throughout this movie, it can become somewhat difficult to follow and understand it all.But that being said, I had really high hopes for this film, i was one of those people hyped beyond belief. I've been waiting for this movie for about 30 years. And still, most of this movie is either as i imagined it myself, or better.What Denis Villeneuve has accomplished here, is actually quite astonishing, he has actually made DUNE. It's finally here, it's gigantic, and close to everything i asked for.The only big drawback, is as i mentioned, that this movie has no conclusion, it's two and a half hours of build-up to something great, that never happens, but it's still a huge epic packed with an awesome soundtrack, solid acting, fantastic CGI and sound effects and jaw dropping locations captured with brilliant cinematography. It's most definitively made for the big screen, absolutely no doubt about that.Denis Villeneuve has once again shown us he's a force to be reckoned with, a brilliant filmmaker, and one of the best of his generation, even one of the best of all time.I give this movie a 9 out of 10. We need part 2, we need it badly. This story deserves to be concluded. But if it never comes, i will just imagine the last half of the first novel with this movie as the template.
9 It's been some time since I've read the Frank Herbert novel, and I had already forgotten much of the story. However it wasn't a problem picking things up as characters and situations presented themselves in this film, so I'd have to say that was a plus for this viewer. The scope of this picture is quite outstanding, spanning as it does a complex and fragmented universe of worlds and kingdoms. Central to the story is the valued importance placed on a spice that's a preferred hallucinogenic for some, and for the elite, an important component required for interstellar travel. In the novel I believe it was something as common as cinnamon, but on the planet Arrakis, required an intensive mining operation to reclaim it from the barren desert soil in which it's found.The entire story is veiled with a mystical sort of ambiance in which the protagonist, Paul Atreides (Timothée Chalamet), learns of his destiny while obliquely being referred to as 'The One' of legend, a person who will come into great power. Quite honestly, the setting, costuming, characterizations and palace intrigue is all quite reminiscent of 'Star Wars', even if the original novel was written over a decade before George Lucas arrived on the scene. Even the hostile environment of Arrakis has the feel of Tatooine, with the appearance of the Shai-Hulud recalling the Sarlacc, one of Jabba the Hutt's favorite pets.What surprised me with this first installment of the Dune saga was how well director Denis Villeneuve managed to condense the epic scope of a massive novel onto film, even if half of the story is yet to be told. The movie incorporates the most critical elements of the novel into a narrative that works really well. Even though I actually did enjoy the 1984 version directed by David Lynch, this one proves to be more inclusive of events in the novel, and I look forward to a successful conclusion to the saga in due time.
6 Cinematically beautiful but ultimately soulless.I thought this adaptation would be outstanding- the main flaws are the abject emptiness I felt watching it. There wasn't the world building or the touches to make the cultures come to life or the world feel truly lived in.Another major issue for me was the casting. I absolutely do not appreciate Paul Atriedes- I find his character is whinging and unconvincing as a 'prophet'. Also, we've now seen this before, done so much better in films like the Matrix.Another issue I had was that the Harkonnen family is all but absent with missing characters. I loved how campy and over the top they were with such disgusting and toe curling prescene in Lynch's movie.
1 I was hoping Dune 2021 would more rigorously stick to the Book's plot and bring alive Herbert's detailed story in a way the compressed / compromised Dune 1984 could not. Instead D2021 glosses over or completely leaves out major plot points, changes key aspects of its characters, makes up new plots when convenient, or simply repeats certain scenes from D1984 with nearly the same dialog but without the necessary context. D1984 also has significantly better acting. Zendaya's acting is so flat the EKG wouldn't register. Timothee Chalamet's acting is similarly flat and uninspiring: For his Paul Atriedes, Spice is salt and very mild pepper. D2021's truly beautiful CGI can't compensate for the fact that no one watching the film cares one iota for the fate of any of its characters. Sad.
6 I have never read the books that Frank Herbert wrote. I have friends who were big on these books and told me about them and how the original movie adaptation was lacking much content. Apparently the books are laboriously detailed and complex.Immediately I noticed there is a lot more filler in this production. Is it needed? I guess it depends on the viewer. The first production by David Lynch was abridged and rejected by many, but I enjoyed it for the efforts and the constraints put on him by the executives. He had a limited budget and had to keep the run time down. This was pre-LotR trilogies and 3 hour movies were not acceptable.The second production I have watched is the SciFi mini series which was good but forgettable. It was too complex and detailed. That casting was more than acceptable and the effort in to special effects was visually entertaining.This production is amazingly wonderful visually. I wish I would have read the books so I have something to compare the scenes to, because it might give me a better perspective to what I'm watching.Several of the scenes in the first 35 minutes are very similar to the 1984 version of Dune. The hand in the box/fear is the mind killer scene I think was very well done. The fight scene with Gurney is good, I liked the special effects but the scene felt cut short.When I saw the trailer I was put off by the casting choices, specifically Paul. However, here I am in 36 minutes and I've been pleased with the most of the cast's performances. Again, I wish I had read the books so I would have a better understanding of the descriptions of the characters.Some of them are very similar to each production, but others are complete opposites! I do not care for Jason Momoa being cast. He seems out of place. I noticed the dramatic changes in male/female of some of the characters as well, the age and the height of them. I'm not sure of the book and the description given. I did like that they used an Asian for Dr. Yueh.I've never understood the plot where Dr. Yueh turns off the shields. This seems more like deus ex machina to me because the writer needed a betrayal. I don't care for how simple the process was for this character to commit the betrayal. It should have had more of a complexity to it. Then in the reverse, the whole "buy freedom for my wife" by putting a hollow tooth with poison in the Duke's mouth so he can blow the poison on to the Barron? That's about as complex and convoluted of a plot device as you can make, but they do one then the other back to back. It is a low point in the story.The one thing that immediately disappointed me is the audio. I normally listen to my movies on a 12/100 level while using headphones. Sometimes I have to raise the volume to 18 or 20, but this production I had to raise it to 58/100 just to hear some of the voices. The voices were not brought to the forefront. When a character whispers, you don't keep their voice at a whisper. You bright it forward in the audio track so it is raised above the music or the ambient sounds. I also do not like how the volume rises and drops when transitional music is played. The audio is definitely a problem, and this is a production issue. I blame the director and the audio technicians for this.There are several scenes which I feel aren't needed. When Paul is talking to the servant who is watering the palms. I didn't feel this was necessary. It is more filler than it is to story development.As I stated, there are many scenes which are not in either of the previous productions. I think many of them added to the story which I did not understand previously. Some of them are worthwhile, others are filler which the production could have left on the cutting room floor.Overall, I think it is a good script, produced in an attempt to be true to the book. There are highs and lows. Some scenes great, other scenes meh. I question some of the casting. I think they did as good as they could do given the two different productions before it, but failed to find a middle ground.
3 November 2021 Snail's paced bore. I couldn't understand half of what was said (not that it mattered). I was hoping the big worms would take over since they were more interesting than the lousy actors.
6 It physically pains me to leave a negative review for "Dune" and to give the film that I've been eagerly waiting to see for 2 years such a low score. Note: this was my subjective experience and I'm about to give my personal opinion on the film; I should mention that I am the only person I know who did not love it (although not many people have seen it yet). In any case, I suggest you still go see it in a theater by yourself and form your own opinion about it.A little intro for those of you who hear the word "Dune" in the context of a movie for the first time. "Dune" is a 60s science-fiction novel taking place in the time of advanced space travel. The family of young Paul (Timothy Chalamet) is burdened with protecting the planet Arrakis, a home to the most valuable resource in the galaxy: "spice". With it's hostile native people, giant sandworms and interstellar wars, "Dune" is described by some as "Star Wars for adults". This best-selling epic (which I haven't read) was not very successfully adapted to screen by David Lynch in 1984, but this 2021 film here was supposed to be The Adaptation that will please each and every fan and revive the epic story for the newer generations. The director Dennis Villeneuve has proven himself a master of filmmaking over the last 10 years (Blade Runner 2049; Arrival; Prisoners; Sicario). He seemed like the perfect man for the job, considering he did the impossible and made a sequel for a classic movie "Blade Runner" that turned out better than the original. As I saw it, "Dune" was supposed to be the biggest, the most exciting and the most expensive film of the year (just look at the cast), and the last time I've been that excited to see a film was probably Infinity War 3 years ago. I went for the best possible cinematic experience - IMAX 3D; and bought the tickets for the first release date in my country. Three hours later, I walked out of the theater in a bad mood. As they say: "my disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined". And, after pondering on it for two days, it isn't at all because I set my expectations too high.There is this little thing called "dramatic structure": how any dramatic work such as a book or a film are or should be built. There are obviously deviations and different versions of it (things like Memento and Pulp Fiction still exist), but probably the most commonsensical, useful and widely-used one is called the "Freytag's pyramid" and consists of five parts: exposition (introduction to the characters and setting), rising action, climax, falling action and resolution. They give you this structure in school as an essay-writing guide. "Dune" is a 2h 35min exposition. There is no plot. They forgot the story. The movie is finished before any kind of rising action begins. After waiting for two years and three hours, you get a National Geographic documentary "Life of Paul: Struggles on Arrakis". I admit that I had no idea Villeneuve had planned that Dune would be a two-part movie from the very beginning, but I also can't be blamed because it was not at all clear from it's marketing; judging by the fact that the whole audience looked around in confusion after the abrupt non-ending - I wasn't the only one. That really doesn't matter though, I did not come to the cinema to watch a three hour introduction to something that may never even be made - Villeneuve never got a contract for a sequel yet, it will only be made if this piece of work makes enough money. How can you make a film without a cohesive story that relies entirely on it's continuation without ever being absolutely sure that this continuation is in the making? Why would you ever face those odds and why not make at least something of importance happen in part one, so it can be viewed and enjoyed as a standalone picture?It doesn't stop there. Perhaps this is more of a criticism of the source material, but Dune is like a made-up history book with all-too real actors, politics and little details. It's like "The Martian" with it's extreme scientific accuracy, but here the author thinks up a world and maximizes realism, thinking through all the little details about how this world functions: trade, spice harvesting, religion, wars... Usually it's amazing that authors pay so much attention to details, but in this case it doesn't work. It feels like you're watching a drama-documentary about some ancient (despite it being set in the future) civilization with every meticulous little detail built in. Like, really? You had a whole universe of creativity at the palm of your hand, an ocean of unlimited potential, and you chose to simply dress "Earth geopolitics" in a science-fiction disguise? I felt like setting these artificial intellectual boundaries by tying the story tightly to real-life problems and patterns seriously hindered Dune's creative potential. My point is - I did not come to the movies to watch the news.The annoying thing is how contrarily perfect the cinematic and visual aspects of the film are - Greig Fraser's cinematography, strongly reminiscent of the work of Roger Deakins, does not get any better than this. The unimaginable scale of the film is truly Nolan big, and the IMAX sound makes you feel the sand brushing against your cheeks. You can almost feel a slight, subtle scent of peaches emanating from the main character. Also, despite the limited room to play around in, the acting is simply top notch, an admirable ensemble with every single actor in their perfect place. However, when it comes to the soundtrack by my beloved Hans Zimmer, it felt pretty plain - cool at times, but very far from remarkable in comparison to anything of his previous works, from Interstellar, Inception and Gladiator to Lion King. But all these positive elements could not have ever made up for the biggest failure of them all - the simple lack of story. I watched the movie with my girlfriend and my cousin. They both loved it and I asked them to explain to me in 2-3 sentences what the movie was about. They couldn't. And neither could I, because it isn't about anything. It's a three hour introduction to a film that may never come to exist.Honestly, the trailer was more exciting than the film itself.
2 I'll admit, I saw this movie for free, but only that fact keeps me from giving this movie one star. Where do I begin? Well, let's start with something that is ever present in this film, the most ponderous and headache inducing score in the last ten years. Overloaded with deep base, it wears on the viewer like a necktie pulled too tight. As is so common today, if your ears are more than forty years old, the dialog is so muffled by the soundtrack and special effects that you'd better have a good idea of what the story is about. Having seen the, in my opinion, superior 1984 film, I could easily follow the plot.What is disappointing is the real lack of surprise or originality added to the film. It may be a more faithful telling of Frank Herbert's story, but that doesn't make it more enjoyable. The characters are dull and cartoonish. The rendition of The Baron Harkonen is nothing but a carnival fat man. I could go to Texas and see the same thing at any all you can eat buffet. The 1984 Barron was magnificently evil, and disgusting. A truly memorable performance. The new film shows no dramatic creativity. No nuance. We don't even get to see the Space Navigators at all. While we're at it, let's talk about the Paul Attrades character. The first thing that comes to mind is the title character in the movie Edward Sissorhands. His makeup, facial expressions (of which an upturned right lip seems to be his maximum effort) are just boring. I did enjoy the performance of the actress who played the shaddat mapes. She was the most interesting of all. All the other characters in this film, just look like dusty unimaginative and uninspired bit players. This film is just a bathing suit full of sand.
1 Which is no high praise for that version, but I'd watch it 10 times over this poor excuse for a Dune film (or any film). Don't believe the 10* shill reviews here (per usual, why doesn't IMDB do something about this; it's a huge problem), this is a real $165mil clunker. Yet another film in the current tradition of pure hype, throw money, have blockbuster, that Hollywood has become. This is such a disappointment. As someone who has read the books several times and a huge fan, uuuughhhh. It's really slow, been done before, and no real ending. I presume there will be sequels? I can see a lot of movie goers will be upset, esp after sitting through a terrible film, then no ending. And it's not always faithful to the books, in ways which don't add anything or move the film forward. And no Feyd!For faithful fans, the gold standard is the 2000-2003 Sy-Fy miniseries, which covers the 3 books. The effects are done on a TV budget, but the worms, palaces, and other sets are top notch. It is very faithful to the books while being well paced and absorbing. I own this set and have watched it many times over the years. With William Hurt, Susan Sarandon, Saskia Reeves, Ian McNeice, and Alec Newman, it's a top notch cast and the acting is great. Wonderful character creation by all involved.Conversely, the acting in this one is terrible and for some reason, a lot of yelling is involved. Timothée Chalamet is a very lackluster Paul Atreides and gives his usual childish performance. Oscar Isaac is not even effective as Duke Leto, and if Isaac is not good, then there are very deep problems with this film. Rebecca Ferguson rounds out the film as Lady Jessica, but she, too, is just so lackluster. These 3 have the bulk of the film, so the advertised actors are pretty much cameos, as the bait and switch by the studio.The effects and sets are unimaginative and have nothing new to show. The ships are ho-hum and don't seem like what Herbert described, and I never really saw the worm (will take a lot to beat the worms in 1984 and 2000 versions). I did fall asleep towards the end, so maybe I didn't catch the full worm. Even the Freemen blue eyes are terrible, for which there is no excuse. They use some horrible gray digital grading that just sucks the little life that there is out of this college project (and not even good for that). The desert is NOT gray! Plus the outdoor scene of the Atreides green home planet is not green.I can't believe that in 2021 they couldn't do a better job for a whopping budget of $165mil? This is a travesty of gigantic proportion! I doubt they will recover the budget and don't deserve to. Just no excuse. You have been warned. At least stay home and watch it on HBO, if you subscribe, rather than risk going to the theater and spending so much. Trust me, it's not worth it. This is the worst film of 2021 I have seen. Didn't help that I watched the gorgeous Foundation premiere right before...
3 I'm amazed at the amount of praise this film has received but it seems like many of those who are praising it loved other "questionable" films such as the star wars sequel trilogy, candyman remake, jungle cruise, and the countless disney live action remakes. There are some good things about the film but it tries too hard to be taken seriously and ends too abruptly all to "set up" a sequel.There was some great actor choices but others were down right horrible, like Zendaya who is supposedly going to headline the sequel!As a fan of DUNE and have never enjoyed anything other than the written material, I was really let down by this newest attempt.
6 Although the film is called 'Dune', the opening title refers to it as 'Dune Part One'. I knew, when I saw this, it probably should have been better to wait for Part Two before watching it. As a result some characters felt underdeveloped, and some simply vanished halfway through the movie. They also kept talking about Paul Atreides (Timothee Chalamet) being 'The One', but the one for what? This somehow reminded me of Neo from 'The Matrix', also being 'The One'.Regardless, 'Dune' is a spectacle of note. From the stunning visuals, state of the art CGI, production design, and cinematography, to good performances from a stellar cast and a great score, this is one amazing movie. Sure, the film won't satisfy everyone's palate, and if you're not a sci-fi/fantasy fan, 'Dune' will not appeal to you. However, one can't help but be impressed by what they've accomplished.Ok, now, you can crucify me if you want, but for me there were some issues with the film. With the movie being so long, I later found myself thinking there's a hell of a lot going on, with very little happening. Maybe this is because this is not a completed movie (being Part One), but I didn't always understand the character motives, and I still don't really understand what Paul's real mission is. Spice is the most valuable substance in the universe, and I understand Paul follows in his Father's footsteps to preserve the spice production, but he is always on the move and I don't follow whereto. It sometimes also felt like they were holding back on the action sequences. Some of the action scenes ended so abruptly...Also, large parts of the movie reminded me of other films, like 'Tremors', 'The Chronicles of Riddick', and 'Star Wars'. Then a number of credibility issues. The film is set in 10191, but there were medieval elements here as well. Will they still be using scrolls so far into the future to read messages from? Will they still read books? Will they address leaders as "My Lord"? This, and their costumes, felt very dated.If the film was about 30 minutes shorter, it would have been much better paced, with all the unnecessary scenes on the cutting room floor. It was just too long to keep me entertained for the entire 155 minutes, no matter how astonishing the production values.Ok, now that I've had my rant, 'Dune' is still an incredibly well made film, and worth watching at least once.
3 If you know nothing about the books that form the Dune saga and care nothing about the man who wrote them, then you might enjoy this film.Alas, if you are a fan of Frank Herbert's work, this movie feels like a desecration of his legacy.Are the special effects good?Absolutely. They were able to use advances in technology to do things the 1984 film simply could not.While the backdrop of Dune is a bit stark, the visual aspects of this film are easily its most successful element.Unfortunately, beyond looking amazing, there is very little to recommend this movie.Is the cast good?Yes and no.They have attracted some enormously talented people to this project; however, several were clearly selected to push a certain ideology and therefore stand in complete opposition to the characters as written in the book.To be clear, they did not merely change appearances and genders, they altered the fundamental personality traits of several key individuals.Lest you think I am being too harsh, what bothered me about this film was not a lack of complete fidelity with the book upon which it was meant to be based.I recognize a to the letter translation of the Dune novels into cinematic form is simple not feasible.I do, however, expect them to respect the spirit of the source materials, which they did not.The people behind this movie obviously had an agenda and it was most definitely NOT to bring the Dune universe as Herbert created it to life.Most egregious among their abuses of Herbert's original text is that the changes they made were neither subtle, nor merely practical in nature.The deviations from the text present in this version were calculated to push certain themes that were never part of the Dune saga; consequently, they come across as ham fisted and almost profane.Personally, I also found the attempts to inject humor into this retelling of Herbert's story particularly off-putting and very poorly executed.I suspect there is a very good reason they decided to release this film internationally BEFORE they put it into American theaters.That reason being that Herbert's largest, most active fanbase is in the United States and they are not going to be comfortable with the way the makers of this film took liberties with his stories and the characters in them.My ultimate take away from Dune 2021 is that it is another case of the entertainment industry hijacking the popularity of an existing story to deliver their messages.That they waited until after Herbert's passing to use his vision to push their ideology reads as sick and supremely disrespectful.
9 Greetings from Lithuania."Dune. Part I" (2021) was amazing cinematic experience. This is a movie that demands to be seen on a big screen, no less. I haven't read a book nor seen previous version of it, therefore all things that i saw story wise were fresh for me. And i won't lie i did felt to be lost here and there, but at the end of the day the storyline was clear.The visual side of this movie was staggering. This is a 100% movie going experience. Special effects looked as real as it gets - if you enjoyed visual side of "Blade Runner 2049" you will get same here - grandiose sets, design, sound and all technical stuff - this movie at every scene looked breathtaking. Yet i wished cinematography was done by Roger Deakins, but still it was solid (but could been even better). Acting was very good by all involved - you can't ask for more from such a cast.Overall, few reasons why i did not gave it 10/10 is because it did felt like a set up of a story more then once - way more then once. Also there are some pacing issues here and there. And finally, this movie will loose ~80% of its visual side when watched at home in my opinion, this is a real movie going experience. But at the end i liked it very much and would like to see Part II - fingers crossed!
4 I wonder what percentage of people who watch this latest adaptation of Frank Herbert's Dune have actually read the book; I haven't. I found the film about as dry as the desert world on which it takes place. It looks a million dollars (it should... it cost $165million to make), with impressive production design, wonderful costumes, and top-notch special effects, but the storytelling is dull. Does serious sci-fi have to be so po-faced?Timothéeeee Chaletmaid plays 7-stone weakling Paul Atreides who gets sand kicked in his face by the Harkonnen, who launch a devastating attack after his family receive governership of the planet Arrakis, where the valuable commodity known as 'spice' is harvested. Surviving the assault, Paul and his mother avoid being killed by Harkonnen soldiers and eaten by giant sand-worms, and ultimately join forces with the indigenous people, the Fremen.Not being familiar with the source material, a lot of the finer plot details went way over my head, making the whole experience even more of a chore. And this film is only half of the story: director Denis Villeneuve has split the book into two halves, and is currently working on part two now that enough profit has been made from part one. I can't say that I'm particularly excited by the prospect of spending another two and a half hours on Arrakis.4/10 for the visuals, but not exactly riveting viewing.
3 Forgoing a lengthy analysis here's a list of things I disliked. Some spoilers.1. Every character, especially the leaders lacked charisma or gravitas. No discernible chemistry. I did not respect or care about any of them especially Paul. There was no emotion between Paul and his parents. They didn't even seem to care about each other but each parent was using Paul for their own purposes. Why should I care if house Atreides falls?2. Josh Brolin and his men constantly threatening the people who got close to the duke even though those people were guests asked there to help the duke... laughable.The duke yelling at his son about taking risks right after he risked everyone to rescue the spice workers..laughable.3 poorly delivered or non existent exposition. Mostly due to flatly delivered dialogue. Add to that weirdly edited dialogue sequences with people looking at each other randomly.4 the dream sequences were annoying... random shots of mostly nothing important. The only thing important about the dreams is to establish he is glimpsing the future and evolving into something else... just establish it and be done with it... stop interrupting the story with it.5 the entire movie had the most depressing color pallet..even before they got to dune. It was joyless.6 multiple instances of plot points not being foreshadowed or being discarded...for example knowing Paul's mother knows how to fight hand to hand would have added tension when they met the freemen. The scene where the emperors soldiers float down to attack in the desert..The freemen rise up out of the sand to battle then... next thing you see is the soldiers coming to attack Paul...what happened to the brave freemen trying to protect them? I guess I assume they all died. Another example... you never get a sense of how valued Dr Huey is so his betrayal falls flat. They are essentially betrayed by an insignificant character. You don't even find out why until the betrayal occurs... no tension. I could go on and on about flat or failed plot points in this movie.I liked the worms and the sense of scale about how large they were you get sucked into the sand as they approach.I like Skarsgard as the Baron... all combined 2 minutes of him. Even though he was channeling Brando in Apocalypse Now... it worked.
3 Wanted something to happen. 15 minutes nothing. Half hour nothing
The end nothing.Huge snoozefest.Not sure if I watched the se movie as most.If there is a part two I won't be watching.
4 I was extremely excited when I heard this movie was being remade. Though I enjoyed the 80's version I thought with todays' movie magic it could be improved. But after seeing the trailers I had my doubts, which were well founded. I was glad I hadn't paid money to see this and waited for it to come to HBOmax. What Peter Jackson got right with the LOTR movie adaptations this movie gets all wrong. The movie is disjointed and confusing. The only reason I understood was because I read the books. I had to keep explaining the way things should have gone to my husband who was bored halfway through. To make a movie like this you have to be faithful and really understand the important things about the story, the 80's version at least understood that. I will probably do the same thing with part 2 wait till its on a streaming service. Too bad, really sad about this one.
3 I am surprised this is even categorized as being a movie. Presumably a movie has to have some kind or story or plot, which this didn't.It looks like an experiment in beautiful visuals, slow motions, and atmospheric music with more facial close-ups than LOTR 3, I was waiting to hear "my precious" at one point.Too much repetition of dream sequences and amazing long shots and great special FX, but under that, nothing, no great drama, no action, no real story of any kind.Why do movies make multiple antagonists look the bloody same? I am seeing battles going on and I have no idea who is who. Loads of different parties just sort of thrown together and fight with knives for some bizarre reason, who are mostly in suits and look like each other. What exactly is the point of the buzzy thing they turn on; it doesn't seem to actually do anything.Did I mention a space faring set of nations, use knives and hand to hand combat? I will again.The reason historically soldiers wore different colours was to avoid friendly fire. It would have been nice to know which side was which.So, you little bomb that can destroy buildings and ships, you have a portable laser that can cut through anything. Why didn't you just use those in combat to wipe people out, no, much safer to fight hand to hand with knives (got it in a 3rd time).Beautiful and technically well-made film, just like Blade Runner 2, but empty, boring, silly, and dull. Very disappointing.
3 I found it boring and mediocre. Very good music and cinematography, but the script pretty dumb and direction weak. I think it's by far the worst Villeneuve's film so far, I liked much more all of his previous films, especially Incendies and Sicario.
2 Yes, it is a grandiose movie that lasted way too long building the characters. It is 147 minutes long with no end in sight and drags on and on with great music and great scenes of landscapes made out of pure CGI. Not sure why the rating is so high, but guess this sort of movie appeals to people who want to see some Oscars in the bag, instead of entertaining the viewer and keeping the action sequences flowing. The 1984 version was so much better, and if it had the CGI that is capable now, would make this version pale by comparison. Sadly, this is what the current audiences seem to want. Dave out!
2 So disjointed and hard to follow some really bad casting choices and unappealing acting.Id rate the 80's version better than this mish mash modern trash offering of a classic novel.
1 I'm actually still in the cinema writing this review. It's been 1 hour 40 minutes and I started to read all bad reviews here on IMDB. Thank you to all those who wrote them, means I'm not alone.There won't be any spoilers here because I don't even understand what the hell is this mess that I'm watching! One thing I can say, student who wrote this lacks logic for sure - basically there is a world shortage of water yet main thing everyone wants to obtain is spice? Spicy food makes you dehydrated, duh, why you need spice if you don't have enough water.Also very loud movie, too many loud metal creaking noices.
3 Dune 2021's cinematography is largely composed of muted browns and grays, desolate landscapes and buildings, almost all night-time scenes, a really depressing environment and VERY hard to watch, making it VERY difficult to stay awake. A good argument could've been made to do this in black-and-white. The pacing is glacial, you can feel your arteries harden, your hair start to gray. It's all dialogue of political and military strategy - can you conceive of topics more boring?! Huge monolithic sandworms that swallow mining machinery - that's gotta be good for their digestion! Action? Zippo, zilch until 75 freakin' minutes in! All the character surnames are distinctly non-English, more middle-eastern/asian, but then you have Jason Momoa's character named "Duncan Idaho" like some misplaced cowboy. There is modern, even post-modern high-tech weaponry on display, yet ground battles are done with Iron Age swords, what?! Properly edited, this could've run for 60 mins instead of the interminable 150 mins. We've had to wait almost 40 years (!) for a Dune re-make and this is a VERY VERY disappointing result, and it's only part one of two or three?! And no others have even been greenlit yet, so if it even happens, part two will be like 3 yrs out!
10 Mark Wahlberg and Mel Gibson star in this unbelievable true story that will have you sobbing in tears when the lights turn on. From the opening scene to the end of the credits it's like your in the room watching them film this.Father Stu is not your ordinary faith base movie it is rated R for language throughout and to be honest this movie probably needed it. This in my opinion was probably one of Mark's better movies in years and same with Mel one of his best in years. They are great actors on their own, but every movie that they do together is a masterpiece.Like I said this is rated R so don't go in to this thinking it's a family film and I guess it is in the fact that it's a faith film, but just with tons of language. I highly recommend seeing Father Stu.
8 ."I am calling it right now Wahlberg is getting an Oscar nomination for his role as Father Stu ." For six years, Wahlberg had been so driven to tell the story of Father Stu that he self-financed the movie. He said he spent "millions and millions of dollars" to get it made.Wahlberg gained 30 pounds for his new movie "Father Stu."
To gain weight, the actor started with an initial two-week 7,000-calorie-a-day diet plan. Then during the last four weeks, he upped his intake to 11,000 calories a day."A dozen eggs, dozen pieces of bacon, two bowls of white rice, a cup of olive oil to start the morning," he said. "More eggs, a porterhouse steak. That's seven to eight meals a day of this."The weight gain was one aspect of the performance, but Wahlberg noted that he felt it was the only way to show the audience just how much Long had changed by the end of his life. "Everything about Stu was predicated on his physicality. To see him lose that but to gain the strength of a thousand men spiritually, it was unbelievable. I wanted the audience to see that and understand it," he explained.Mark Wahlberg looks unrecognizable.Based on a true story, Father Stu is an unflinchingly honest, funny and ultimately uplifting drama about a lost soul who finds his purpose in a most unexpected place. When an injury ends his amateur boxing career, Stuart Long (Mark Wahlberg) moves to L. A. dreaming of stardom. While scraping by as a supermarket clerk, he meets Carmen (Teresa Ruiz), a Catholic Sunday school teacher who seems immune to his bad-boy charm. Determined to win her over, the longtime agnostic starts going to church to impress her. But surviving a terrible motorcycle accident leaves him wondering if he can use his second chance to help others find their way, leading to the surprising realization that he is meant to be a Catholic priest. Despite a devastating health crisis and the skepticism of Church officials and his estranged parents (Mel Gibson and Jacki Weaver), Stu pursues his vocation with courage and compassion, inspiring not only those closest to him but countless others along the way.
8 Truth is stranger than fiction. I enjoyed the film but wish there had been subtitles. Sometimes some of the characters mumbled so much that even though there were extreme close ups with no distractions, many times I was unable to understand what was being said. I began to wonder if there was something wrong with my ability to follow the movie until afterward when I went in the restroom, I heard everyone in there saying the same thing. Probably some of the problem might have had to do with unfamiliar slang but most of it was the way the words were enunciated. Don't let that stop you from seeing it though. It is still worth seeing.
9 It is based on a true story over in a boxer forced to retire over in his injuries and brain damage and he wants to seek fame and fortune and is so arrogant about it.But he is likable and he hides that act over due to his alcoholic estranged father and worried mother. He also tries to win a young lady who teaches at a Catholic Sunday School as the long term atheist takes it lightly. He gets in trouble with the law and has fights.Only until a near fatal motorcycle accident makes him put his priorities straight and needs to stop living in the fast lane before it kills him as he is a cat with nine lives wasting eight of them.He wants to be a priest and that others laugh at him and that other supporting student priests do not take him seriously, He breaks his girlfriend's heart as she was expecting marriage.But as he develops ALS aka Lou Gehrig's Disease. He may not have that chance due to developing that and a lot has to do with his lifestyle. And he also tries to reconcile with his alcoholic estranged father as someone says a chip off the old block.Mark Wahlberg is great in the lead role and is growing more and more as an actor. Mel Gibson that Hollywood has seen to really forgiven as he is gruff but has low self esteem as the man's estranged father and Jacki Weaver does a great job as his worried mom, his only supporter and even friend.Based on a true story.
9 I haven't been to the theater to see a movie in years. I'm done with elitists morons in Hollywood. I saw Mark Wahlberg Mel Gibson and the word Father plus based on true story and I knew I'd pay to see this movie. I also know it won't get great reviews because Hollywood is stupid and look who they backed as President. I enjoyed this movie wAs ok with spending money to see it. I laughed and cried and I thank everyone who was involved in making this movie. The only way to fight the woke idiots is with our wallets.
14 April 2022 An absolute home run in terms of character study and storytelling. This is hard-nosed faith based done right. It's an amazing amalgam of old school grit and honest reflection. It will forever hold the record for cussing and f-bombs for this subject matter. And, that's a good thing. The entire first act is set up and not what was expected at all. Back when awards actually mattered, Mark Wahlberg would have been a serious Oscar contender for his performance in this film. He, honest to God, (literally) delivers a masterpiece performance. His weight gain alone showed his commitment to doing justice to this work. Fr. Stu was an amazing individual whose growth and gifts through suffering will forever inspire those who watch this movie with an open heart and mind. A forever immortal that I personally will never forget thanks to this film.
7 This movie is funnier than the ads will have you believe.The story is of a amateur (to put it kindly) boxer who is scrappy in life. He's told often that he can't do something or that life gives him hardship and his stubborn streak kicks in. To a lot of people, his persistence is read as silly and frustrating. To a lot of people he should be beaten to death in an alley somewhere in some small rural town he hails from. Until a fateful night which puts a lot of his life in perspective. Unfortunately, I don't feel that moment is enough to generate the turn of the cheek. But, writer/director Rosalind Ross was smart enough to show how little Stuart actually changes. He instead uses his blue-collar nastiness for good rather than evil. Funny to me, to say the least. I wish they would've played more in that world. Where people expect him to be pious and uptight but ends up being a thug in a collar. There may have been extra chuckles to be mined there, ala Harrison Ford getting ice cream on his face in "Witness."Well, the structure itself isn't anything new. And if you've seen a redemption story, you know what follows. But Mark Wahlberg does an exceptional job getting into the attitude of Stu. In a wild universe, he is Dirk Diggler grown up and trying to find salvation. Mirroring him is Mel Gibson, who plays his father who has his own moment of goodness. It's not much, but it is enough.Yes, there are a few moments that get heavy handed. That's not to say, these things didn't occur in real life. Stu is brash, and edgy and punch-drunk dumb. He goes with the theory that he doesn't know until someone tells him it's wrong, then he doubles down. His logic is that if Christ wanted him alive, it must be that he wants him to double down for him.I've no doubt that director Ross, whom is in a relationship with Mel Gibson, tapped the lighter side of the situation. In different hands, this plays as a broad parody. This was reigned in enough for it to hit where it needs to. Speaking of which...Jackie Weaver is such a blessing to watch. She embraces dialogue that would fall flat coming out of most actors' mouths and hits the right beats. Completely nails the humor beats without knowing she is funny. She is the quintessential White trash mom with a kind heart. She has a lot of darkness in her, but they do such a brilliant thing...and not make that the centralized burden to her life. She presses forward and referees two bulls. Though she is separated from her husband Mel, she harbors the right degree of resentment to a former relationship. The dynamics of their family are very clear.Any way, this is a surprisingly funny flick. I found myself laughing many times at some of the absurdity that occurs. Special shout-out to Teresa Ruiz who plays the love interest. She is warm, kind and when things go wrong, does exhibit the proper reaction and emotions. She is fantastic in this!Go check it out. I think you're going to be surprised.Stick around for a hilarious scene during credits.
10 I saw this when it came out here Friday afternoon, had a bad morning at work, decided out of no where to stop at the theater, which I've not been to in years... I really enjoyed the movie, the acting, all of it. Not to much keeps my attention these days.. Sometimes the echo in the theater kept me from hearing something right, but I am gladly/anxiously waiting for this to come out streaming somewhere, just to watch again. If it comes out on DVD, i might even buy that. Very happy I went, someone, somewhere guided me to there for a reason.
10 Really enjoyed this film. It's surprisingly funny and made me laugh out loud quite a few times. Mark Whalberg gives an amazing performance and I got choked up at several scenes. Definitely enjoyed it a lot more than I was expecting. This is how Christian movies should be made; raw, real, and in a way that everyone can relate to. Bravo!
9 A classic divide between the critics and the paying audience on this film. I found the performances by Weaver, Gibson, McDowell, and, yes, even Wahlberg to be very strong. Solid cinematography and a points some depth of dialogue. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie, shed many a tear, and renewed my faith in humanity. The movie, like the actual Father Stu, blended together humour, wisdom, and meaning.
9 An excellent true story that's got a timely message for everyone today. If you haven't seen it, put it on the TOP of your MUST SEE list. Has ALL THE FEELS, LAUGH,CRY,SCREAM OUT LOUD! 🤣Yes, I did all of these!But... Not really a kids movie, Rated R, F-Bombs, he led a rough life, but great medicine for healing a broken heart. It has multiple levels that will touch every single person who sees it, no matter what your life has been like. Markie Mark & Melie Mel make a great Fr/Son complex relationship portrayal!!!#FrStu #GoodFriday #Easter #Truth
P. S. Stay seated to the end of credits or you'll miss a funny Easter Egg!(bonus chuckle & my favorite part of going to movies- I love surprises!😉😜)
10 I guess a lot of the movie critics were left a little bit cold by the film yet myself and the audience I was in had quite a different reaction. Most recent films I have watched seem to unspool with mostly indifference and forgettablity but this film evoked quite a bit of real heartfelt emotion and feeling that lasted long after walking out of the theatre. The difference here compared to other faith based films where the acting and direction is wooden and stilted with heavy handed didactic writing, this film seems grounded and utterly believable which gives it emotional heft and verisimilitude. Jacki Weaver and Mel Gibson are perfectly cast as the parents. It was quite refreshing to see working class people shown in a film without mockery,condescension or derision for a change. The one critique I have of the film is about the sound and the actors mumbling their lines where I think I missed maybe 30% of the dialogue. I was relieved when Malcolm McDowell showed up with his perfectly clipped British elocution.Mark Wahlberg usually only plays a version of himself in most films and here he is perfectly typecast in the early portrayal of the charismatic wastrel and jailbird failure that is a disappointment to his family Then he literally has a transformation with a Road to Tarsus incident becoming a new man that no one believes in or take seriously. Wahlberg here really lifts his game and showed me layers that I didn't think he was capable of in showing us the change in his character making him empathetic and moving. This film very much reminded me of the film from Poland called Corpus Christi where an exconvict on parole impersonates a priest in a small town. Where the young man learns he has gifts he didn't know he possessed and townspeople some forgiveness they had forgotten to give. Father Stu is an excellent film about how it is never too late for redemption, transformation and forgiveness. I would show this in a double bill with Martin Sheen's The Walk about a group of modern pilgrims doing the pilgrimage of the Camino de Santiago.
10 This was an amazing film. It was extremely inspiring, and very moving. The theatre was packed, and I heard many people crying. With a runtime of 2 hours and 4 minutes, some people might find it a little long. However, it was well worth it. The second half of the film really moved along nicely, and there were some funny scenes along the way. I really liked when Father Stu, Mark Wahlberg, went to speak to the prisoners. It was funny, and it showed how he had an excellent gift of connecting to people in a very simple way!
6 Greetings again from the darkness. Well, if you are going to make a movie about redemption and bettering one's self, who better to cast than Mark Wahlberg and Mel Gibson? Both men are stars who on multiple occasions have needed redeeming. Writer-director Rosalind Ross' first feature film is based on the true story of Stuart Long, and Mr. Wahlberg was so committed to the project that he funded production when others chose not to.OK, so maybe it's a bit of a stretch having Mr. Wahlberg play the guy who becomes a priest, but that's why they call it, "the magic of Hollywood." Stuart Long was a real person and his story is compelling and worth sharing. Wahlberg so believed this that he self-funded the production, and clearly gave his all in the performance. My advice to anyone watching the movie is to stay seated. Things move extremely fast ... and it's that expeditious approach to storytelling that gives this a bit of a movie-of-the-week feel. Here's what I mean by fast: We see Stu (Wahlberg) as a boxer. His parents are long-divorced, and after an injury, Stu decides to head to California to be an actor. He falls in love with a girl who convinces him to get baptized, and the experience inspires him to become a Catholic priest. Severe health issues ensue, yet he persists. That's a whole lot to cover in two hours, and it explains why each piece skims only the surface and feels rushed ... and this is only a partial list!The pedigree here is beyond question. Wahlberg has twice been Oscar nominated. Two-time Oscar winner Mel Gibson plays his father, while 2-time Oscar nominee Jacki Weaver is Stu's mother. Screen legend Malcolm McDowell plays the local monsignor who finds himself in a pickle, and the always-great Colleen Camp has a brief appearance as a seen-it-all motel clerk. Teresa Ruiz is terrific as Carmen, Stu's reluctant love interest who first think she understands him, then learns she doesn't, and then ultimately respects what he's made of himself.Catholicism plays a big role here, and there is plenty of guilt to go around. Wahlberg leans heavily into his charm to help us relate to Stu, but he and Gibson both have cringe-inducing moments for those familiar with some of their off-screen activities. Gibson's 'Hitler' crack seems to walk an especially fine line. On the other hand, Gibson delivers a couple of memorable lines: one early on when he's watching young Stu dance, and another later on when the two are re-connecting as grown men. Filmmaker Ross includes some actual Stuart Long audio recordings, photographs, and video over the closing credits.Opens in theaters April 13, 2022.
10 Jesus continually spoke about how God is seeking the conversion of sinners. Fr. Stu is proof that it is never too late, redemption and forgiveness is available to everyone.It was a great movie- keeping the audience involved in the laughs and sadness.
10 The underlying story is one of a family who lost a child before the timeline of this movie...this destroys the family as it existed and starts Stu, dad, and mom down an irreversible course.Hollywood critics will surely balk at reviewing it at an accurate level since it deals with the truth of Hollywood sleaze and perversion.It doesn't shine a completely positive light on the Catholic Church but Hollywood doesn't really want anything remotely positive about the Church on the big screen...especially from A listers...
7 An incredible directing /editing job by Rosalind Rossi's as her first directorial debut. Mark Wahlberg as Father Stuart "Stu" Long, Jacki Weaver as Kathleen Long, Mel Gibson as Bill Long, and especially Teresa Ruiz as Carmen with Malcolm McDowell adding great weight to the production. I was especially impressed by the editing sequence during the injury to Mark Wahlberg. I was not enjoying the rude and foul behavior by his character at the beginning but by the conclusion of the film I was extremely impressed and glad that I sat through the entire movie without stop.
8 I was hopeful when we went to see Father Stu last night...but I was not prepared for the depth of its various messages.Yes, there is lots of swearing (thus the R rating)...but that is who the guy actually was.Yes, it's very Catholic...because the guy became a Catholic and Wahlberg is a committed Catholic.But, despite those things...Father Stu had a few of the most simple yet profound Gospel explanations that I have seen in a film, Christian or otherwise.Additionally, the redemptive power of the Spirit is on full display as is the difficult subject of suffering vs. God's will and providence.I see every movie through a well developed Biblical worldview and process accordingly. Father Stu deeply touched my heart and Spirit, brought tears to my eyes several times, and left me almost speechless.I chose to Glorify God through the experience. I believe that is what Wahlberg has done to the best of his ability and understanding. I hope you will do the same.
10 Loved this movie which is based on a true story. I thought it would be good from the trailers I watched, but I was blown away. So thankful to Mark Wahlberg for bringing Father Stu's story to the big screen. I can't recommend this movie enough.
10 Went to see Father Stu and it was beautiful!! Everyone weeping... Not me of course"😭 42% tomato score and 98% audience? Y'all need to be better educated in American culture. If a movie makes you cry or feel is an excellent movie 🍿
5 5.8/10The story itself was pretty inspirational with the whole fighting for what you believe in and going for something that you set your heart to, but the depiction falls short. Further, the religious aspect isn't overly pushy and works well as intended, but I can tell this film won't be everyone's cup of tea, like Stu's father in the movie.Mark Wahlberg is only convincing to a certain extent, but he didn't seem to fit the role all too well. Certain aspects came out stronger than others such as when he reaches a point of desperation, but he fails to capture the cockiness that he's shown in previous films.The cinematography is pretty good and captures the visuals essence quite well. The score was enjoyable too and made some points throughout more emotional. However, it took too long to get to the emotional points and caused me to lose interest very quickly.Overall, the film won't be to everyone's taste. It's a great story with a great moral, but the film depiction falls short to capture that essence. Marky Mark doesn't fit the role all to well, but he does have his moments.Thank you for taking the time to read my review. I hope it helps you make a decision on the film. Until next time.... Enjoy the show!
10 Mark was OUTSTANDING! Everyone sat in the theater after the movie ended. He could have used prosthetics for the weight gain but instead he did it the hard way. True Mark Wahlberg fashion.Absolutely loved it! Mark deserves an Academy Award for this movie.
10 Isn't a Marvel fake story but an amazing real story movie. Was amazing seeing this with friends and family. The part where he tried to change was so deep.
10 A top-tier film for me, a tale of many multitudes. It's a story that deviates from the typical Hollywood genre, I think everyone can relate to this film!
10 I went and watched this film with my family today after our regular Easter festivities. There was something about this film that made me laugh like crazy, cry, reflect, hope and pray all at once it seemed. I absolutely loved how relatable the characters are and love Stu-who says so many things that we all think. After being raised Catholic-I found it struck several chords and made me long for the strength and faith that Father Stu possessed. I am sure that this film affects a lot of people differently but this was just what My heart needed today to reignite my hunger for the Lord after seeing somebody fight so hard to do his work. I always love seeing that it meant to such to Mark he did everything he could to make it happen. I'm Seeing some similarities. Well done. 💜
4 I'd really love to tell you about the plot. I really would! But I would struggle to pull all the multitude of strands together from J.K. Rowling's story and coherently explain them to anyone. If Rowling had put ten thousand monkeys (not a million - it's no bloody Shakespeare) into a room with typewriters and locked the door I wouldn't be surprised.Let me try at a high level..... The arch-criminal wizard Grindelwald (Johnny Depp) is being tortured in 'Trump Tower', but manages to escape and flees to Paris in pursuit of a mysterious circus performer called Credence (Ezra Miller) and his bewitched companion Nagini (nudge, nudge, wink, wink) played fetchingly by Claudia Kim. Someone needs to stop him, and all eyes are on Albus Dumbledore (Jude Law). But he is unable to do so, since he and Grindelwald are "closer than brothers" (nudge, nudge, wink, wink). So a reluctant and UK-grounded Newt Scamander (Eddie Redmayne) is smuggled into the danger zone... which suits him just fine since his love Tina (Katherine Waterston) is working for the ministry there, and the couple are currently estranged due to a (topical) bout of 'Fake News'.Throw in a potential love triangle between Newt, his brother Theseus (Callum Turner) and old Hogwart's schoolmate Leta Lestrange (Zoë Kravitz) and about a half dozen other sub-plots and you have... well... a complete muggle - - sorry - - muddle.Above all, I really can't explain the crux of the plot. A venerable diarrhoea of exposition in a crypt, during an inexplicably quiet fifteen minutes (given 'im-who-can-be-named is next door with about a thousand other people!) left me completely bewildered. A bizarre event at sea (no spoilers) would seem to make absolutely NO SENSE when considered with another reveal at the end of the film. I thought I must have clearly missed something... or I'd just not been intelligent enough to process the information.... or.... it was actually completely bonkers! Actually, I think it's the latter: in desperation I went on a fan site that tried to explain the plot. While it was explained there, the explanation aligned with what I thought had happened: but it made no mention of the ridiculousness of the random coincidence involved!The film's a mess. Which is a shame since everyone involved tries really hard. Depp oozes evil very effectively (he proves that nicely on arriving in Paris, and doubles-down about 5 minutes later: #veryverydark). Redmayne replays his Newt-act effectively but once again (and I see I made the same comments in my "Fantastic Beasts" review) his character mumbles again so much that many of his lines are unintelligible.I also complained last time that the excellent actress Katherine Waterston was criminally underused as the tentative love interest Tina. this trend unfortunately continues unabated in this film.... you'll struggle afterwards to write down what she actually did in this film.Jacob (Dan Fogler) and Queenie (Alison Sudol, looking for all the world in some scenes like Rachel Weisz) reprise their roles in a sub-plot that goes nowhere in particular.Of the newcomers, Jude Law as Dumbledore is a class-act but has very little screen time: hopefully he will get more to do next time around. Zoë Kravitz impresses as Leta.As you would expect from a David Yates / David Heyman Potter collaboration, the product design, costume design and special effects are all excellent. Some scenes are truly impressive - an 'explosion' in a Parisian garret is particularly spectacular. But special effects alone do not a great film make. Many reviews I've seen complain that this was a 'filler' film... a set-up film for the rest of the series. And I can understand that view. If you analyse the film overall, virtually NOTHING of importance actually happens: it's like the "Order of the Phoenix" of the prequels.I dragged myself along to see this one because "I thought I should". The third in the series will really need to sparkle to make me want to see it. If J.K. Rowling were to take me advice (she won't - she NEVER returns my calls!) then she would sculpt the story-arc but leave the screenwriting to someone better. The blame for this one, I'm afraid, lies at Rowling's door alone.
5 December 2018 The visuals are great, but there is no story. The film is just a collage of scenes with strange creatures appearing for no reason at all. The vast number of characters don't help to make the plot any easier to decipher. The only scenes that I enjoyed are the ones in Hogwarts. That's because at least I know what they are about.
1 This is probably my least favourite movie of the year. There are way too many characters with way too many subplots going on all at once, the villain was horribly miscast, everything was confusing and didn't make sense, the story was unfocused and pointless, there was way too much pointless fanservice, everything looked grey, it was BORING, and the whole thing only exists to set up sequels! So, yeah, this one's pretty bad. It's a new low for Warner Brothers and this franchise, and....hold on, wait a minute, there must be a mistake. I'm listing off all the reasons that I hated Batman v Superman, not Fantastic Beasts 2. Oh? They both have the exact same problems? Okay then! Screw this movie! I sure as hell am not seeing the next one until it comes out on demand! They have officially lost my interest!
3 A totally dysfunctional and unrelated cast, an incomprehensible story and tons and tons of computer graphics. The result is a confusing and totally boring movie. A waste of money.
4 The one thing this movie successfully does, is cast an obliviate on you. I literally just watched it, and I don't even remember what it's about. The magical element of this film is simply having so much happen, while simultaneously, nothing really happens.There's a little bit of nostalgia, with Easter eggs and great visuals; the actors are great- Johnny Depp has the most menacing introduction I've seen; Jude Law convinced me that he is young Dumbledore; the music is spectacular. But none of that can hide the truth of the fact that this movie is just BORING.There is literally so much plot thrown at you non-stop. The movie expects you to care about, invest in and remember so many characters, that at some point, you mentally clock out. I'm an intense potterhead, and I love learning more l about the wizarding world. But this is just too much information, being force-fed in very little time. I've enjoyed every single Harry Potter film so far... but I just can't stomach this story.Remember at the end of the first Fantastic Beasts movie, when you enjoyed watching it,but you hesitated to gravitate towards it. You had a small shred of doubt if it was a one time thing,or does this genuinely have the potential to be something incredible. There's no longer a doubt.
6 In 1927 New York City, evil wizard Grindelwald (Johnny Depp) escapes a prison transport and heads to Paris with his supporters. In London, Newt Scamander (Eddie Redmayne) refuses British Ministry of Magic's command to hunt Grindelwald. It's revealed that it was Albus Dumbledore (Jude Law) who sent Newt to NYC and this time he sends him to Paris. Newt is joined by Jacob Kowalski (Dan Fogler). Tina Goldstein (Katherine Waterston) is already there searching for lost pure-blood wizard Credence Barebone (Ezra Miller) along with everyone else. Her sister Queenie (Alison Sudol) falls under the persuasion of Grindelwald.This has plenty of wizarding whiz bangs. It has too much twisting back-bending back stories. Some of the characters are acting in strange ways. This is overloaded. J. K. Rowling should consider not writing for the novel but concentrate on writing for the movie. There is too much of everything. I don't understand Queenie's dark turn. I hoped that she was playing along but that seems extremely unlikely. For some reason, Tina has turned a lot colder. I didn't understand the significance of Credence at the start which makes his reveal less compelling. This movie follows a dozen main characters which is about six too many. For Potter fans, this is a must but this prequel franchise is not a necessity for casual fans.
5 Watching this gives you the sense that nobody really knew where to go after the first film ended... and it shows. Beautiful film with a great cast, but an ultimately pointless story that sort of flops around like a dead fish not quite aware yet that its dead. This film is disappointing and forgettable.
4 Almost impossible to keep up with what was going on! Just jumped from one thing to the next with no development, such a shame
7 Am something of a fan of Harry Potter, books and films. Having grown up with the franchise and cherishing the fond memories being engrossed in the books, the midnight shopping trips to get the latest one and watching the films in the cinema being entertained, dazzled and at times even scared. Found myself really enjoying the first 'Fantastic Beasts' film, though not all my friends and family did for understandable reasons.Had high hopes for 'Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald'. It became one of my most anticipated films of the year after being captivated by the trailer. Although the critical reception was mixed, the high hopes were not shattered because word of mouth from friends, whose opinions this reviewer always trusts, was positive and am someone aiming to see all the film for franchise completest sake. My thoughts after watching 'Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald' were mostly positive though with a few fairly serious misgivings.'Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald' is a sequel that is bigger in spectacle, darker in content and bolder in its basic story. Yet, compared to some sequels that have earned that distinction by me, it is an example of a follow-up that fell short of being better. It wasn't for me vastly inferior and the drop in quality was not large, although visually this film looked better and preferred the cast here too the previous film had more focus and cohesion and the creatures were used better. Can totally see where critics are coming from while also seeing what those who liked it saw in it.Will get the not so good things out of the way. Do agree with those who have described 'Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald' as over-stuffed. There are too many characters and not all of them are necessary and the others given too short shrift, the inclusion of Nicolas Flamel for instance was pointless with him having literally nothing to do and felt merely there as a thrown in Harry Potter reference. It was great to see life at Hogwarts and feel nostalgic with the references, but that was also hurt by that what was shown didn't seem to fit continuity-wise.There were too many story strands too, variably explored. Making the story feel cluttered and not always focused, which affects the cohesion. The big revelation(s) in the last act, especially for what seemed to be the conclusion of the main story strand, did confuse me and needed much more breathing space for the viewer to take it all in, one is left in a whirlwind that gets bigger.Some of the pace could have been tighter, with some of the middle act meandering and not always involving. The ending came over as a bit rushed to me, well-staged but a slowing down pace-wise would have made the crucial revelations much clearer.However, 'Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald' has a lot of fantastic elements. Once again, it does look great and looks even better perhaps than the previous film. The production design is wondrous, especially once in Paris though loved the look of Hogwarts as well, and it is beautifully shot, with tighter editing and slightly more polished effects (though both were great in the previous film). Loved the little details too. The return of James Newton-Howard was a more than welcome one, with a score that is even more haunting, more whimsical, more ethereal and more rousing, one standout being in the beginning with the phantom carriage.Enjoyed enough of the script, with enough thoughtful, emotional (did feel for Credence) and amusing parts, the last one being provided by Jacob and the Niffler. Though there are parts that don't make the script here as focused as before and die-hard Harry Potter fans won't be squealing with delight as much and feeling as nostalgic over the references because the continuity fitted much more before. Although the story execution is flawed, there is charm, offbeat wit, imagination and nail-biting suspense, so the magic is there. Another improvement over the previous film is that the beginning gets to the point more and is better paced.David Yates' direction shows experience and he handles the set pieces very well. The phantom carriage escape and Ministry Library scenes really stand out, while the circus freak show part is suspenseful and intriguing. Would have loved to have seen far more of the creatures and more variety but when they do appear they are delightful and each serve purpose to the story. Again not only are they technical marvels they also have personality, the most used is the Zouwu, while the one that serves most point to the story is Pickett. My favourite will always be Niffler though. The characters are worth caring for generally and the cast are on great form. Eddie Redmayne has even more nuance and charm here and Johnny Depp's evil personified Grindelwald is vastly improved here. Ezra Miller's repression and Zoe Kravitz's empathy are moving to watch while Dan Fogler is amiable and very funny. Genius casting too is provided by Jude Law as Dumbledore, a fine example of creating enormous impression in relatively minor screen time. Katherine Waterston, while still commanding the screen beautifully, is on the underused side and Alison Sudol is not as charming.Overall, an enjoyable film with many fantastic elements. Just wanted it to be more fantastic than it turned out to be. 7/10 Bethany Cox
1 You can't blame JK Rowling for wanting to keep the 'Harry Potter' saga going, especially on film, but this sequel falls a bit flat.The first 'Fantastic Beasts' film, while not being great in any shape or form, at least told a good story, one that could have stood alone, and there were some good performances.This one however tries to do way too much - set up future instalments (do we really need 5 of these films as is anticipated??) introduce us to all the key players who may or may not be useful in these future films, while also providing enough links back to 'Harry Potter' to please the fans.In the end it does none of these convincingly, and ends up being an odd, quite dark film that doesn't live up to its billing.
2 I generally hate writing a review about a movie/tv episode that I hate. It feels like a waste of energy, especially knowing that there are plenty of people out there who genuinely enjoy this film series, but I'm just not one of them. I LOVE the Harry Potter movies and grew up with those 8 films, but I've never felt the connection to the Fantastic Beasts series that I did to Potter. It's not necessarily fair to make that comparison but alas, there's virtually nothing good about the Crimes of Grindelwald. Confusing, convoluted, and at times way too convenient for its own good, the film has nothing to grapple onto emotionally. In fact, the one decent thing about the first film (Queenie and Jacob) is entirely ruined in this film's third act. Disappointingly, the film has almost pushed aside the beasts side of the series completely, in exchange for a cliched villain with Grindelwald, who severely lacks in originality. Admittedly, I found myself lost for most of the runtime. Until they inevitably put out "Cursed Child" in 15 years, this may be it for me with this universe.2.3/10
5 The first "Fantastic Beasts" film can easily stand alone as engaging new series for the viewers who are still hungry for new material in the world author J.K. Rowling created which is the Wizarding World. And sure we were told in advance that we were going to get five more movie adaptations in the future, I was excited about seeing this spin-off from the very successful Harry Potter films that came out between 2002-2012. Sure not everyone liked "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them", I managed to find it ever so enjoyable as a welcome addition to the Wizarding World. It may sound like a cliche what I'm about to say, but "Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Griendelwald" failed to live up to the standards that the first installment measured up to. I can't remember a time when a movie like this was so muddled, watching what could gave been a simple viewing pleasure would end up so labouring.If there was a plot to this installment, I wonder where it is hiding, because this movie is so convoluted it's all over the place. I tried my hardest to follow through, but it just meanders from one scenario after another and trying to decipher it gave me a migraine. I even watched it again to see what I missed, only to end up regretting it later on as I ran out of pills. It tries to stay in the tradition of the myth behind the Harry Potter lore, but fails to stand on its own. If you're a Potter fan you will likely get a better understanding of the goings-on in the movie. But casual movie viewers will be overwhelmed.I can at times just skim through the details knowing the series pretty much by knowing what to expect and the adventures of what's to come, but in "Crimes of Grindelwald" you don't see very all that much because the sole purpose of this film is only to cash in a reminder that there are other films in this franchise to follow. It gets to the point that it could become quite tedious as scenes are rushed with no full explaining which results in everything being quite empty. Sure there is some CGI magic featured here, but it still isn't enough to carry the film in terms of plot, story or theme. Just all style and no substance.The indecisiveness in where it wants to go can be nauseating and the editing seems very absent in the long turn. Scenes are presented in little fragments and then are forgotten and only come back later again without any full explaining going on. There are way too many characters in the movie and they have no real significance to them to care about or even have something to grab our attention. In order to get the better feel of the plot, the need to introduce the characters one more time and to find a surface where the subplots intertwine. There are old characters and newer ones, unfortunately none really do much service because too many things happening and very little is coming out.Though the bad outweighs the good stuff, "Crimes of Grindelwald" can at least claim that the characters coming back was a pleasure in addition the newer ones offer some kind of hope for the future like Jude Law as a young Dumbledore. Also though not very well-rounding the wizardry effects were very impressive. It would be a scintillating run if Rowling lets us in on the wizardry in Paris. However, there are some scene set there that are put into doubt. With a little hope, we might get more of our questions fulfilled. I guess we'll have to be patient until then.In the end, it's highly questionable if this sequel will be of equal significance to what is yet to come. Right now all I can say is this second installment is an utter mess. Too many things happening and not enough story being told. This can turn off a lot of people from wanting to see this movie. If this was like a puzzle it may have the pieces, however I hope that the next installments can places them together. We can only hope for the better.
5 Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald shows that J K Rowling should not be writing screenplays although I am sure Steve Kloves who is credited as Executive Producer had a hand in the script.It is also evident that the directorial duties needs a new vision. David Yates has been too long in the Potter world.The film is a rehash of the early X-Men films. An allegory. Purebloods need to breakout and overcome the humans who are the true monsters. Grindelwald even shows them a vision of the man made future, World War 2 and the rise of Nazism. The trouble is Grindelwald has his own fascist foot soldiers.The plot consists of Grindelwald predictably escaping. Newt Scamander is sent by Albus Dumbledore to go look for him. The ministry of magic is stifling all dissent and free thinkers. In short they are driving wizards to the arms of someone like Grindelwald. Everyone is after a young man called Credence Barebone who just wants to find his mother and who he really is.The film has great spectacle but it is too long and the plot is too slim. Parts of the film is set in Hogwarts and actually makes you realise that these prequels are a cynical cash in by Warner Brothers.
4 An overly confusing film, the plot flies from one moment to another and we're introduced to characters that contribute absolutely nothing to the plot. Furthermore, a lot of the characters we were introduced to in the previous film are all muddled up. Queenie allies herself with Grindelwald; a child murdering genocidal maniac. Are we meant to be relating to her?The acting was ok but I felt it was worse than the previous film, Johnny Depp is definitely the best thing about this and I felt his character wasn't used enough, the character of Credence is the most confusing thing I've ever seen! I read up on it afterwards and his big plot reveal doesn't even make sense. The new characters weren't developed either like Nagini and Newt's brother, both rather bland.Additionally there just wasn't enough action or excitement as well, which is an unusual critique of a fantasy film, with the Harry Potter films some didn't have a huge amount of action but at least the plots were good and likewise the characters but here there's neither.4/10: Very confusing and just not exciting, a disappointment to be sure
4 Where are the fantastic beasts? What are the crimes of Grindelwald? This is not magic, it's CGI. It lost that essential taste of friendship and bond between characters within magical context of the original HP series.
6 Let me start off by saying that I am a big Harry Potter fan; I loved all 8 HP movies, and really liked the 1st installment of Newt's adventures as well.
This movie just didn't really do the trick for me. There was absolutely nothing to complain about visually; the movie was even more stunning than the first one, with even more beautifully designed 'Beasts'. And as many other people have mentioned, as a Harry Potter fan, you just can't hate this movie. Where Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them only contained a handful amount of references to the Harry Potter series, The Crimes of Grindelwald has tonnes. Enough to hype up any Harry Potter fan.The problem this movie had for me was its plot, or rather, its almost nonexisting plot. This movie just seemed to serve as background information or something for the upcoming movies in this series (for which we'll undoubtedly have to wait another 2 years or more..), more of like a setup for things to come. It introduced many new characters and revealed certain things about already known characters. But yet, some of these things just felt unnatural, as if JK Rowling just kept writing more and more to squeeze into 1 movie. This basically leads to a movie where the biggest plot is to find Credence's 'true identity' - not really much of a plot at all. Some of the reveals about characters also seemed a bit strange, but that could be just me. All in all, all this dialogue about characters made it extra confusing to know what the movie was about, in addition to it lacking much of a plot to begin with.This movie is definitely not a waste of money or anything, you could just buy a ticket for the stunning scenes and you'd be satisfied. It's just that this movie was quite a disappointment compared to many people's expectations I think, seeing as it basically is just a setup for the upcoming movies, which lacks a good plot.
3 THE CRIMES OF GRINDELWALD is the FANTASTIC BEASTS follow-up that nobody asked for, but I guess there's more money yet to be made from the wizarding world. This turns out to be of the same quality as the first film, i.e. quite dreadful, and it doesn't help that Rowling herself turned in the screenplay. It's unfocused, meandering, almost plotless at times, with way too many uninteresting characters, none of whom appeal. As usual, the emphasis is on delivering snazzy CGI effect after snazzy CGI effect, but this gives the whole thing a real detachment from reality that makes it vapid to watch. Cast-wise, Redmayne is the worst he's ever been, while Johnny Depp's stock villain feels sleazy rather than menacing. It's also one of those mid-series films that has no real beginning, middle or end, and as such feels completely pointless.
4 As both a lover of the Harry Potter Universe and a lover of movie going, I was thoroughly disappointed, even angry with this movie. While the visuals are as magical as ever, it's clear that the filmmakers are so distracted by trying to build a franchise that they're forgetting to actually tell a good story! The chemistry between our main four heroes was diluted by so many new characters being introduced. With so many new people and also so many questions for our old heroes, there wasn't enough time for any kind of (explainable) character development or for the viewers to connect with anyone on the screen. The only "character development" with one of our main heroes felt random and out of character and we aren't given much reason or warning for this change. I was also very disappointed with the writing behind Tina's character as her role was demoted from a strong willed Auror and woman to merely a side kick and love interest. Huge and important elements of the story were left for us only to assume what had happened when discussing the one year time jump between the two films (like the Jacob/Queenie relationship, Jacobs memory, etc.). As a whole, the film screamed "money hungry" and "franchise building" rather than letting us really connect with the characters. It also seemed as if they were only adding in twists that would surely get a reaction from viewers despite the fact that they not only discredited the original Harry Potter films, but just felt like unrealistic and a little too convenient! In short, as a huge fan of the Harry Potter Universe, I was disappointed, upset and felt really let down, and as a film goer, I was confused with the plot and frustrated with the lack of character connection and development! The only reason I have given a 4/10 instead of a 1 is for Eddie Redmayne's perfect execution of the shy, socially awkward but loveable and charming Newt Scamander and for the alluring performance from Jude Law's Dumbledore who leaves us wanting to know more of his history! But in the end, it was a huge disappointment as a stand-alone movie.
4 A movie this expensive and with a fan base as large as that has no right being this awful.The problem lies within the conception of this new saga. Either you tell a story of a magical zookeper with his cute baby Nifflers and quirky adventures to make children and easy to please adults go "awwww" or you tell a convoluted story about gay love, Dumbledore, Nazis and the Wizarding World War.Those should be two different things.They don't gel together at all.Why is Newt seen as a perfect candidate to look for Credence? Just so he can be in the movie again? The less said about the return of Jacob the better. Nagini is now a girl with a curse on her? And wizards pay to see her change into a snake in a circus. But Rowling already established, that changing into animals is what many wizards can do and it shouldn't be special at all. Even teachers and journalists in Harry Potter could do it. All this does is make everything more confusing. So Neville killed a Korean lady in the last movie? How awful! Way to steal his moment!It's just things like this that drag this movie down. The Titanic, Leta LeStrange, brother of Newt, Tina, Queenie (roofing Jacob to marry him, then joining the Nazis???), Grindelwald, Dumbledore, Credence (Dumbledore's brother?) .. the list goes on an on. This movie is bloated and stuffed with too many characters and plot lines I didn't care about. This is what you get when you want to please everyone.It made me smile when, at the end of the movie, all characters stand on the bridge at Hogwarts just to look at Newt having a talk with Dumbledore while being out of earshot. It's just a hilarious b-movie moment and that the director was serious about it makes it even more funny.This movie stumbles around with Newt and his fantastic beasts tied to one leg and a heap of uninteresting charactes on the other, being always where the plot needs him to. He has no business being there - similar to this movie.JK Rowling and Warner seem to think that all fans want is more lore thrown at them. But it's the characters that drew us into the world of Harry Potter.This franchise is in trouble. You can see it already by the evolution of the respective movie posters. In FANTASTIC BEASTS AND WHERE TO FIND THEM, the main characters and 20's New York are on the cover. Next up in GRINDELWALD are a boatload of characters and the Eiffel tower in the background (FANTASTIC BEASTS already very small in the logo). And for DUMBLEDORE'S SECRETS (part 3) we have Hogwarts big on the cover. It's like Warner, Rowling and the producers are so desperate as to shout "Please come back, it's about Hogwarts again!!! It's things you know!! Nostalgia!!"I think people are already more discerning today and don't have blind loyalty to a franchise that just doesn't deliver and doesn't know what it wants. It's gonna be tough if they really want to make 5 movies total of these. I can't see this gaining more fans over time.I give it 4/10 because relative to it's budget and fan base, it was just awful.By the way - what were the crimes of Grindelwald? Were that numerous that they warrant this title? I think not.
2 Truly horrendous. Easily the most disappointing film I have seen all year, on a fundamental level this film was flawed, the primary culprit bing J.k Rowling and the extreme amounts of creative dominance she must have been given in the writing process.First, I must praise certain aspects of this motion picture, although there is little to commend. The performances were for the most part a strength (Although some let the side down), most notably Jude Law as Albus Dumbledore was wonderful as the caring, charming and more complex young Dumbledore. In addition to this, I must comment that Johnny Depp was a surprisingly positive cast member, also Eddie Redmayne was alright, a little overdone on the mumbling aspect but still a pleasure to see. The rest of the cast was fairly competent with the exception of those that will be stated later on.The screenplay of this film, what can I say. I have only negatives to deliver on this aspect. I can only image that what occurred was similar to George Lucas during the Star Wars Prequels - constantly surrounded by people who would only say 'Yes' to all the decisions. Because they are the one who mad the great original series, surely they can do no wrong. Oh how history has repeated Itself.This screenplay fails on the basic fundamentals of story telling, show don't tell. Most of this picture is two hours of continuous uninteresting drear, badly written with actors struggling to convey the poor choices and dialogue delivered by Rowling. I may be mistaken but in one scene in particular, in Hogwarts, Theseus Scamander gets called a 'Weasley' - If this is memory is true, it is symbolic of the shoddiness and laziness of the screenplay and many of the the basic failures of this film.The film follows two almost entirely unconnected threads, one of Credence and the other of Scamander. Both are boring, and the juxtaposition between them is jarring and fuel for confusion. The Credence plot-line is particularly of failure, it is highly unclear and unexplained, and is just 45 minutes of useless meandering with no emotional impact or significance to the plot as a whole. I even found Ezra Miller to almost seem as of he was struggling to even portray this incredibly bland, standard and boring character. I am one who knows a fair amount about the Harry Potter universe and at first I even didn't get the Nagini reference, until she became a snake in a very unnecessary and out of the blue scene, for she has zero effect upon even Credences story, I cant remember if she spoke a single line, and was so badly delivered by her actress by the fault of Rowling's screenplay.Newt Scamander's plot-line was almost equally as uninteresting and badly executed, for in his plotline, he barely does anything. Once could have removed Tina, Jacob, Queenie, Leta Lestrange, Theseus, Yusuf and Abernathy and the plot-line would have ended in petty much exactly the same place. It is overcrowded, and it is truly a waste of acting talent. For all these performers are of a high caliber and here do nothing. All these characters were uninteresting with the exception of Queenie who had a somewhat interesting arc but was executed badly due to Rowlings screenplay, this singular arc had much more potential.This plot-line is extremely convoluted, Newt Scamander has just over an hour of screen time, despite this being his movie, he is surprisingly not in it a great deal. There is one scene in particular which evokes my mention of the lack of the basic "show don't tell" fundamental of story telling. In this scene Leta Lestrange, Yusuf and the rest of the gang excluding Queenie, they use flashbacks to explain a plot thread about one characters lineage. It is extremely convoluted, and involves the Titanic, forced exposition and some complain about forced diversity (In making one of the Lestrages Black) but I dot not say that is a valid criticism. Overall this is supposed to tie up and be an evocative emotional moment for the majority of the characters in the narrative, but as the characters had little to no initial characterisation, the convolutedness only adds to the boredom, as the audience simply does not care for what is being presented, as well as how it is just exposition bing vomited at the audience, it is flimsy, boring and at the most fundamental bad film making, and entirely undefendable.As a result, all of the new characters introduced in this feature hold no significance to the plot, nor are emotionally invested in, thus a waste of time. In addition to this, Jacob is fairly wasted in this feature, he doesn't grow as a character and simply tags along like a fish out of water that is no longer funny for the most part. Although the running salamander joke was effective, but this was his sole contribution to the film, all he does is look shocked or hold buckets.Tina Goldstein played by Katherine Waterston is absolutely wasted as both a character and an actress. Such promise laid in this films precursor and yet contributes nothing to this feature, she had no function to the story nor any emotional impact on the audience at all. A total waste of Katherine Waterston who is a great talent in other motion pictures.Gellert Grindelwald was played by Johnny Depp. And wow, what a mixed bag, one the one had he was handled well by Depp however in terms of characterisation and villainy, Rowling has really let the side down. Apart from the reasonably good opening scene, Grindelwald is unthreataning, bland and disappears for large chunks of the narrative. Fo a film which bares his name, he was hardly the focal point (Nor was Newt Scamander, thus who is the foci of this film?) Grindelwald flat out says he doesn't want to kill muggles, or hurt them, so why is he a threat? What are his crimes? All the characters simply talk about how bad he was, it is never shown apart from one cliche scene of killing a family, it hold little emotional wight or significance. Once again this flaw falls on Rowling and fundamental rule of "Show don't tell". Which I needn't divulge again. But this displays the fatal flaw of this film, how it fails on a very basic level, to deliver a crude, boring, uninteresting and convoluted product. In addition to this, Rowling includes very unsubtle Anti-Trump undertones which when delivered well can be thought provoking but in this film, are not delivered well and give an even more jarring and convoluted third act.Now in must explore the screenplay as a whole. Of the greatest holes in the consistency of this feature is its two concurrent plots. For they are strenuously linked and are left unexplained, this results in headache, confusion and boredom. Nothing is resolved by the end, since there was no real problem at the beginning either, it feels like over two hours of useless meandering just propped up by bad hints to earlier greater works and setting up a future series, and every single film ever made in which isn't focus was to set up more films has been bad. For this film has no describable plot, it's a mess. Unlike other more successful films that have set up a future, such as phase one Marvel or heck even the first Hobbit film, they had discrete narratives of their own, and characters to invest in, this film does not have those fundamentals.The plot-twists of this film are unconvincing and unimaginative and hold no weight other than that hey relate to earlier films. This a lazy trick used by Rowling and is simply bad storytelling. For due to the lack of proper character development or emotional weight, the twists hod, no impact to the audience and thus are simply cheap ploys used by Rowling to try and save the feature, which clearly didn't work on most of the audience.On a technical level, this film holds some good aspects. The sound design and visual effects are for the most part fun and vivid but are fairly standard by modern blockbuster standards. The cinematography though, oh my god, it is terrible. Extreme disorientating closeups then suddenly standard unimaginative angles. It is truly jarring. The colouration is so incredible bland, other than the blue fake dragon at the end, no other image sticks in my head as memorable or even noteworthy or fun. It is almost black and white, so grey and depressing. This doesn't feel like a family friendly fantasy film about fun silly creatures and a Magizoologist, this feels like a fascist take over. If I had children I wouldn't show them this film, its grey, boring and jarring, all things unsuitable for young children over great distances of time.As a result of the abhorrently bland cinematography and colour palette, the costume design, set design, makeup and visual effects all suffer. The image becomes flat, uninteresting, after the last film won the Academy Award (Oscar) for Costume Design, this colouration choice really does an injustice to this achievement, and to the hard work the costume designers must have gone to to trump their previous achievement. Nothing about this films image is good, its truly a mistake and must be fixed if people are to remember any future instalments, or find them fun. For this blandness works against the film, it is not stylish but instead is boring. Not like 'Schindler's List' which was in almost pure B&W which gave the film character or more recently the film 'Her' which used a lot of red hues to heighten the loving and bemused atmosphere. This film has no clear focus as to what its colouration/cinematography was seeking to achieve. For if it seeks to be dark, it belongs not in a film called 'Fantastic Beasts', the pathetic fallacy fails on a fundamental level, the semantic's do not match up. This film sis so confused in so many aspects. Even the score was completely unremarkable and completely forgettable, I cant remember a single part of it. Showing that its only function was to dictate emotion, not to heighten or compliment it as a good score does. 2/10.
1 Very big disappointment.Its just a filler for the next movies to come.Boring as hell. Not enough magic and not enough fantadtic beasts. The title should have been the rise of grindlewald.
1 After HairyPorter's series ended, JK Rowling felt she'd lost her huge stream of income, we couldn't afford it could we?So, to ensure her bank account will be as fat as possible FOREVER, as her devout and brain-dead cult followers we must donate our money however miserable and blatantly her movies beg for money.
4 If I were to describe this movie with one word , I would say it was a "Filler"
It was only after the movie that i was informed that the Fantastic Beasts "franchise" is going to be a 5 movie one . After I learned that , this movie's purpose became so clear to me .
I just watched a 2-hour movie in which the main characters had NOTHING to do with the plot AT ALL . This movie was all about Grindelwald finding Credence and convincing him to join his army so Credence would kill Dumbledore in the future .
Newt , Tina , Jacob and Quennie did nothing in this movie but couple-fighting and catching maybe 1 or 2 magical creatures.
We got to follow a story about Newt's childhood love , which led to absolutely nothing . The main characters just made it to the right place at the right time to spectate the end of the movie in which Grindelwald finds Credence , convinces him to join his army and boom , that is the movie . The only thing that Newt did is stealing the "blood-bond" between Grindelwald and Dumbledore by using the Niffler.
All in all , it was a really poor movie , the plot was shallow and it was totally a filler . It just gave us a little bit of magic but that's it . I give it a 4 only because i am a huge Harry Potter fan . This movie made me really unhappy by seeing my favorite magical world being milked for money . We don't really need 5 movies with the 2 being fillers , all we needed was 3 magical rides to the Harry Potter world . Thanks for reading this . 4/10
21 May 2019 I watched this at home on DVD from my public library. My wife started with me but left midway, she never got immersed in the story.In fact a "story" is not easy to find. The movie contains lots of "magic" and various fantasy beasts, some flying, some swimming. Grindelwald seems to be an untrustworthy magician, and a real rascal, and Johnny Depp plays him very well. It seems they want him dead but he is not easy to get rid of and the final scenes leave clues to the next installment.In my review 2 years ago of "Fantastic beasts" I wrote, "I really enjoyed the various Harry Potter movies, their stories were more clearly presented, but this movie, while mostly entertaining, is not that special." And I can say pretty much the same thing for this one. It was mostly fun to watch but not a movie that I would ever want to see again.
1 Not really sure how I can elaborate more on what other people have said, but yeah, very boring, long winded and confusing. If I hadn't watched the movie with someone who already saw it, I would have been lost. I had to keep pausing it and having them explain the plot to me. I was worried I was being a moron, but looking at other reviews, it seems I'm not the only one who was completely lost. Characters seemed to turn up out of completely nowhere, and some of the time, they're characters who have already been in previous scenes but since they weren't very well introduced or explained, I just kind of forgot they'd been in the film before. It's called "crimes of grindalwald", but he doesn't really do much of anything except walk around, all the film does is establish lore for the next movie.The reason I hated the first Fantastic Beasts was because it felt like one long trailer for the next movie. This movie just felt like a world building info dump for the third movie in what I presume will be a trilogy. I'm still waiting for the movie I went to watch 2 years ago and they keep holding it off. The characters aren't nice or lovable, or memorable, so when they turn evil or die, I simply don't care about it.The main character, whatever his name was, (just had to google it, Newt Scaramadger) is entirely unlikable and didn't really need to be in the film. Like, leave him as just a character for exclusively the first movie, and put all the content of the third movie into this one. all the grindlewald world building would only take like 15 minutes with him gone. And have grindlewald actually commit a ton of evil acts. His henchman does one or two bad things, but the man himself is legend for being a dark wizard and general menace, in this he just seems to be an extreme politician. I get the social commentary and all, but for a film called "crimes of grindalwald", i wanted to see him commit some. This film should have covered the period it skipped over. Why was grindalwald in jail? lets see him be friends with dumbledore. how did he become a dark wizard? all the stuff I'm actually interested in is skipped over, in favor of having some weird kid who turns into a floating black cloud who I don't care about be tracked down by everyone and treated like he has some important destiny that we aren't privvy to.But yeah, the plot was very messy and didn't make much sense. You shouldn't need a 300 IQ to piece together the plot of a Harry Potter film. I also felt myself questioning holes in logic in the wizarding world I never even had before, because this film didn't portray the universe very well. none of the charm of harry potter, just a bunch of special effects and a drab, predictable fantasy world that didn't make me excited one bit. Overall, will only watch the next one out of obligation, and will definitely wait until a friend or family member gets a DVD so I don't have to pay to see it.
10 A -{ Netflix }- MINI Review ; Film Seen around March 27, 2022. It is -{ Not }- very likely to be released in Cinemas.______________________________________________________Ellie { Young Adam's Mom }: "This's the third time you've been suspended for fighting".Young Adam: "I know. You'd think I'd be better at it by now!!!"______________________________________________________If you're someone who's presently in the mood to take a -Welcome- Break from all the doom and gloom on the news right now and watch a movie that comes "FULL-CIRCLE" in the most Enthralling, Engaging, and indeed -{ Heartwarming }- of ways . . . Then I wish to -Wholeheartedly- recommend "The Adam Project", ( TAP for short ), to you. The only -Other- cinematic experience I've had where a film came Full-Circle in -Such- beautiful fashion, in -Recent- memory at least, would be the simply Fabulous "SpiderMan: No Way Home" ( "SM-NWH" ). It is a picture that literally ( And -Very- Cleverly ) ties up loose ends within the -{ Entire }- Spiderman CANON of films, from as far back as 2002. It also just happens to be the -Last- Massive Blockbuster that I reviewed ; before going on an -Entirely- unplanned, ( but -Incredibly- refreshing ) 'Extended 101-day hiatus from reviewing'.Ok, so if you thought that the 13 yr. Old "Newcomer" of said film, pint-sized thespian Walker Scobell was a tremendous -Dramatic- actor, well, then you'd only be -Half- right. The fact of the mater is... he's also a terrific -COMEDIC- talent, with seriously "Impeccable" timing, especially given that this is, get this ...his -{ First Ever }- movie or TV ( 'Feature' ) appearance. Factor Walker's "Super-Fun" performance in alongside a 'full spectrum' of absolute -{ "POWERHOUSE!" }- deliveries from the film's unequivocal ensemble principal cast of Protagonists ( Zoe Saldaña, Ryan Reynolds, Mark Ruffalo, Jennifer Garner, ) . . . Then add in some absolutely -Fantastic- ( & truly state of the art ) CGI, a genuinely -Mindblowing- grand finale set piece ...and the kind of fight choreography that you really have to -See- ...to believe . . . & you have a seriously, seriously exciting picture, indeed.Not to mention FUNNY AS HELL!!! I really hadn't laughed so hard in a long time ; -since- ( about the 3rd time ) I watched SM-NWH, to be precise. On the downside, though . . . & if I'm to be 'painfully' honest . . . -Both- the Villain ( ...don't get me wrong, the person who plays the main 'baddie' is a Veteran performer ; I just felt like the Writing there could have been just that "Little Bit Stronger"... ) -And- her 'ever loyal' henchman are a 'tad weak', as is the very title of the film, itself. Even something as ( relatively ) simple as "FLASH-BACK-FORWARD", would have been -{ Far }- catchier than its existing name, ( although I do think I sorta understand -Why- they called it what they did, for what it's worth ). It's for these two reasons -Alone- that I -Didn't- give it my trademark "25/10" ; reserved especially for movies That Move Me -{ VERY }- Deeply, as TAP ( ...quite obviously... ) -Did-.Summary: This is a picture that, ( among -several- other things ), pointedly asks the question: If you could -{ Somehow }- go back in time, & talk to your Younger-Self... "WHAT'D YOU SAY?" ...and in the most -Intriguing- of ways, at that. Furthermore, having lost my Dearly Beloved Father when I was -Just- 13, in a horrible, brutal car crash, TAP resonated with me PROFOUNDLY. It has some Genuinely "TENDER" Moments, & does a -Phenomenal- job of addressing the issue of 'Estranged Father-Son Relationships' the world over, but most especially in the USA ; ( where the film is also -Set- ) ; and where the issue is quite possibly now almost at epidemic levels, what with the country's sky-high divorce rate, separation rate, & just plain old 'Absentee Father-ism', in general. All said & done, the "EVER-DYNAMIC! Duo" of Actor Ryan Reynolds & Director Shawn Levy have well & truly "Done it Again". Although this -ISN'T- a Marvel movie, It -does- star a "Handful Of Marvel's Best & Brightest" and -is- ultimately, " A ( not so ) little cinematic streaming MARVEL 🌠 ", in its 'Very Own Right'. Sadly, I'm not able to give TAP my 'Absoluuut-High-Score' ( as I explained a bit earlier ), but it -Still- earns a "Majestic, Rock Solid 13 Marks Out Of 10 Marks" from me . . . Nonetheless!!!
8 If you like Ryan Reynolds, you'll probably enjoy The Adam Project. This sci-fi action movie features his usual quick-witted schtick you've come to expect, but it also has an interesting premise, exciting action scenes, and even some real emotion. I do wish they would have toned down the profanity, but overall I found The Adam Project to be an enjoyable adventure.
7 This isn't going to win any Oscars, and it is far from a perfect time travel movie, but it was a fun ride. Kept my interest all the way through and had a good cast.
12 March 2022 Netflix has a winner sci-fi comedy with the accomplished sarcastic actor Ryan Reynolds, whose Deadpool set the standard for snarky, sardonic, quipping dialogue not this successful since early film screwball days. Adam (Reynolds) comes back from the future to face his 12-year-old self (Walker Scobell, terrific) and destroy the creation of time travel by his scientist father, Louis Reed (Mark Ruffalo):Adam: "I spent 30 years trying to get away from the me that was you. And I'll tell you what: you were the best part all along."Although this amusement is no Back to the Future, it is a swell diversion for a relaxed evening that doesn't require knowledge of physics or even sci-fi (a little Twilight Zone experience is a plus in any imaginative playing with the time-space continuum). The most enjoyable is the first act where the two Adams from different time zones engage in witty repartee grounded in their same personalities from different times in the same life:Young Adam: "Do you remember this? I mean, if this is happening to me, it already happened to you, right? Unless it works more like a multiverse. Each ripple creates an alternate timeline."
Adam: "It's not a multiverse! My God, we watched too many movies."Not only does the humor reference concepts from the Marvel universe, it also reminds us that several of the actors in The Adam Project spent time as Marvel heroes. Good fun that shows us as well how flexible sci-fi can be, especially as comic masters like Reynolds and young actors like Scobell give us enjoyable rides.As The Adam Project continues on to face off the Adams family against their arch enemies, it is less an amusing comedy and more a CGI display moving all combatants to a formulaic ending saved by the personalities of its stellar cast.Louis Reed: Sometimes it pays to be a nerd, guys.
7 I cried a little, I laughed a little, I had a good time. The storyline is well developed and while a complicated concept it's handled well. The characters are well cast and well acted. Some hokey CGI but it doesn't detract too much.
5 This film is bad. There is no way around it. And I know that there are many other films with the same amount of logic holes (and perhaps the same plot!) that are considered at least average, but those are older movies. If you clone a barely average old film now and all you have to add to it is Ryan Reynolds' jokes as an improvement, then you fail.Forget that time travel films are notoriously hard to have making sense: even in that very specific subgenre, this film is at the bottom of anything resembling reason. What you are left with are (very!) cheap video game like special effects, Reynolds' and the kid (he did a good work, BTW) spouting jokes and puns and guest star appearances from Mark Ruffalo, Jennifer Garner and Zoe Saldana (they all have like a few minutes of screen time each, just to get a paycheck). Even the "endearing" part that people talk about is mostly nostalgia for better films from 30 years ago and nothing to do with the script.Bottom line: I like Ryan Reynolds, he is fun, but all of his movies have become the same thing with different backgrounds. They don't even make the effort to make it seem like they tried. With this in mind, I doubt even Deadpool 3 will be any different, which would be a terrible shame. Films like The Adam Project are a disgrace, a show of bad faith and lack of respect to viewers. At least Reynolds should know better.
8 In 2050 pilot Adam Reed steals his time-plane. His superiors are in pursuit but he manages to evade them and escape to 2022... four years later than he planned to end up. This means there are now two Adams in 2022; injured time pilot from the future and his twelve year old self. The younger Adam is small and constantly bullied at school; he is also dealing with the recent death of his father. The older Adam must seek out his younger self as not only does his plane need his DNA signature to access it; it also needs him to be healthy. The two Adams are going to go on quite an adventure as the elder explains why they must go back to 2018 together in order to save somebody the older Adam loved and lost and possibly save the world's future... all while being pursued by an enemy from the future and her agents.I thought this was a lot of fun; it reminded me of the sci-fi I enjoyed as a youngster in the eighties. While there is a sense of danger it isn't too intense for younger viewers. There is plenty of fairly bloodless action throughout the film; this is impressively varied with dogfighting planes, fights with futuristic weapons and even a chase through the woods that was clearly inspired by 'Return of the Jedi'. As well as action there are some good laughs; mostly thanks to Adam's propensity to talk a lot... often getting him in trouble. The cast is solid; Ryan Reynolds impresses as the elder Adam and Walker Scobell is likeable as his younger self; others of note include Jennifer Garner, as his mother; Mark Ruffalo as his father; Zoe Saldana, as love interest Laura; and Catherine Keener as the villainess Maya Sorian. As one might expect for a science fiction film there are quite a lot of special effects; thankfully these are pretty impressive. There is some mild swearing but nothing too offensive that means this can be enjoyed by sci-fi fans of just about any age. Overall I'd certainly recommend it to fans of the genre; just don't try to overthink it too much... it was never meant to be that deep.
7 Deadpool, The Hulk, and Elektra.The movie is actually signed by Shawn Levy, which I somehow love.It doesn't promise much, but it's pretty good at delivering what it promises.Ryan Reynolds is in front of us with the same character he has been playing for the last 15 years.What really surprises me is the harmony of someone like Raynolds, who was in front of the camera with the world's greatest actors and actresses, with Walker Scobell, who had his first acting experience at the age of 12.They made a great duo team.The film is technically trouble-free, even near perfect.CGI and Cinematography are very good.Sound Engineering is excellent, 5.1.2 Atmos speakers are used very effectively. In some scenes, all the windows and doors in the house shook.Long story short, 'The Adam Project' is a movie made to entertain the audience and it succeeds.
9 I'm sure we will get the time travel experts that punch holes in the film based on theories that dont exist ANYWAY but that's the nature of the beast with films like these. I've learned to base these on 1 MAJOR FUNCTION is it entertaining? And this film most certainly is. Excellent cast excellent script, excellent special effects, and for a streaming action comedy PHENOMENAL final product. I found it far superior to red notice and that film was extremely expensive this also had a lot of heart. We especially loved the ending it tugs at your heart a few times during the film and especially at the end and when a film can be entertaining and make you think you have a winner!! Not quite a 10 but a solid 8 or 9!! I think we have a formidable pairing here with Mr Reynolds and Mr. Levy Free guy was a flawless masterpiece and this was a excellent 2nd film looking forward to their next project.
7 The Adam Project is a 2022 Sci Fi Comedy starring Ryan Reynolds(Deadpool),Mark Ruffalo(Avengers Endgame),Jennifer Garner (who worked with Mark Ruffalo in 13 Going On 30),Zoe Saldana(Avatar),Catherine Keener(Begin Again) and introducing Walker Scobell in his film debut. Directed by Shaun Levy(Free Guy,Night At The Museum) the story follows Adam Reed(Walker Scobell) a 12 year old boy who's living with his mom(Garner) in 2022. Meanwhile in 2050 a pilot also named Adam Reed(Reynolds) accidently finds a worm-hole through time and is sent to 2022 where he meets his younger self.(who you guess it happens to be the same Adam Reed from 2022). Together the unlikely duo travel back in time to 2018 where they meet their father (Ruffalo) who died in a car accident over a year ago as well as stopping Catherine Keener's character.Will they be able to prevent their father's death?. And will Adam reunite with his wife Laura(Saldana). Overall I enjoyed this film. What drew me to this film was seeing both Jennifer Garner and Mark Ruffalo again after 18 years since 13 Going On 30. As well as that I love Ryan Reynolds in nearly every film his in as his such a likeable guy. Sure he plays the same sarcastic deadpan guy over and over again(almost every actor does this) but again like I said his a very good actor.My only downfall to this was parts of it made zero sense especially the ending(which I am not gonna spoil). And I was disappointed that Jennifer and Mark hadn't more screentime together (as mentioned before both starred in 13 Going On 30 together which happens to be my runner up romantic comedy of all time). Then again the real reason why both hadn't much screen time was due to Mark's character being dead for the majority of the film and we don't get to see him until the 2nd act of the movie. Speaking of the director of this film,half the time I kept thinking is this directed by Steven Speilberg as there is alot of references to his movies in here from ET to other films such as The Kid with Bruce Willis, Star Wars and Back To The Future. If your a fan of Steven Speilberg then you will love this film.B-
60%
10 The Adam Project is an exciting yet an emotional time travel movie that fills with a great performances by Ryan Reynolds, Walker Scobell, and Mark Ruffalo, also Jennifer Garner and Zoe Saldana was just as powerful as them, i wouldn't say The Adam Project was a perfect movie even though i give it a 10, there is still some very little nit picky here and there but that's about it, overall movie, i really enjoyed it, i really like it, the feeling, the sadness of it, the story on how Adam just want to fix everything that went wrong in the future and ended up meeting his 12 year old of him, giving a life and personal advice for him, and the most emotional is to meet his father again, that really works for me, somehow someway i feel it, and despite the emotional thing, the comedy works very well, the action scene was awesome, one particular scene make me hyped, it was great, so great, The Adam Project is simply one of the best films of the year.
7 This is fun. I definitely had a good time even if some intellectuals will say it sucks. I must admit that I'm a bit tired of Ryan Reynold, but on this one he is not as extra as usual - well, at least, sometimes - and he even gives a good performance.This film won't change the world, but the humour landed more than I was expecting and the familiar dynamic/drama worked pretty well for me. Yeah, the villains are unidimensional and the background story is kind of generic, but this delivers what it promises, being an inoffensive fun film, reminding a lot of what we had in the past decades.PS: Great soundtrack!
9 I don't understand how some critics and reviewers thought the back and forth travel sequences had plot issues... they were actually spot-on and made more sense that some of these other twisted time travel movies. What I really enjoyed about this one is that is was for the entire family, and the all-star cast - especially Reynolds, just made it funnier and heartwarming, especially teamed up with the young and talented Walker Scobell.Sure the story has been similarly done before, but not with this much heart and soul to the story, as well as natural comedy (from Reynolds). It's an emotional fun ride that was perfectly cast and performed, with excellent directing, writing, cinematography, visuals and effects, and an amazing soundtrack to boot. I'll be seeing this one again for sure! It's a well deserved 8.5 from me, upped to a 9/10 to try and offset these 1/10 wannabe critics smh.
6 Well, based on the cast ensemble alone then I figured that this 2022 sci-fi action adventure would be a movie worth-while watching. And thus, I needed no persuasion to sit down and watch what writers Jonathan Tropper, T. S. Nowlin, Jennifer Flackett and Mark Levin had in store with this movie.And honestly, then the movie was every bit as entertaining and enjoyable as anticipated. Which means that director Shawn Levy managed to do a great job at bringing the script and storyline to life on the screen in an enjoyable and entertaining manner.Sure, "The Adam Project" is the type of movie where you essentially just lean back, munch on the snacks and watch the movie. Yeah, it wasn't particularly a very cerebral movie, despite of it revolving around something as complex as time travel. But hey, it is a movie meant for entertainment after all, this wasn't exactly an exact science.Visually then "The Adam Project" is rather impressive. But of course, with a movie project such as this, the funding is large and very capable of sustaining great visuals. And a movie such as "The Adam Project" does need proper CGI effects to fully function as intended on the screen. And trust me, the effects served their purpose."The Adam Project" has a good cast ensemble, which funnily enough brought together four members of the Marvel CMU, a funny little detail. Especially since "The Adam Project" does poke fun at aforementioned MCU. The movie has the likes of Ryan Reynolds, Mark Ruffalo, Zoe Saldana and Jennifer Garner on the cast list to carry the movie, which they did quite well. In addition, the young actor Walker Scobell really managed to stand tall among such established performers.While "The Adam Project" certainly is a watchable and enjoyable movie, it hardly strikes me as a movie that I will be returning to watch a second time, as the storyline just didn't have all that much solid contents to it.My rating of "The Adam Project" lands on a six out of ten stars.
8 I saw The Adam Project, starring Ryan Reynolds-the Deadpool movies, Green Lantern; Jennifer Garner-Peppermint, 13 Going on 30; Mark Ruffalo-Begin Again, 13 Going 0n 30; Catherine Keener-Get Out, Begin Again; Zoe Saldana-the Guardians of the Galaxy movies, Death at a Funeral and Walker Scobell-this is his first movie.This is an action filled, humorous time travel movie. Jennifer and Mark are a married couple with a son, Walker. Mark dies and both Jennifer and Walker suffer, in their own different ways-Jennifer grieving but trying to stay strong for Walker and then Walker is getting into fights at school and disrespecting Jennifer at home. Ryan is Walker in the future-2050 to be specific-and he comes back to 2020 to right some wrongs involving time travel. He was aiming for 2018 but he was being pursued by bad guys and missed his time period. Catherine plays Marks' business associate and Zoe is Ryans' wife in 2050. There is lots of action with futuristic weaponry and fights and the usual Ryan wit and humor and Walker-this being his first movie-does a great job of mimicking Ryan. The name of the movie, The Adam Project, is the name of the program that made time travel possible. There is some good music, too, if you like classic rock. I remember hearing some Led Zeppelin, Boston and Pete Townsend. FYI: This is a Netflix produced movie so it is also being shown on Netflix if you like to watch movies on a smaller screen-I don't. I love going to the theater but everyone is not like me.It's rated PG-13 for violence and language and has a running time of 1 hour & 46 minutes.I really liked it and would buy it on Blu_Ray.
9 The Adam Project is a must see movie, it's such a delight and so entertaining! I truly loved it, it felt like a modern approach to an 80s sci-fi family film such as "ET", "The Last Starfighter" and "Back to the Future". Shawn Levy captures that spirit so well, and while he doesn't completely reinvent the wheel, he infuses this film with a lot of heart and some great entertainment value. It's a film that would make Spielberg proud, so deep in its veins is the essence of vintage Amblin. I like how while Levy used these comfortable retro elements he also did add in more modern sensibilities and gave it a futuristic feel, he makes it it's own thing while reminding us of movies we love. And oh boy, do I ever love Shawn Levy and Ryan Reynolds teaming up! First "Free Guy" (which I loved) and now this (which I love even more)! Ryan Reynolds is in his best form here, much like in "Free Guy" this is his best work outside of "Deadpool". What truly surprised me was that we got two Reynolds performances in this - one from Reynolds himself and one from young Walker Scobell who was truly incredible here! He matched Reynolds' personality and comedic style so well, and really held his own against Reynolds like a seasoned comedic actor! Their banter was so much fun, and Scobell's delivery felt exactly like Reynolds. Mark Ruffalo, Jennifer Garner and Zoe Saldaña were also excellent and helped bring about some perfect emotional moments. I loved the chemistry between the cast - it couldn't have been better! While this isn't a great "film" by technical standards it's just so enjoyable and fun, it's all around good! It's so funny, has some great action, and even has some nice emotional moments that had me tearing up! This film emotionally resonates on a level Hollywood has been trying to return to for years, it's so well handled! It's thoughtful, witty and delightful, just such a wholesome and enjoyable film! I also loved the soundtrack, it had some great 80s songs mixed in! This movie was such a good time, it tells such a heartfelt and sweet story that I had so much fun with! It's truly better than most Netflix movies (it deserves so much more than Netflix... it should be a theatrical one!), and I would highly recommend checking it out! It's super entertaining, charming and has loads of spirit and heart! Trust me, you'll love it!
7 The Adam Project is an adventurous film in the mould of Spielberg and other '80's and 90's pics, meaning confused conversations, quick quips, great close ups and seeing the world from a child's point of view as well.The plot is a time travel story where our main character meets his younger self, trying to fix the damage a villain inflicted, and that's all the narrative I'll share beforehand. It's well shot, well directed, well written, and well played, especially by young Adam.It leaves us with an entertaining film that plotwise isn't surprising enough to elevate it to greatness, but a good watch nonetheless.
10 Honestly, this movie feels how movies used to be when they were better. Some of these negative reviews on here really make me sad, because obviously the people writing don't want to have fun or are "too cool" for a feel good movie. It's a great family movie, drawing inspiration from a handful of classics before it such as Flight of the Navigator and Back to the Future but also keeping it fresh with great special effects and cinematography. It's also a tear jerker... and reminded me of how a lot of movies used to be made to trigger a positive emotional response, something that is missing completely from most modern cinema.A movie hasn't made me feel this way in a long time. I felt like a kid again watching it. I'm not "too cool" for this movie. It rocks. Great cinematography, acting, script, comedy and drama. It's a great all ages movie. It's a rare thing to get one like this during "dark times". In my opinion, we need more like this more than ever right now.
9 Absolutely fantastic. I enjoyed this film from the very second it started. Ryan Reynolds is as always hilarious and the concept of the film is really great. Set aside all the malarky about time travel and blah blah blah and just enjoy the hilarious and wonderful performances of everyone in this wonderful touching and fun film.
5 In 2050, Adam Reed (Ryan Reynolds) steals a time jet to fix a problem in the past. He winds up in 2022 and encounters his 12 year old self (Walker Scobell). His mother Ellie (Jennifer Garner) is dating a year after the death of his father (Mark Ruffalo). The two Adams are helped by his future wife Laura (Zoe Saldana) in their battle against Maya Sorian (Catherine Keener).Ryan Reynolds is being his standard wisecracking self. Saldana is the sexy fighter. Garner is the suffering mom. I like Ryan with his younger self until it runs into a bump in the road. The younger self can't be the zen advisor to the older self. This movie is working very hard to be action-packed fun but the fighting becomes repetitive. This is a middling sci-fi action flick on Netflix that stumbles a few times. Ultimately, I figured that I won't remember this a year from now. Maybe I could steal the time jet.
7 I gotta admit, I underestimated it because it's a Ryan Reynolds movie made by Netflix - two big red flags that it's gonna suck, but I'm happy to be wrong for once.Cause at first I'm like "yeah, he's playing the typical beta male comic relief punching bag for StRoNg uGlY wYmEn characters" - and yes, he is, as always.But there's a beautiful relationship in here, well executed comedy, great pacing and action... It's a good time. Probably this guy's best movie so far.Great acting from "Adam", "little Adam", and Adam's wife too. Emotional and touching when it needs to be, comical when it needs to be.
8 Greetings from Lithuania."The Adam Project" (2022) was a surprisingly entertaining flick. Writing, directing were solid, well done and always entertaining. While the story wasn't the most original one, it was good enough to keep me involved into it. It doesn't go very deep with its premise, yet for what it does it does very well.Overall, i liked "The Adam Project" for its being fun, light entertainment. It was pretty smartly written, has a good humor, is very well directed because at running time 1 h 40 min its perfectly paced and is not boring for a minute. Performances were solid as well as descent CGI. Entertaining flick.
7 "Teenage boys are horrible. It's like living with a urinal cake that yells at you"Shawn Levy's "The Adam Project" turned out exactly as I had imagined. It's fun, full of energy and has a rather powerful ground of emotions that hit you like a truck. Believe it or not, this specific aspect would have a greater say over everything else. It will depend upon how much you value the 'Humane' stuff; based on that, it will either make or break your experience and could modify the final takeaway as well.Speaking for myself, I'm a sensitive person; and these kinds of stuff make me emotional, and here is no exception. I just loved the dynamic shown here. The father & son alliance hasn't been explored enough in recent times, I'm delighted they did that in here and that too in the most adorable fashion possible. And yeah, the actors did their parts too.Say what you want, Ryan Reynolds has nailed it yet again. I know some part of the audience won't agree with my above statement. "Ryan Reynolds getting repetitive", "He's playing himself", "He's doing the same thing over and over again"; now, I won't deem them as lies, as most of these statements do reflect the reality or at least some parts of it. But then again, as long as he's getting the job done, doing well on his part, I see nothing wrong in there.Besides, nobody would argue against the talent this man seems to possess. From his stellar dialogue deliveries to his perfect comic timings, No other actor could do those things in the way he does, he's one of a kind, he's unparalleled in this space. And I truly admire him for that, and you know what? I'm not at all apologetic while acknowledging the same.So, It seems we've finally concluded, this is the part where I'm supposed to tell you whether you should go to the film or not. Look, I loved Levy's previous work i.e. Free Guy; although that doesn't necessarily suggest I had higher expectations this time, on the contrary, I did know this would not be the same sort of experience, because of various reasons. All I can say is that, if you are here for nothing but the sole value of entertainment, congratulations, you have come to the right place. Or else, get yourself prepared for a tiny dose of disappointment!
9 Highly enjoyable and satisfying Saturday afternoon matinee for younger minded people of any age. Excellent balance of ALL aspects in the movie, without taking itself too seriously and trying hard to be more than it is. That balance includes just the right amount of emotion, empathy, and compassion. Tom Cruise would have ruined this movie!This was Ryan Reynolds leveraged to his best (or most stereotypical) strengths, and the pacing was brilliantly & skillfully directed and edited to match his delivery. An amalgamation of many influences, if watched closely. Believe it or not, this movie is worthy of film school study, along side Back To The Future.Executive producers ultimately hit their target. Top tier production quality with perfect pace and wonderful casting with skilled performances. This should have been a summer theatrical release. I might even watch it again, which is rare for me.
7 The prolific Ryan Reynolds stars in and has a producer credit for this family action drama with a lot of humor brought into the script. It is a spirited time travel movie that plays loose with the time paradoxes for the sake of the entertainment value. While it does not really break any ground as a science fiction movie, it brings a bit more drama and human relational elements at the level for young adults. It also avoids the more cliché plot structure found in many uplifting time travel movies to its credit. Worth a visit in time.
4 Idk if I'm just getting older or if I'm growing more gritty with time and finding these more "light-hearted" films more boring. But I just do not enjoy Pixar movies as much as I used to. I semi enjoyed "Luca" and actually quite liked "Soul" but this film falls completely flat for me it barely even feels like a Pixar movie. Not only is this movie incredibly unfunny but its extremely predictable. The main character Ming comes up with a money hustling scheme to buy tickets to a concert. But her mother doesn't approve she throws her friends under her bus halfway through the film and then at the last 20 minutes predictably she makes up with them. The main "Climax" of the film was also really weird. She defeated the "villain" by shaking her butt at them. Idk just overall just a really weird film didn't really like it.
2 This is not up to the usual high bar Pixar has set over the years. Characters were not endearing, it felt like they were trying too hard to be relatable and it just wasn't entertaining for a wide range of viewers. Very disappointing as most Pixar movies have universal themes & characters that reach all generations with positive messages and engaging plots.
1 Disney finally did the impossible. They made a terrible Pixar film. This is easily the worst film Pixar has ever done, and yes, that includes Good Dinosaur and Cars 2.The premise involves Meilin Lee, a 13 year old girl living in Toronto, Canada. She declares that she's doing her own thing and does and says what she wants. She lives with Ming, her strict overbearing mother (think typical Aisan Parenting), has a side job of taking care of the family temple and has a group of friends who she hangs out with, all of whom are fans of a Boy Band named 4* Town. For her, she thinks her life is balanced, she thinks she has it all figured out. Or does she?One night (after being caught doodling a secret crush as a merman), she has a bad dream and wakes up as a Red Panda. This, it turns out, is a family trait and her family (just the females) turn into Red Pandas whenever they experience strong emotions. And Mei's life is completely upturned as she's forced to evaluate what she wants.I'm gonna be honest, the concept of a girl turning into panda whenever she has strong emotions is not a good concept. Maybe if it was for a Dreamworks movie, then I could understand why they'd go for that. But here, it feels out of place.Then, there's the coming of age and family aspects, which was done so much better in Pixar's other movies: Luca, Brave, Inside Out, and Coco inplemented those aspects in a much better way than this film. Even Soul handed the family aspect a lot better in just one scene and in a much more mature way. It would have been slightly better if she was made older but even then, it wouldn't improve the film that much.The characters felt completely stereotypical and unintersting in comparison to Pixar's previous characters. We have the energetic but overly emotional, overachieving young kid (Mei), the strict and overbearing Aisan tiger mom (Ming), the tomboy (Miriam), the emotionally deadpan friend (Priya), and the energetic friend (Abby). All of these characters are not only annoying due to their over the top emotions, but they're also completely unlikeable.I know that Domee Shi was inspired by old-school anime but it felt like she copied my least favourite aspects of said old school anime and not the best. There's a reason that those aspects are outdated. The animation quality took a nosedive in this film and considering the film's budget $175 million, it's kind of baffling. Especially considering that Dreamwork's films, which look better than this film, have a smaller budget.Turning Red is Pixar's worst film as we get a subpar storyline, unlikeable characters, and a message that despite meaning well, says that it's ok to disrespect your parents.
2 Let me put it this way: a genius way to present a subject is to make it so watchable from so many angles that it will represent something to each viewer. Take Mafalda comics as example: once can read it is a kid, as a teenager or as an adult. It makes different senses, it means different things.That was Pixar's films from its start to 2010 or so.Since then, each new film has the same audience target. And it's not me. It's every time ticking the same boxes: friendship, family, self-maturing. With a touch of magic or oneirism.Visuals are great, music is blah, jokes are nah, it is not super enjoyable and it is very much forgettable.I hope animation gets out of this dark age.
1 Talk about two of the most irritating characters Pixar has ever created. The overbearing mother Ming and her overly dramatic daughter Mei, made this film very difficult to watch. They were both insufferable! Pixar is completely losing its touch! This is the 3rd film in a row the make, that I would not want to watch more than once.
1 Well this wasn't made for me, nor does it have broad appeal. It seems to have been made for Canada's Asian population in Toronto for young bratty tweeny girls.The story jumps around and the main character looks like her father was Wallace, from Wallace & Gromit. Momma has some explaning to do!I was more invested in an email from a Nigerian prince than any of the characters or the plot.
6 This is a story about a girl who turns into a big Red panda.The animation is fresh with a scent of manga about it, the characters are pretty interesting and all in all this a solid enough movie.I think a younger audience will like it and there is lots of relevant stuff for young people.Looking back over the Pixar catalogue there is a dizzying choice of absolute classics that are loved by children and adults alike.Many took really big choices like opening with a tragic death, including a full length music video or excluding dialogue for the entire opening act.Pixar couldn't possibly keep this up forever and Turning Red shows signs they are running out of steam.This takes no risks and is happy just being a kids film about a big fluffy creature.The scenes with the Panda are relatively rare and after a few incidents everyone accepts the Red Panda and that embarrassment factor is removed diminishing the aliment.The story shies away from any kind of conflict. Making it very soft and friendly - happily rolling around in themes of friendship and individuality - but removes any kind of tension.The mother starts as a great character but the story can't stomach her overbearing nature for long and soon it is apparent that everyone is right and the things that were held as important really never mattered, everything works out and everyone agrees to disagree without any consequence.This is all very nice and friendly; younger people of a milder disposition will love this.As an adult it made the experience feel quite empty and pointless - I have a feeling this isn't going to stick long with a younger audience either.Perhaps this is aimed at a eastern audience where perhaps it resonates better.Nothing bad here but if I was to watch all the Pixar movies again this would be way down the bottom of the list.*EDIT* my 8 year old grand daughter has since watched this and she loved it. When I asked what she liked most about the movie she said "the big fluffy panda" - She seemed a bit sketchy on what the actual plot was but she is a girl who knows what she wants and fluffy panda's is it - so a 9/10 from her.
6 Interesting. I thought my 14 year old & her 13 yr old friend would have loved this movie. We waited for it to come out and they had a movie night. 3/4 of the way through they were bored and switched to the Nintendo switch. They said they didn't really "get" what the point of the story was and they lost interest. Head scratcher. I need to watch it myself but if the target audience don't enjoy it - is it really for them?
5 This is the first Disney Pixar movie that I felt wasn't made for me whilst I was watching it. Their films usually have something for everyone and a very broad appeal.I felt like this film was aimed squarely at young female TikTok users going through hormonal changes.It has some very important messages that I'm glad to see getting some attention, but it was also very derivative and borrowed a lot of elements from a lot of other kids movies.
4 Well, the animation is often creative and incorporates some anime elements to highlight the culture on display.Let's see...what else positive can I say?... There is an attempt at strong characterization as Mei learns to be independent and learns the value of her independence. But it comes across as hollow because from the film's opening scene she says that she takes pride in being independent. So, there's no change in values for her. She just becomes more outspoken.Also, I found the movie rather distasteful in that it seems to encourage rebelling against your parents because they'll never understand you, as opposed to appreciating what they do for you and having honest, open two-way communication with them.Lastly, good gracious this is one of the most cringe-inducing films I've ever seen. The writing and dialogue often comes across as a horribly dated Disney channel movie from 2002. The movie is loud, anxious, and obnoxious for almost the entirety of its runtime.This is Pixar's first true misstep since Cars 2. I guess they can do wrong.
3 The movie delivers it's message quite strongly in the beginning but as the story goes on, things become more and more weird and I think it's mainly because Pixar is out of touch with the younger generation and didn't know how to progress the story whilst keeping the underlying message.The scenes where the movie spiraled downhill was particularly when the kids started making money by selling their photos of the Panda and doing all kinds of weird favors, it just tacks on with a weird undertone which I think is one of the more toxic traits being reinforced in the younger generation. You would think that students who get straight A's would know of better ways to make money than selling photos of their appearance. (That is how poor the message became in the second half, that their value is based on their appearance)The story could've easily become something more wholesome, but they were clearly lazy in the writing.I mean, if a twerking Panda is a positive trait then maybe I'm the one who is out of touch.
3 Wow, I thought The Good Dinosaur, Luca and Cars 2 were bad... but this.... wow. Pixar truly once and for all sealed their fate as dried up studio, FAR out of their prime. Pixar should be embarrassed at this cliché, shallow and weak film. Just wow. Each one of their last 3-4 movies has gotten progressively worse! How is that even possible?? There are few if any redeeming qualities to this mess of a movie.
9 Turning Red features a predominantly East Asian cast and is about the growing pains that come for a young adolescent and her mother - oh, mothers and daughters, the things that come between them are about as (in this case) building busting as the love that invariably keeps them together - but it's an absolutely universal story. So many young people come to find that their parents, one and/or both depending on the time, become way too much to deal with, and that finding attraction in others is something immediate and pleasurable and also forms friendships (like 4-Town... ugh and they're 5 teens what gives). So many don't know what to do with their bodies as they sprout hair all over and hormones rage like a furnace. Is it possible to find your "center" when you're 13?Turning Red is no different than, say, the 400 Blows in addressing how a young person finds themselves at a crossroads of life and choosing a way to go is a conundrum on top of a pain-pile some days, this despite/because of the joys that come with being young and (sometimes/discovering one likes to be) carefree and DGAF about stuff like school and routines and rituals. That these two films are from very different countries and times and protagonists isn't the point, rather that Domee Shii, like Truffaut or Greta Gerwig or Reiner/King with a Stand by Me or (insert other Coming of Age serio-comic saga), finds through her art some compelling ways to express how these changes are vast and cruel and bewildering.In this case, Mei doesn't know what to quite do with her Panda-y self, or more significantly with what her mother wants her to do with it. It's a film ultimately about familial vs self expectations, and it's realized and executed with a heck of a lot of heart, wit, intense cuteness (that box of kittens made me laugh hard), and enough pathos to crash through a dozen concerts. I do have a few nitpicks on my first viewing, some maybe a little minor that I know come with suspending a bit of disbelief (there was never any time the parents thought to mention the whole Panda-transformation curse thing), and some maybe not as much (not to give too many spoilers away, but would 4-Town or their legions of fans react like *that* after what happens in the climax of the movie? I don't know if I fully buy it, even if it still makes for a heart-pulling finale). And on a more fundamental level, you can kind of see what's going to happen with the Mom pretty early on.But these little points don't take away from this being another triumph for Pixar - I almost want to say yawn another but these things are so much harder to pull together and click all into place than most realize - and Shii fulfilling her promise after the dynamic High-Cute Big-Cry energy from Bao (which if you watch again, as I did, is thematically so similar to Red). I love the characters, the vision of Toronto, and so much to do with how we all as younger people struggled through the UGH and AAGH of so much, and it's a movie that manages to remind the adults how profound it can be to confront that and reflect on it all. If it falls short of All Time Masterpiece that may be more on me than it will be for you.
2 I'm normally a huge fan of Pixar. There hasn't ever been one that I haven't enjoyed. The movie did not feel like Pixar, it felt like I was watching anime with CGI. The animation felt like a mix of Disney and cartoon network, and it lacked the magic that makes Pixar films special. There were a few spots that made me laugh and that I found endearing, but overall I wish I could have gotten my time back.
6 The idea, the metaphor is not bad, coming of age or rather turning red (and honor your parents but stay yourself). Pixar production and graphics as good as ever. What is missing in the latest productions, in my opinion, is the genius of Pixar. They seem closer and closer to a typical Disney production, beautiful and musical but not brilliant.This decline, I fear, may be due to an excess of production wanted by the Disney company, and I understand it but, there is a big difference between a tailor's shop and an industrial distribution of clothing.Although I am an adult (and perhaps for this reason), I loved Pixar because in the past its target has never been solely that of children, they have included adults. Outstanding Pixar movies like "Wall-e", "Up", "Inside / Out", "Coco", "Finding Nemo" and Dory, also "Soul", even more than the still wonderful "The Incredibles", "Toy Story", "Ratatouille" , "Cars" etc. They bring with them messages, often moving, that do not concern only our children but also adults. Indeed, some messages are not immediately understandable by a very child / adolescent audience but they leave the fun to them anyway. In fact liked these movies as much as my son did.This latest movie as well as "Brave", to a lesser extent also "Luca", show a slight flattening to Disney standards which I'm not saying are bad but they lack that typical modern tell and sneaky, Pixar genius.
4 Despite regarding myself a true gorehound to the bone, I like to watch sometimes animation movies with family, for obvious reasons ;) Wall-E, The Incredibles, Inside Out, Monsters Inc are my favorite ones. Compared, Turning Red belongs to one of the weaker entries (like the Car movies) in the line of Pixar works: the animations look rather cheap and without any distinguished style (one of the trademarks of Pixar in my opinion, the good movies have always something unique about their visuals), the soundtrack is bad, the characters are stereotypes without any real soul, some even really annoying. The story, so lala, the "message" too. Well, Turning Red is not a total failure but not really a good one, at least if you compare it to the finest works of the studio. To sum it up: tastes like a fast produced piece without much spark and inspiration.
4 I almost turned this off within the first 15 min. It starts off REALLY annoying - like the movie forgot to take it's Ritalin after downing a 40 oz of Mtn Dew. It got somewhat better, but I never LOL'd even once. (Having said that, I don't think I am the demographic this was aimed at, because typing LOL in a review really irritates me.)It's not all bad - the animation is great, as would be expected, although the bean-headed character thing is getting a little tired.Overall this is vey much a teenage girl flick, set in the early 2000's with tons of references to that time period. PowerPuff girls, (Yeah, the eye thing, we got it. Over and over and over.) Tamagotchis, "BackStreet Boys" and probably others I ignored.The thing that I love about most PIXAR films is that they are sort-of timeless and usually have universal themes, stories and characters that everyone can related to. This is not like that. The humor is not as clever as you would expect - it's pretty immature really. I get the Asian/ Chinese parent thing, but as a critical element to hinge the entire premise of your movie on? Even if you boil it down to breaking away from your parents expectations, that concept has been done so much more thoughtfully and touchingly than this.I think this would have done poorly at the theater. Even when I saw the preview for it IN the theater I remember thinking "This doesn't look like typical PIXAR quality." and I would not have paid to see it, BUT it was free with Disney+ so I watched it hoping my initial reaction was wrong.It wasn't.I imagine someone with DisneyCorp knew this and decided not to risk it. A box-office flop would not have been good press, and this way it just gets swept under the rug and largely forgotten. Mark my words, when enough people have seen this and reviewed it, it's going to rank really low compared to all the rest.
2 It's actually remarkable this film was allowed to be released as-is. It's a terrible mess.This started out an an analogy for a young girl having her period and dealing with puberty to something else entirely.The film has multiple metaphors and themes going on that often contradict each other:"Hide your emotions", no don't do that."I should honor my parents", no I'm not going to do that."I'll be myself and my friends mean most!", nope.It feels like someone with ADHD was writing the script. It is ALL over the place. It tries to cram everything into a short movie and generally fails.Plus, this really has to be pointed out: the draw for this was an Asian director making an Asian-centric story. Despite this, they manage to use so many stereotypes and tropes that I almost can't believe it.This was a complete mess on every level and a new very low point for Pixar.
1 Everything about this film can be described in one word: cringe. None of the jokes were funny (they were trying way to hard to be relatable to "fellow kids). The worst part was the animation though. All the characters are so lazily animated and just plain ugly. It looks like something you would see on cartoon network (and I don't mean that in a good way). I was seriously cringing the whole way through the movie. If I hadn't been watching with someone, I probably would have turned it off after the first ten minutes. Actually, on second thought, I wouldn't have watched it at all.
1 Straight out the gate this movie not appropriate for all ages and those involved should be ashamed for not giving prior warnings to parents. I have no idea what movie those scoring this highly were watching but it's certainly not the movie I watched.The main character is extremely arrogant and just not relatable or likeable and the mother is so far beyond controlling that she's a borderline psychopath and of course the father is just some overweight dude there for appearances.I've no idea what message this sends to kids but it's not that puberty is natural and part of life but that it's a bizarre rollercoaster and you can pretty much do anything you want when experiencing it.
3 The thing that I think is most loved about Pixar movies, is that there is something for everyone. Even their less popular movies (Brave, Good Dinosaur, the Cars sequels etc) managed to keep everyone entertained, whether they be a young girl, a middle aged man, or a Hobbit from the Shire.Unfortunately Turning Red failed to do this, instead aiming for a very specific target audience excluding everyone else in the process.This movie felt to me like a poor man's Teen Wolf, with less Michael J Fox and more bland humour (although I did like the father stealing the sugary treat whilst the wife was distracted), annoying characters and an uninspired, predictable story.Pixar has handled the trials and tribulations of adolence in far more interesting and endearing ways (Inside Out, Luca, Toy Story 4 etc), but this just felt cheap in comparison, with no sense of depth or feeling, more like a second rate Netflix animation than a movie from one of the greatest animation studios around.It felt to me as though they maybe could have explored the father's relationship with both the wife and daughter a bit more and how this affected them as a family. Especially as he was part of the reason for the mother's problems with her own mother and inner Panda. Instead his character was sadly left unfulfilled.What I really found surprising, was that this film came from the same mind that brought us the excellent short, Bao, which had very similar themes, but managed to cram infinitely more heart and meaning into it's short 8 minute runtime, than Turning Red did in almost 2 hours!Overall I felt that this film was a lost opportunity to take a more nuanced look at (female) adolescence and how it affects those around them and to maybe give a bit more insight into the Asian-Canadian world.
1 Honestly one of the worst Pixar movies I have ever seen. In fact, it's one of the worst movies I've seen in general. First off, the main protagonist is just plain annoying and obnoxious. All of her friends are equally annoying as well. The designs of the characters in this movie are also super off-putting. Especially that of Meilin. Seriously, what is up with those big ass teeth? And finally, I found problems with the voice over. When people speak it just seems unnatural, like the voices aren't matching up with movement of the lips to whoever is speaking. This is especially prevalent with Meilin. It's so weird watching her talk. The plot is just bad, and illogical at times. The movie is filled with so many cringe-worthy moments. I mean, why is this 13 year old girl twerking?I could go on and on about how terrible this movie is, but I'll cut it short with this:Pixar what the hell are you doing?!
1 The beginning of the movie is a beautiful and cute description of life as a preteen. But just around the halfway mark the storytelling basically stops and there's nothing but hammer-blow-subtle messaging. If you agree with the message you may not dislike it as much but even you will have to concede the sloppy storytelling and dramatic shift in tone.
2 The animation is really, really good, as expected from Pixar, but they wasted it by making their first film to completely break their mold by having a target audience. Pretty much every one of their movies attempts to be likable by all people of all ages, so I'm not sure why they did this, but the movie is solely targeted at preteen girls and no one else at all, and the plot is entirely focused on explaining puberty. The plot is weird and awkward, and every moment of screentime jumps back and forth between extremely cringey or mind-numbingly cliche. At least it has a consistent plot, so it's still better than Encanto, but not by much.
1 This film has a decent premise. But the plot and characters feel very cliche and boring, with the main theme being a good message but poorly portrayed.The art style is HORRIBLE. The character models look like some cheap bowling alley screen display characters.This film lacks Disney Pixars magic. What happened to the creativity of Monsters Inc, Up, Coco?
4 It's a letdown. The fun and charming bits of Harry Potter were left out of this film. I like J.K. Rowling's work immensely, so that's hard to say.Plot-wise, things are a mess. Newt and his luggage full of magical creatures are a side plot to the important things going on. The real story is that an auror in New York is searching for a powerful and dangerous magical force that manifests within a teenager. His plan: turn the destructive energy the teenager carries into a weapon, I assume. Enter Newt Scamander, who is trying to transport a thunderbird(?) to Arizona for release back into the wild. Some of Newt's other creatures escape in New York, and he has to round them up, all while becoming entangled with the auror and his teenage target.The plot sounds sort of okay, but it's not well integrated. The characters don't add up to much of anything, either. The sidekick baker is fairly likable, though, along with his brewing romance with Queenie. Newt's a bit thin as a character. Eddie Redmayne's dialog also tended to come out mumbled, which made him hard to understand at times. Throw in a few acronyms and oddball words like MACUSA, and that makes for more confusion.Altogether, the film needed more work to tighten the story lines and make Fantastic Beasts a story focused on Newt and his menagerie, instead of what we ended up with.
7 I really want to draw attention to the title of the review above. I'm sure many die-hard potterheads would want every review on this site to score this movie 10/10 and say it is a masterpiece. Well I can't do that, since that isn't my honest opinion. What I can say though is that Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a thoroughly entertaining affair that is well worth a watch, especially if you're a fan of J.K. Rowling's magical world. For starters the cast was great. Eddie Redmayne feels perfectly cast in main role as Newt Scamander. A very awkward and introverted person who prefers the company of animals rather than humans. He has the quirkyness down to a tee. I also really liked the muggle (or no-maj as the Americans call him) played by Dan Fogler. How he reacts to the whole wizarding world and the events that happen around him is actually really funny. I also thought Katherine Waterstone and Alison Sodul did great playing two sisters who wind up roped in to the whole adventure. The creatures are the best part of the entire movie by far. They CGI on them looks kind of fake, but it's more than made up for by the concepts alone. Almost all of them have some clever twerk that keep them from feeling generic and they're all filled with personality. The sequences when they're catching these creatures are all really fun to watch. However there are some problems with this movie. For one it has way too many side characters. A lot of them feel completely underdeveloped and add basically nothing to the overall story (*cough* Jon Voight *cough*). There's also a magical threat that becomes more central towards the end but it honestly kind of left me scratching my head. I just wasn't that engaged in that part of the story to be honest. Still these problems are not enough to ruin the movie by any means. It's filled with wonder and creativity and being back in the world of witchcraft and wizardry is worth the price of admission alone. I enjoyed the characters, the humour and the creatures a whole lot. I also want to give J.K. Rowling huge credit for not just rehashing the Harry Potter story again. This is fresh and new and while it isn't flawless by any means it's certainly entertaining!
4 I have to say that I am really disappointed of the movie as a whole. The Harry Potter movies are easily one of the best and most rewatchable movie franchises so far. And this movie is sadly nothing like the original HP movies. The only thing that is has in common are the special effects (for the apparitions). There was no real dialogue between the characters. Just silly one-liners and the occasional humorous remark. I am also very angered by the fact that they just introduced a new concept (obscurials) to the HP franchise that would literally change everything (if obscurials exist why hasn't Harry Potter become one? After all he fits the criteria).There was also way too much CGI in the movie. It became a real nuisance after a while. Especially because it wasn't even "up to today's standards".My final critique concerns the overall flair of the movie. It just didn't feel like it belongs to the magnum opus that is the HP movie franchise. And righteously so; why did they film it in NYC? The HP franchise is the most British thing since James Bond and Doctor Who. I never really realized it before but now that I watched this movie it became very clear to me. You can't just change the location like this and expect the audience to embrace it. Sorry. What's next? Fantastic Beasts in Japan? No thanks. We already have that, it's called Kaiju.
3 FANTASTIC BEASTS AND WHERE TO FIND THEM is the latest instalment in the cash cow HARRY POTTER franchise and a total disappointment as a movie. I didn't expect much when I saw that artificial director David Yates, responsible for the shallowest movies in the Harry Potter film series as well as the awful LEGEND OF TARZAN, was at the helm, but Rowling's first-ever script promised something; it turns out she's a far worse scriptwriter than she is a novelist.This plays out as a prequel to Potter, with Eddie Redmayne - adopting a single gormless expression of wonder from beginning to end - on the hunt for various escaping magical creatures in 1920s New York. There's no plot at all, just endless chase scenes involving poorly animated CGI beasties, so the supporting cast have nothing to do expect add perfunctory romance/comedy/drama, none of which works. The CGI is blatant and used to drive the narrative, which it can't do, so by the time of the umpteenth magical battle you simply don't care. And they're making another four of these? Give me strength!
8 How do you make a 'Harry Potter' movie without Harry Potter? Before the last of the eight films of J.K. Rowling's staggeringly popular universe five years ago, that must have been the conundrum facing Warner Brothers executives as they stared at the end of the line of their most lucrative franchise. And yet thanks to Rowling herself as well as series stalwart David Yates, there is once again new life to be found in the world of witchcraft and wizardry that she had dreamt up in the seven books of the boy wonder. The inspiration is one of Harry's textbooks at Hogwarts, an essential text which served as a guide to magical animals written by one Newt Scamander. Rowling had written it into a companion piece in 2001, but as those who had read the 128- page book will tell you, there is a lot more that Rowling must have had to add to her first movie script even as an adaptation of that earlier book.That explains why the film's narrative feels like two parallel story lines, both of which are set in the 1920s in New York City. The first (and the one more obviously drawn from her text) concerns the magizoologist and former Hogwarts student's (Eddie Redmayne) arrival with a suitcase of magical creatures in tow. He's here to do field work for the titular book that he's writing, but no thanks to a mix- up involving a klutzy working-class 'no-maj' (meaning 'muggle' or ordinary, non-magical human) named Jacob Kowalski (Dan Fogler), some of the beasts Newt keeps hidden in his suitcase – which is really a magical device enclosing a massive nature preserve – have escaped. Together with two comely female wizards, the struggling investigator Porpentina Goldstein (Katherine Waterson) and her mind-reading sister Queenie (Alison Sudol), Newt and Jacob set out to chase down these creatures before they wreak more havoc on the city.And yet their blithe adventure could not have taken place in a more complicated time – not only has the Magical Congress of the United States (or MACUSA in short) set out strict rules against the revelation of the existence of wizards and/or the wizarding world, its meticulously cautious Madam President (Carmen Ejojo) has outlawed the possession of all beasts. There is perhaps good reason though – the city is torn by a mysterious force purportedly to be that of an Obscurus, a dark and uncontrollable power manifested by wizards who have repressed (rather than being taught to control) their innate powers. Rounding out the second, and much darker, story is a missing dark wizard called Gellert Grindelward (Johnny Depp), which the opening prologue via numerous newspaper reels informs us has gone underground since his dark doings in Europe. It's no secret that Grindelward and by extension, Depp, whom we see only briefly at the end of the movie, will take up much of the acreage of the four other 'Fantastic Beasts' films that Yates and Rowling have planned. Given how this needs to set the stage for the beginning of a new franchise, there is understandably yards of exposition and a lot of introductions to do within the just-over two hours it has. It also means that, aside from its city-shaking cataclysm of a climax, this is pretty much like an origin story, such that like the first 'Harry Potter' movie, one gets the distinct sense that it is holding back for bigger and hopefully even more intriguing things down the road.Not to say that this first of a quintet isn't charming in and of itself; oh no, in fact, we are confident that Potter fans and newcomers alike will find much to love and beguile of the rich and fascinating fictional world that Rowling has created. Indeed, there is sheer delight in discovering the menagerie of creatures that Newt has hidden in his briefcase – among them a scene-stealing platypus with a penchant for stealing shiny things, a majestic avian which changes shape and size to fill any available space, and a tiny stick-like green insect that can pick locks. Before things get serious, the early scenes with Newt and his unlikely companions pop with escapist fun, not least when he and Jacob get caught in incriminating situations by law enforcement while pursuing their small, furry and oh-so-cute kleptomaniac around bank vaults and jewelry stores. It is also here that we get to savour more fully the effortlessly endearing Redmayne and Fogler, one quirkily adorable as the shy and slightly awkward boy-man and the other an unassuming bumbler whose wide-eyed wonder upon the world previously hidden from his eyes channels our very own.Like how she did with Harry, Ron and Hermoine, Rowling gets a strong character dynamic going around the four cohorts, including a budding attraction between Newt and his Auror-turned-ally Tina as well as a gentle romance between Jacob and Queenie. It is these characters that anchor the busy plotting in the second hour with heartfelt emotion. Even so, the beautifully ornate production design shines through every frame, whether a seedy underground jazz club with all manner of peculiar (if slightly grotesque) creatures to Manhattan's old City Hall subway station where the climax unfolds. The special effects are equally stellar, particularly the transition from our world to that inside the suitcase and a breathtaking scene where the Obscurus wrecks destruction across several of New York's skyscrapers before plunging into the City Hall station. And of course, the close-ups of the various beasts are just as visually stunning, some scary, some cuddly, some ethereal and some just downright goofy. Even without the appeal of adorable young children, 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' is pure enchantment, perfectly setting the stage for a whole new chapter of the wizarding world we've come to embrace through the 'Harry Potter' films. To call it fantastic may be slightly hyperbolic, but you'll be glad to know it doesn't fall too far short.
3 Not being a fan of the universe that Rowling created and not much of a fan of "Harry Potter" as such, then I had very little interest in watching "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" actually, but I had the chance and went to watch it with my wife.And while she found it to be a good movie and enjoyed it, then I was in the opposite side. I didn't enjoy "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" one bit.Sure this movie was amazingly great and astounding to look at visually. And believe you me that there was not spared on the special effects and the visuals in this movie. The CGI effects in "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" was off the charts. And that alone is almost enough to make it worthwhile to watch the movie, almost...What deterred me was how the was the amazingly boring storyline. It took forever for nothing to happen, and that was a massive anchor around the movie, dragging it down to the point where it became unbearable to witness.It seemed like the entire movie was just a stream of random scenes put together, in no particular order, for making a complete movie. There was a disturbing lack of a red thread throughout the course of this movie.As for the acting, well they surely had managed to get some great names and talents along for the ride, but the pick for the lead role was a bit beyond my comprehension, because Eddie Redmayne seemed to be as lost in the story as the rest of the audience. He stuck out like a sore thumb among the likes of Colin Farrell and Dan Fogler.I walked out on the movie shortly after 50 minutes into the movie, when the main character started to do a mating dance. That was just the pinnacle of ridiculousness and I tossed the towel in the ring at that point. It was just too much.I am sure that there definitely is a massive fan flock for this movie, given the success of the "Harry Potter" movies (and books), however it was just a swing and a miss for my part.
8 Having grown up with the Harry Potter books, and as someone who found a lot to like with all the films (though admittedly some were better than others), expectations were high for 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them'. Especially also with such good word of mouth.Those high expectations were met, and more. 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' serves as an introduction to the new era of the wizarding world, and not succeeds brilliantly doing that but also works as a magical slice of entertainment in its own. A long film it is, but a vast majority of the time it doesn't feel like it, so engrossing is the world that the film creates.Not all's perfect. 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' takes a bit of time to get going, with a slow and overlong introduction that tended to also be confusingly written. Jon Voight is wasted as a character with not much personality or development and with a subplot that practically is forgotten about, both by the viewer and by the film. It is too early to tell how well Grindelwald will fare as a villain, but first impressions weren't that promising with Johnny Depp's performance not really igniting my fire, for somebody who specialises in oddball roles he just seemed too lightweight for such an evil character. This said, the future films I'm sure will turn this around if they keep going forward rather than backward.'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' lives up to its name visually. The look of the film is spellbinding, from the wonderful use of colour, with perfectly contrasting shades of light and dark, to cinematography that is never garish and too simple or murky and convoluted, a standout of the latter being that long shot of Credence and Graves in the alley. The standout is easily for the interiors of the suitcase, our looks of awe matching the characters'. Even better are the special effects for the creatures, all of which are technical marvels. This said they are more than that, they are also creatures with their own distinct identity and purpose, as great as Demiguise, Occamy and Thunderbird the standout is the adorable Niffler who also provides some of the biggest and best laughs.James Newton Howard's music score has the right amount of the haunting, the whimsical, the ethereal and the rousing, always dynamic with the action and what's going on in the film. The script has some grim social-commentary and suspense, which gives the film its darkness, while also bringing some perfectly pitched humour (mostly from Jacob and the Niffler), poignant emotion and sense of wonder, while balancing these different tones in a way that never makes one think "it's trying to be too many things" or "it doesn't know what it wants to be". The references to details from Harry Potter will make die-hard fans squeal with delight, they certainly gave me a sense of nostalgia. There is a lot going on in the story, but all in a way that is told with charm, exuberant and offbeat wit, enchanting imagination and nail-biting suspense. Loved the little details as well, such as the wand-shining house elfs, the bake-offs, the office-cleaning and the magically translucent umbrellas.David Yates was more than ideal as director, having the firm ground from having directed the last four Harry Potter films. There are no complaints to be had visually and technically, and, other than the slow start, could find little to fault with the way the story was told. The characters are well drawn and their personalities well established, with the only real glaring exception being with Voight's character. Found myself really caring for the heroes and the creatures, and got a real sense of threat from the villains (excepting Grindelwald).Acting was top notch, apart from Depp (and Voight doesn't really have much to work with to make any distinction), with Eddie Redmayne on superbly eccentric and endearingly quirky form. He is ideally matched by an affecting Alison Sudol, a charming Katherine Waterson and a highly amusing and amiable Dan Folger. On villain duty is Colin Farrell playing his dastardly role with smarmy relish and a chilling and heart-breakingly repressed Ezra Miller, though the latter is more ambiguous as a character whereas the former is full-on villainous. Samantha Morton also impresses.On the whole, a magical introduction to the new era wizarding world, and mostly it is fantastic. 8/10 Bethany Cox
8 Perhaps the biggest dilemma you will have before going into this, is whether or not it will live up to the legend of Harry Potter. As someone who loved the series and was skeptical about Yates undertaking this endeavor, I am pleased to say that I'm relieved, As Yates delivers a refreshing and whimsical film. Sure, it doesn't have the characters we've come to love, but with the creatures you encounter and with the added humor of J.K Rowling, you will come to grip with the fact that this movie will leave an impression.Newt is a scientist who has an uncanny resemblance to Doctor Who, as his strange and cunning outlook bares the trademarks of the epic character. Newt is searching for unorthodox creatures. As he stuffs them into his suitcase which is an accident waiting to happen. The suitcase seems to be unhinged and dire need of a proper lock. As he arrives in New York he mixes his bag with Jacob Kowalski, who lets loose beasts that start to run rampant in the streets. J.K. Rowling's first outing as a screenwriter is a wild success, with her keen eye for detail and whimsical taste. "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" becomes a fine addition to her epic saga. I'm glad that there are four more awaiting us because if Rowling proved anything, it's that she has a lot more to offer.
1 David Yates has done it again - what a terrible movie. Boring from beginning to end. J.K. Rowling just wasn't able to write a script that could live up to the Harry Potter books and universe. Fantastic? Not so much. Beasts? Sure, lots of them, but uninteresting. Where to find them? All inside a magical bag. There's absolutely no character development: we get to know very little about Newt Scamander, his personal quest, his thoughts or what drives him; Tina is just bland; and Kowalski is a comic relief that just wasn't necessary. Throughout the movie, you never understand why Newt has a "Noah complex" or why he was driven to build his own Ark of magical creatures; there's no tension, no drama involved - muggles don't know about those creatures, so they can't hate them or understand how dangerous they might be, and wizards just don't seem to care enough about them. Why exactly was Newt expelled from Hogwarts? What exactly was his relation to Leta Lestrange? We just don't know. Graves was an interesting character, but very poorly developed. Sure, he is revealed to be something more and we couldn't know too much, but we never get to understand the context in which he professes his ideology. For a movie that revolves around magic, there's actually not that much magic being used during the movie. Maybe next time they should try a movie with less special effects and a little bit more acting. The Harry Potter books were always about the narrative - well written, enticing, thrilling, focused on big existential issues, such as death, the quest for immortality, friendship. This movie was about the visual power of cinema, and that just isn't enough. Besides, a whole generation grew up with Harry Potter, a generation that actually "grew up", so a PG movie won't work.
6 It's OK, I suppose.Good parts: Period costumes & sets were beautiful. Special effects were (mostly) very good, and the Fantastic Beasts were individually great fun.So-so parts: The acting was only OK. Newt (Eddie Redmayne) in particular left me dissatisfied. Yes he's playing an introverted character, but I saw no reason for the bond he seemed to build with Tina. The MACUSA wizards & witches were extremely underdeveloped, including the President. Their hot-and-cold treatment of Tina for her interruptions made no sense to me either.Poor: The editing seemed off to me, in a way I haven't noticed since The Chamber of Secrets. --- awkward pauses littered the film, robbing it of its momentum. Newt's interaction with some of the larger beasts didn't look realistic (e.g. his stroking the Thunderbird's neck). And I personally dislike FX-heavy movies where the Big Bad is some amorphous cloud (not as bad as Green Lantern, but pretty bad).Final thought: why do so many large beasts have bird's heads? This seems to be a thing with Rowling ...
1 When they have nothing to say and no message to deliver, but they still want to make a movie, they are resorting to special effects. Special effects over special effects. Nothing matters anymore, the story, the actors, the direction, nothing at all. The music in this kind of films is always the same, it seems to be a carbon copy. Poor Jon Voight, what a huge distance from "Midnight Cowboy", "Coming Home", and "Runaway Train" (all three absolute masterpieces), and his next films (culminating with this s..t). Poor Colin Farrell, also a very good actor himself (but not here, here everything is bad). Poor cinematographer Philippe Rousselot, what he came to do... (he's the one who signed in the past the cinematography to masterpieces like "Diva", "The Moon in the Gutter", "The Emerald Forest", "The Bear", "Dangerous Liaisons", "Henry & June"). Mr. Director David Yates is an expert in stupidity, he's making only poop-movies. Only one thing I liked in this huge mess: the pastries in the shape of fantastic beasts offered by Kowalski (Dan Fogler) in his shop at the end of the film.
9 I really enjoyed watching this film. It is visually astounding with some amazing creatures which inhabit a world that is familiar to us, New York of the 1920's. Eddie Redmain comes to the big city from London to find a weird creature. It is quite destructive and his task is difficult because laws have been passed against magic. There are several factions in the city, the strength of whom is difficult to pinpoint. We have no trouble realizing who the heroes are, but the infighting within the administration is not totally clear (although I'm probably too inept to get it the first time). There is a delicate balance between the edgy, dire blackness of Harry Potter and its humor. Some of the creatures are hilarious, but when push comes to shove, there is nothing funny about what is happening. Lives are being lost and religious fanatics are seizing power. Life in the city is crippled by poverty and despair. I understand there are several films yet to be made that bank on the unanswered questions in this one. I am hoping to watch this again to get more of an understanding of it. Oh! The special effects are beyond belief.
8 I admit walking into the theater, I was very excited but also a little apprehensive. I should not have worried at all though, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was incredibly enjoyable! Rowling's magical world is as alluring and fun as ever! For me, the best thing about this movie is exactly that. Exploring this world.In the Harry Potter saga, with the exception of Deathly Hallows, most of the action was confined in Hogwarts. When we were taken out of the school, the main characters, being underage, were not allowed to do magic. The novelty in this movie is that we get to follow a fully fledged adult wizard in an entirely new environment and observe the dynamics and workings of the magical society.Said wizard is Newt Scamander, a magical zoologist that traveled the world in order to find and document rare creatures, which he carries in his magical suitcase. When this suitcase gets mixed up with one that belongs to muggle Jacob, some of Newt's creatures escape and cause problems in New York.Eddie Redmayne shines in this movie. He plays a very clearly British, endearing and slightly awkward Newt, but the character's kindness is obvious by the loving and friendly way that he treats his magical creatures. Dan Fogler does a great job as Jacob Kowalski, the muggle who is suddenly thrown into a world of wonder that existed beside him all along. He is the one the audience can best relate to, since he mirrors our sense of marvel. Katherine Waterstone and Alison Sudol also do a good job as the two vastly different magical sisters, who aid Newt in his adventure. If I had a small gripe, it would be that the excellent Colin Farell was in my opinion under used.All in all, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a solid and visually stunning movie that manages to achieve three things.First, although it takes place in the Harry Potter universe, it stands apart and has its very own story, which can be enjoyed separately from that of the famous young wizard. Second, it drops quite a few hints and names, which not only tie in nicely with the stories that we know, but also serve to set up the next installments, which are rumored to document Dumbledore's past and connection with Grindelwald. Finally, the movie features a bustling 1926 New York, which coupled with the intriguing character dynamics, offers a brand new insight into Rowling magical world and leaves us poor muggles asking for more.After following Harry's adventures, many of us were left wanting to see much more of the story and luckily for us, it seems Rowling has that much more to offer. Personally, I can't wait for the next movie, great job!
4 It's always tough for a reboot or a reimagining of a franchise to win over the hearts of all viewers. The Harry Potter films were this generation's Star Wars. It was always going to be an uphill battle for Fantastic Beasts and in my opinion, the film never even got off the ground. With no heart, weak visual effects, and surprisingly little imagination, Fantastic Beasts and How to Get Bored turns out the most disappointing film going experience of this year.I'm going to try and not compare the film too much to its predecessors, because that's ultimately unfair. This was a new thing. There are only a few little references here and there to characters we knew. After all, this film takes place 70 years before Harry entered Hogwarts. With that said, I'm not sure what the appeal here is without an attachment to the series. Sure, J.K. Rowling comes back and makes her screen writing debut, but the script felt so basic and unimaginative. Aside from some nicely time physical humor, this was a sloppily paced missed opportunity.Our new wizard team comprised of talented actors Eddie Redmayne, Katherine Waterson, Dan Fogler, and Alison Sudol. I'm not sure if it was because the youth and innocence is no longer there (like with the original team at Hogwarts), but I didn't care at all for the team. Fogler, who plays Kowalski, has some great (and I mean great) comedic moments, but I didn't find anything compelling or charismatic about this particular group. Unfortunately, Redmayne gets lost in his obscure quirkiness (as does Ezra Miller for that matter), and Colin Farrell's Graves' character was criminally underused.Speaking of Farrell, I have no idea why he would want to take on such a role. The third act reveals that Farrell is actually the dangerous wizard, Grindelwald undercover. Of course, none other than Johnny Depp himself was officially cast as Grindelwald a few weeks ago for the upcoming films. Why in the world get such a talented actor in Farrell if you're just going to switch him to another famous actor the next second? It just seemed like a waste to me.I hope other people found enjoyment in this film, because I certainly did not. But hey, I still have faith that a sequel could be good. 5 movies? I'm not so sure about, but I wouldn't mind seeing another one of these films. Coming from a big Potter film fan, this was a massive disappointment.+Kowalski provided some entertainment-Farrell wasted-No real heart-The new team is uninteresting and lacks charisma-Surprisingly mediocre CGI4.0/10
8 The magical community in Britain has been fleshed out rather well through the seven Harry Potter books and the eight films that followed, but America's magic users have been pretty much overlooked.Until now.The year is 1926. In the midst of the dark wizard Grindelwald wreaking havoc in Europe, an unassuming man travels to New York City with a case full of, well, fantastic beasts ( a case which goes full TARDIS, as well). There's also an unknown magical threat tearing up streets and striking fear in the hearts of the nomaj (non-magical, US term for muggle) community. The Magical Congress of the United States is searching for the culprit, and who do they blame? The unassuming man, Newt Scamander, a role that Eddie Redmayne fits into perfectly.With the help of Tina Goldstein, a disgraced Auror, and Jacob Kowalski, a nomaj who gets caught up in Scamander's creature exploits, they must clear Scamander's name and find out who is behind the attacks in New York and stop them.This film has a lot going for it, but it really holds up as an installment of the Harry Potter franchise in the way that it showcases the allure of the universe without the old story of The Boy Who Lived. It is also buoyed by great visual effects and witty banter throughout.This will prove to be just the first of possibly many films in the Harry Potter universe (and yes, Johnny Depp does show up as Grindelwald), and if this film is any indicator of the wonder this universe instills, I can't wait for more.
3 J.K Rowling, not content with having milked 'Harry Potter' for all it was worth (quite a lot as it turned out) has now decided to expand her 'wizarding world' with this sort of spin-off series.Sadly this first instalment isn't that fantastic, in fact it's lots of special effects holding together a paper thin plot that seems largely to involve poor Eddie Redmayne running here, there and everywhere trying to catch whichever creature has escaped from his suitcase next.There are moments, yes, when this film actually lives up to its billing, and I'll be interested to see where the franchise goes, but this was a load of old nothing really.
6 Borderline Charmless with a Lead Character (Eddie Redmayne) that Mumbles, Withdraws, and is Virtually Lifeless. The Female Lead (Katherine Waterston) is a Good Pairing because Her Character is Lifeless too. Then there's Jon Voight, who is Absent Anything to do with a Sub-Plot that goes Nowhere. Colin Farrell (as a main antagonist) seems Depressed to be there.It doesn't Bode Well when the most Engaging Characters are Secondary, Dan Fogler and Samantha Morton and Their Flirtatious Frolicking Occasionally Lifts the Movie from its Doldrums, as do a few of the Titular Beasts.But the Look of the Movie is Drab Brown and the Film is Drab in other ways. There is Very Little Energy when a Beast isn't On Screen and the Production seems Static and Stiff.The CGI is Generic and the "X-Men Mutant vs Human" Story is a Lazy Recycling. In the End the Main Antagonist is a Reveal that is Not-Surprising and is Rendered as a Whirling Spiral of a Dark Liquid Mist (talk about a let-down).It's an OK Time-Waster but Overall it's such a Waste of Budget, Writing Talent, and when Imagination is Lacking in a Film that IS Imagination, it becomes a Missed Opportunity at Best and at Worst, a Disappointing Development in a Franchise that Deserves Better.
6 "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" is an American/British co-production from last year (2016) that runs for slightly over 2 hours plus roughly 10 minutes of credits. If you read the names of writer J.K. Rowling and director David Yates, you have possibly guessed correctly already that this movie takes place in the Harry Potter universe, namely roughly 70 years earlier, during the days between the two great wars of the 20th century. Fittingly, the visual style of the film reminded me of Boardwalk Empire on more than one occasion. So I guess they did a good job with making things look the way they were back then. But of course, in the center of it all is no gritty crime drama, but it is all about the fantasy. The world of magic is a taboo at that point and a secret society tries their best to keep it that way and to keep people away from finding out about the infinite supernatural possibilities that are out there waiting to be explored.This is where title character Newt Scamander comes into play. He is a young wizard traveling from Britain to the United States and we follow his journey involving new friends and creatures during these 120 minutes. He is played by Eddie Redmayne, the actor who won an Oscar for playing Stephen Hawking not too long ago, and I must say I like him quite a bit. This is also why I am fairly disappointed how things turned out here. Despite playing the central character, Redmayne never really was given the opportunity by the script to show us his range. Some supporting players had better material than he did. Speaking about supporting characters, I was surprised how the biggest supporting characters were played by relatively unknown actors here, but hey, Rowling made Radcliffe and Watson famous, so maybe she wanted to do something similar here, even if the actors I am talking about are of course grown-ups already. I am not sure. Perhaps it would have been the better opportunity to choose established and famous actors for these roles like they did with Maggie Smith and Alan Rickman back then to mention just a few. Still I believe that these relatively unknown actors did a decent job for the most part. The core problems here are elsewhere. The one main problem is that the film keeps losing itself in visual effects on many occasions. And no matter how good they may be, they can never make up for lengths in the story and insufficient character development. This is also the aspect which eventually got me giving this film a thumbs-down and a negative recommendation.I do believe that this film is worse than all the Harry Potter films. Good actors are wasted for characters that are really not well-written at all and also do not make a lot of sense. Yes this especially refers to Colin Farrell here. By the way, after Gilliam's Parnassus movie (because of Heath Ledger's death), this is already the second time he plays the same character like Johnny Depp in a film. And here we have also already the possibly biggest surprise of this film we have here. They managed to keep Depp's inclusion (even if he is gone seconds later again) a secret. Depp, however, will have to do something really great in the upcoming movies if he wants to get this franchise on course. Yep franchise. Of course they are cashing in further with the Potter universe and there will be up to 5 films about Newt Scamander and his companions in the next years. Judging from the quality of this one here, I think one could have been enough. Oh well, there is certainly some irony to the fact that this one here won an Oscar, an achievement that none of the Potter movies have in their uncountable number of awards. Then again, I don't want to be any more disrespectful. The costumes were good I guess and it can be noted that a film can have great costumes and still come short overall with regards to everything else. Or lets say most other aspects. Of course the effects are strong, in quantity and quality, but like I said: To me it looks like they were used very much to make people forget about the lack of sufficient character developments and convincing story-telling. The introduction to the world and new city in the first hour was decent (so was the botched execution scene) and had the film kept that level, I'd certainly have reacted more positively to it all. But it did not. "Style over substance" is a fitting description and I suggest you watch something else instead. I must also say that this hardly felt like a Potter film to me. Apart from occasional references like Dobby, the film felt like a standalone movie, but maybe that's also because the story will go on for a long time still. Not a good standalone movie though. I truly truly hope the second film will be better.Correction: I liked it more on rewatch, so I will give this one an additional two stars and raise it from previously 4 to 6.
6 Meh. Just meh. This film looks like a 50 dollar steak but tastes like a turkey sandwich you forgot about in the refrigerator for a day. It isn't bad but doesn't make you want anymore. And I think that is why they had to shoehorn Johnny Depp in at the end of this, because otherwise no one would care enough to watch a sequel. The dude playing the wizard looking for his pets is meh. The story felt like filler. I honestly have no idea why people consider this film anything other than mediocre. I guess die-hard Harry Potter fans are so desperate for more Harry Potter stuff on the big screen that they are willing to pretend this film is something special when it really isn't.
1 Since when movies like this one took over? No plot, no characters development, no substance, cheap jokes here and there and CGI filling up space. Just another film that tries to squeeze bucks out of franchise without genuine effort.Nothing happens throughout the whole movie, literally. For the most of it, Eddie Redmayne searches for his beasts and tries to imprison them in his suitcase. We are supposed to be amazed by them, but we have seen alike a long time ago in previous HP, Avatar or even LOTR movies, so they alone simply don't cut it. Then there is a brief fight with "the bad slash confused guys" and that's it.I had a hard time to find out who is the main villain almost the entire movie, and I definitely didn't discover his motives. The revelation of the villain was stupid and embarrassing and everybody except for hardcore HP fans doesn't have a chance to know what the hell is going on with him. Showing this dark matter damaging streets like each 15 minutes didn't help and got quickly boring, because it didn't pose any actual threat to our heroes, and its only purpose was to fill the holes with CGI and banging sound anyway (I guess).I felt no connection to any of the characters whatsoever. Redmayne acts like a crazy nerdo who has feelings only for his monsters, Katherine Waterston is uninteresting bureaucratic mouse and her sister behaves like a slut. The baker was OK, but each one of them was acting unnaturally. This is completely different from HP, where I could feel for Harry (or others for that matter) struggling with his substitute family, adaptation to a foreign environment, love, hate and at last burden of great responsibility, and even though Daniel Radcliffe hasn't shown that great performance at least in the first movies, I could relate to him and understand him.Fantastic Beasts has not brought anything new, we have seen all the wizard stuff before - all the "automated" tools working by themselves, habitable suitcase instead of a tent, creation of this defensive bubble etc. New York didn't help either, gone is the magical atmosphere from UK and Hogwarts. The magic as such is treated just too casually here.I hadn't expected much, but still was disappointed. The thing is, that this movie isn't nowadays an exception any more, and it strongly reminds me of the last Star Wars movies, whose sole purpose is to grab your money and let you wait for next one in a trilogy to at least get an explanation and some satisfaction. Can't we produce solid standalone movies anymore? What a letdown !
4 Watched the movie but can't find interest at any point, story line must be better.
3 I will keep this brief....No significant story to speak of...the film just drones on and on with the "gotta catch the creatures that escaped from the suitcase" crap. That is basically it.Poor/inadequate character development. There are just "characters" in the movie....we know little to nothing about them or their motivations....and care little to nothing about what happens to any of them.The essence of the film is "look at the weird and charming CGI creatures we created". I cannot believe that after all the years of CGI...the producers of this movie still believed that effects alone can make a movie....but apparently they do. The CGI is not new or refreshing in any way that I could see...just CGI.I am sure this movie will get some audience in the first few days, just by tapping into the "Harry Potter" world. But it won't last. Word will get out, and the (currently ridiculously inflated) IMDb ratings will drop like a stone.Take my word on this. This is a boring and bland failure of a movie. I slept through about a third of it, and those moments of unconsciousness were the best part.
10 J. K. Rowling added a new dimension to the Harry Potter universe with a story about the author of one of Harry's textbooks. "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" depicts eccentric wizard Newt Scamander (Eddie Redmayne) in New York City in 1926. A mishap gives Newt a few unplanned adventures amid the supernatural occurrences plaguing the city. And there are a few references that should catch people's attention. Overall, from what I could tell, the movie makes a point about discrimination and witch-hunting (and the laws against wizards marrying non-wizards is probably an allusion to the infamous anti-miscegenation laws).But most importantly, it's a fun movie. As in the original series, each of the characters has something to contribute. David Yates, who directed a couple of the Harry Potter movies, does a good job here.
7 In the beginning of the Twentieth Century, the magician Newt Scamander (Eddie Redmayne) comes to New York City. While listening to the speech of the non-maj Mary Lou Barebone (Samantha Morton) telling that witches and wizards are dangerous, he lets a Niffler escape from his magical suitcase. Newt tries to capture the creature in a bank, but he stumbles upon the non-maj Jacob Kowalski (Dan Folger), who is a cannery worker unsuccessfully trying to raise a loan to buy a bakery. Newt captures the Niffler but he accidentally swaps his suitcase with Jacob. The former Auror Tina Golstein (Katherine Waterson) arrests Newt since he has not registered as a wizard in New York and brings him to the MACUSA. However, when she opens his suitcase, she finds only donuts and baked goods. Newt is released but his creatures flee from his suitcase at Jacob's apartment. When Newt and Tina find Jacob, Newt wants to obliviate his memory but Tina decides to bring him to her apartment since he is wounded and confused. She introduces her sister Queenie (Alison Sudof) to Newt and Jacob, and Queenie and Jacob feel immediately attracted by each other. During the night, Newt brings Jacob with him through the magical suitcase to help him to search for the creatures that are missing. However Tina takes the suitcase to the MACUSA and they are arrested since she believes one of Newt's creature is the responsible for killing a senator. However the wizard Percival Graves (Colin Farrell) accuses Newt of conspiracy with the notorious wizard Gellert Grindelwald and Newt and Tina are sentenced to death. What will happen to them?"Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" is an entertaining adventure with a flawed story. For example, why Newt needs to travel by ship if he may move using his magic? The cast is excellent, highlighting the cameo of Johnny Depp. The CGI is top-notch and despite the running time, the viewer does not feel bored. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "Animais Fantásticos e Onde Habitam" ("Fantastic Beasts and Where They Live")
1 It is unbelievable that JK Rowling's name is even attached to this film.The discipline and thought that went into the Harry Potter characters and story certainly wasn't applied to this catastrophe, which, like the Hobbit and so many other Hollywood regurgitation(s), merely seeks massive profits by piggybacking on a successful franchise while being utterly devoid of substance.It isn't even worth going into detail. There is only one truly likable character, though you can't relate to ANY character as we know absolutely nothing about them, nor do they have any developed relationships with each other. The entire script is built around the magical creatures doing damage to NYC, again, a ridiculous premise, as the damage is massive and there is no backlash. The complicated boundaries between the magical and non-magical worlds and people, so well laid out in HP, are completely absent. The most ridiculous example of idiotic, careless detail is that for most of the scenes on the streets of NYC, it is practically a ghost town, whereas in reality, NYC in the 1920s was nearly as densely populated as it is now. Perhaps more so, not worth it to fact check this. And Eddie Redmayne as the lead was totally inaccessible, not engaging and half of his speech literally unintelligible. Fully one third into the movie it is finally established that he, the lead character, is closer to magical creatures than humans, but by then, not only do we not care about him or like him, but really the script gives him not ONE real relationship wherein to show forth his character. Who is he? Where does he come from? We don't know. Anyway, a horrible choice for a lead character, someone who has no emotional connection to any characters. Even his relations to the animals is explored surface level, there is no one relationship with anyone or anything that develops throughout the story and makes the audience care about the character. Only superficial plot-related details are given and there is no emotional or human life at all.This is the same way all the characters, every single one, is treated. They are merely 2 dimensional props, there to perpetuate a plot that is mostly centered around special effects and hubris action, magical creatures rampaging here and there, and, as I said, unrealistically, going on undetected.Literally, not one shining point to this film. Another disgrace to storytelling, devoid of all substance and creativity, pumped out of the Warner Bros fecal-making factory. Utterly disappointed.
10 Cecil B. DeMille was a motion-picture producer-director whose use of spectacle attracted vast audiences and made him a dominant figure in Hollywood... He was successful in a genre - the epic - that he made definitely his own, until William Wyler came along three years later with "Ben Hur."In his first epic role, Charlton Heston is cast as Lord Moses, prince of Egypt, son of the pharaoh's sister... As a true prince, he saves a slave's life; as a great prince, he gives the priest's grain to the slaves and one day in seven to rest; as a man of justice, he confronts Nefretiri with a piece of Hebrew cloth, the key to his origin; as a warrior and in excellent physical condition, he kills a tough and cruel master builder; as a courageous Hebrew, son of slaves, he tells the pharaoh: "It would take more than a man to lead the slaves from bondage, but if I could free them, I would!" As a man of prowess, he shows his latest methods of combat when he takes on the shepherds and routed them; as God's torch, he proves to be the Deliverer of the Hebrews, their prophet and leader; as the Lawgiver of the Covenant, he is the founder of the community; and as interpreter of "The Ten Commandments," he is an organizer and legislator...Yul Brynner is superb as Rameses, the rival of Moses... His arrogance and swaggering snobbery are well represented... Brynner delivers an intelligent cynical role... Regarding himself as divine, he rejects the demand of this unknown God and responds by increasing the oppression of the Hebrews... Anne Baxter is Nefretiri, the sensual princess who leaves her scar upon Moses' heart... Nefretiri is beautiful as a jewel, and her eyes green as the Cedars of Lebanon... For Moses, she is always ready to lie, to kill and betray... She is selfish in her life as certainly in her love... Edward G. Robinson plays Dathan, the chief Hebrew overseer who confessed to Rameses: "Give me my freedom and I'll give you the scepter. Give me the water girl Lilia and I'll give you the princess your heart's desire." As a treacherous overlord, he charges to the people yelling: "Go where? To drown in the sea?"Yvonne De Carlo plays Sephora, the midnight shepherdess to whom Moses is wed... Sephora couldn't fill the emptiness of Moses' heart, but promised not to be jealous of the memory...John Derek is Joshua, the stone cutter, who is totally convinced that Moses is God's Messenger...Debra Paget plays the delicate flower who quench the thirst of the working slaves... For her the hour of deliverance will never come...Sir Cedric Hardwicke plays Sethi, the mighty Pharaoh, whose words to his son mark great significance: "Who would take a throne by force that he has earned by deeds?"Nina Foch plays Bithiah, pharaoh's sister, who discovers the basket in which Moses has just floated down the Nile...Vincent Price plays Baka the sadistic, covetous, murderous whip-wielding slave-driver..."The Ten Commandments" is filled with tremendous special effects: Moses's staff turns to a snake; Moses turning the Nile to blood; the Passover of the Angel of Death striking all the Egyptian first-born; the tremendous pillar of fire which halts Rameses' men; the Exodus from Egypt; the parting of the Red Sea; and the delivery of the "Laws of life, and right, and good, and evil."The relationship between God and man is the powerful drama in our world... Moses is 'every man,' in his pride and humility, in his courage and prowess, in his love and hatred, in his weakness and confusion,in his conduct and ability...DeMille's "The Ten Commandments" is a moving story of the spirit of freedom rising in a man under the divine inspiration of his Maker... It is a remarkable spectacle with great music, filled with exceptional setting and decor...
8 When I was 10 years old I saw The Ten Commandments in the the theater which is the only place it really should be seen. At the time I thought it was the greatest film ever. All that splashy color cinematogaphy and eye filling spectacle. The guy that put this together is some kind of special genius. Then I grew up.Today in a lot of quarters this and other DeMille sound films are viewed as pretty high camp. Especially those that touch on a religious theme. It's that dialog and The Ten Commandments longer than any other of his films has more of it. People talking some of that high falutin' nonsense, together with a good mixture of sex.What a lot of people fail to remember is that before Cecil B. DeMille came to Hollywood he was an actor and playwright on Broadway. He learned his trade at the feet of David Belasco, the premier Broadway producer/playwright of his day. In that Victorian/Edwardian era, ALL the actors, in Belasco plays especially spouted that stuff. I recall Anne Baxter saying that Moses spurned her like a strumpet. How many people do you know who use the word strumpet in their every day conversation? Or Yvonne DeCarlo saying to Charlton Heston that he Moses is God's torch to light the way to freedom and that by the way she loves him? DeMille made one great casting decision in getting the only actor who could play Moses and make it believable. This indeed was Charlton Heston's career role and as he said in his autobiography if you can't make a career out of the lead in two DeMille pictures it ain't happening. One other member of the cast Edward G. Robinson as Dathan loved this picture. Robinson had been dropping in star status since the late Forties and was now doing mostly B films. DeMille, whose rightwing politics Robinson despised, gave him this part and Robinson's career got a big shot in the arm. Robinson was grateful and gave him full credit in his unfinished memoirs. Most of the last half of The Ten Commandments is a running verbal battle between Heston and Robinson who is trying to keep some kind of control. Robinson is almost like the leader of a company union with the Hebrew slaves as members and Robinson sure enjoys the perks of office.The first half of the film is the sex part, hovering over all the biblical jargon. DeMille used an old gambit of his, two men in a rivalry over a woman. It worked in previous films like Northwest Mounted Police, Reap the Wild Wind, Unconquered and now here. Anne Baxter is a royal princess promised to the next Pharoah designate. But who will Sir Cedric Hardwicke designate. Charlton Heston his nephew or Yul Brynner his son? Anne Baxter has Nefretiri has both these guys hormones in overdrive. She favors Moses, but then Moses gets a higher calling.Though he was no director of actors and his sense of drama was generations old, DeMille was a firm believer in two things, fill the screen and make the films move. 50 years later the parting of the Red Sea will still make one gasp. It's not just publicity hype when The Ten Commandments is advertised with a cast of thousands, that is thousands you're seeing on that screen. Elmer Bernstein wrote the musical score for The Ten Commandments one of his first. He credited DeMille with teaching him how to write musical scores for film that underscore movement. This score brought him his first real notice as a film composer and he certainly became one of the best.Given the computer technology available today, one can only imagine what Cecil B. DeMille could create today. Of course he'd insist on some of the same writing, but then again without it, it wouldn't be a DeMille picture.
8 It doesn't get any better than this.  You can count on this perennial favorite to show up every Easter just as you can count on "A Christmas Carol" during the yuletide season.  The daddy of all contemporary religious instruction, 1956's "The Ten Commandments" is blockbuster spiritual entertainment in every way, shape and form, as Cecil B. DeMille depicts the life of Moses from his birth to slavery to Mt. Sinai in grandiose, reverential style.  And what a life!This was the first movie I ever saw at the drive-in.  I was only 6 at the time but I can remember the neighbors taking me to see this, snuggled up in pajamas and stuffed in the back seat.  The parting of the Red Sea waters, the turning of the staff to a viperous snake, the green-colored pestilence of death seeping into the homes of every first-born, the creation of the tablets, the burning bush, the booming narrative.  I sat in absolute silence and wonderment.  This is my first remembrance of any kind of movie-making and the Oscar-winning visual effects and vivid pageantry are still pretty amazing, even by today's standards.Charlton Heston, the icon of biblical story-telling, still towers over anybody who has ever TRIED to played Moses  before or since.  Stalwart and stoic to a fault, he possess THE look...cut out of pages of my old religious instructions book....the look that radiates magnificence and glory...the look of a man who has definitely seen God.  His commanding stature and voice with its slow, deliberate intonation is eerie and unmatched.  Yul Brynner portrays Ramses II as if he were the King of Siam in Egyptian pants. Nobody poses or plays majestic like Yul.  He's forceful, regal, imperious...everything a  biblical foe should be.  Anne Baxter as the tempting Nefretiri, Queen of Egypt, borders on total camp in her role, her stylized line readings and breathy allure is laughable now, with posturings and reaction shots not seen since Theda Bara.  But who cares?  Baxter provides the most fun and its her florid scenes that I now look most forward to  whether she's throwing herself at the totally disinterested Moses or verbally sparring with Ramses, slyly pushing his emotional buttons.  She alone puts the "k" in kitsch.  The rest of the huge cast is appropriately stiff and solemn.DeMille's 1923 original version of "The Ten Commandments" is hardly subtle as well, but still impressive and certainly worth a look.  In the 1956 remake, DeMille organizes a cavalcade of thousands to lend authenticity to the massive exodus scenes, while the ultimate picture-perfect frame for me is the three beautiful slave extras posing exotically and dramatically on a rock in front of a vivid blue-gray backdrop of furious, threatening clouds as Moses parts the sea.  That vision alone is one for the books.Whenever I am tempted to break a commandment or embrace that golden calf, I know I'll always have to answer to Charlton  glaring down from Mt. Sinai ready to throw those heavy tablets at me for my transgression.  Charlton not only sets you straight, he makes you BELIEVE!
10 This is one magnificent film. Brilliantly directed by Cecil B DeMille, it boasts some splendid cinematography and gorgeous scenery and attention to detail. Not only that, but also a script that positively sparkles, characters that are refreshingly complex, a rousing score courtesy of the great Elmer Bernstein and a compelling story. Also impressive, perhaps even more so, are the astonishing set pieces and the acting. In the lead Charlton Heston is very powerful while Yul Brynner too gives one of his best performances. The supporting cast are equally impressive, Cedric Hardwicke, Vincent Price, Judith Anderson, John Carradine, Edward G. Robinson, Yvonne DeCarlo and Debra Paget are all memorable. All in all, The Ten Commandments is nothing short of the epitome of magnificence not just in its scope but also its complexity. 10/10 Bethany Cox
9 Every time it played at our local cinemas I went to see it and sat through it at least twice. I cannot remember how many times I have seen this wonderful movie. I first saw it when I was about 11 and marvelled at it as a spectacle. I wept when Heston wept and rejoiced when he did. As I grew older I came to love Brynner's fantastic performance and lust after Anne Baxter (only better in All About Eve). Cedric Hardwicke, Edward G. and Debra Paget (Hubba Hubba)all impressed me. I was sorry Vincent Price was killed so early - what a great villain. It still demands my attention when it appears on TV. I swear I have seen it enough, but if I catch a glimpse then I have to see it again!! I find it unbelievable that it won almost nothing at the Oscars. At least best Actor for Brynner and best supporting actor for Edward G.!! No costume design? No set design? No Music? A travesty!! See this if you have not already - you are in for a treat- it still stands up. Long but absorbing.
10 When will Paramount Pictures re-release the 1956 movie The Ten Commandments to movie theaters? I know that the movie is shown on television and is on DVD, but this epic and incredibly successful movie is meant for the theater. Besides having a great cast, the movie tells a great story and tells it well. This movie will resonate with today's audience. Today's audience would enjoy watching Charlton Heston, Yul Brynner, Anne Baxter, Yvonne De Carlo, John Derek, Debra Paget, Edward G. Robinson and the others in the cast and would greatly enjoy the finale, including the parting of the Red Sea and the creation of the actual Ten Commandments. Technologically, the movie compares favorably with today's movies. Today's audience would respond favorably to the rich colors by Technicolor and to the music by Elmer Bernstein. In addition, the movie will help educate a new generation about events in history that have had a profound and lasting impact on the world. It will introduce the audience to powerful and memorable characters such as Moses, Ramesses, Sethi, Nefreteri, Bithiah, Aaron and Dathan as well as provide a glimpse of ancient Egypt. The scene where Moses confronts Ramesses and demands, "Let my people go!" is iconic and will definitely make an impression on today's audience. Today's audience will appreciate Anne Baxter's powerful performance. Why keep this movie in DVD land? Let it spread its wings on the wide screen in theaters for all to marvel. Watched this movie again and again this movie warrants only superlatives. GREAT story, GREAT cast, GREAT acting, GREAT special effects, GREAT costumes, GREAT EVERYTHING. This movie is one of the greatest epics ever produced by Hollywood. The scenes with Yul Brynner and E. G. Robinson and Charlton Heston are iconic; the scenes between Mr. Heston and the beautiful Anne Baxter are cinematic gems. Moreover the story is told in a straightforward way giving the movie the continuity it requires to stay on track, which is essential for a movie that is almost four hours long. Moses was a hero, Rameses his nemesis and Nefeteri the woman who had and then lost the man she loved, a Hebrew man named Moses.The acting is stagy, but the story is great, and Charlton Heston IS Moses. This is Charton Heston's greatest role. He is what makes this movie work. Heston gives one of the greatest performances in the history of Hollywood. Whether as the prince of Egypt, or as a slave, or as a shepherd, or as a leader and a prophet, Charlton Heston is the central player in this story. Yul Brynner, Anne Baxter, Sir Cedric Hardwicke, E. G. Robinson, etc., are great in their supporting roles too, but this is Charlton Heston's movie. This movie conveys the intensity of a time when a people held in cruel bondage were soon to be freed and were soon to be led by someone whose emergence onto the scene is so improbable as to confound everyone around him. For who was Moses? Was he an Egyptian posing as a slave? Was he a Hebrew masquerading as an Egyptian prince? Was he a prophet? Or was he an opportunist, using the plight of the Hebrews to gain a following and thereby confront and defeat his rival Rameses? The movie raises these questions. Now the movie may not be historically accurate, but that's not important. What IS important is the story this movie tells, which is about a man who is on a mission to liberate an entire people from the shackles of slavery and sacrifices everything - wealth, power, the love of Pharoah's daughter - to accomplish what he sets out to do - and does it.There are some critics who make fun of this movie for its stagy acting and stodgy story. Well, this is complete balderdash. Yul Brynner and Charlton Heston were never better and Anne Baxter is positively beautiful. The movie is a story about liberation, redemption and hope. It's about people who were led from the house of bondage and became a nation, guided by the great and profound prophet, Moses. That this movie is remembered over fifty years after its release is proof enough of its timelessness.
10 September 2004 What a fantastic movie to climax DeMille's illustrious career.Charlton Heston, king of the biblical epics, shines brightly as Moses, the one time Egyptian Prince, who now carries staff and perm in order to work Gods will and free his enslaved people from bondage.Yul Brynner, in what I believe to be his finest turn before the camera plays Rameses the Pharoah who's hateful relationship with Moses spans the entire epic. He is charismatic and shows off the arrogance of a stubborn Pharoah to perfection. This is indeed a film stealing performance.The beautiful Anne Baxter is at her sultry best as Nefretiri, the woman who would be queen to Rameses, but a slave in love to Moses. However the character is complex and I certainly had trouble in deciding who's side she was on in this epic battle of good verses evil. In the beginning she claims not to care for Moses' discovered background and is willing to be with him no matter what, however as the film progresses she does nothing but ridicule him and belittle him in true anti-semitic fashion.Edward G. Robinson, Vincent Price, John Derek, Sir Cedric Hardwicke, Yvonne De Carlo, Nina Foch, John Carradine, and Debra Paget all lend fine and memorable support, to an already colourful and breathtaking experience.Incidentally it is worth mentioning that so convincing was Martha Scott in her role as Moses' mother Yochabel, that she was given the chance to play Charlton Heston's mother again in the later epic Ben-Hur.Another interesting fact is, it was Charlton Heston's own voice who spoke the words of God. It was Heston's own idea that to hear God would be to feel God from within, which is why he thought it would be interesting to hear His voice as his own.A remake of DeMille's earlier screen adaptation of the fine book of Exodus, many can see why this film ranks as his ultimate achievement. The sets were lavish and the story handled with suitable reverence and dignity.People today often make the mistake of comparing older films like this to the modern epics of today with regards to their effects and they quite wrongly categorize them as inferior. Today anyone can create CGI images on their PC. Even my three year old daughter can make something look convincing with a mouse and a keyboard and although these effects are great, people have to remember that CGI was not available in 1956.Okay there are a few obvious matte backdrops used here, but to achieve the effects they did nearly fifty years ago was an outstanding and impressive feat which took talent and knowledge. I tend to look upon these effects as superior because it took the use of mans own brain to bring them about. The human brain is the best computer available, yet one seldom used in todays world. So please take this on board before you slam The Ten Commandments for it's "cheap and nasty" look as one reviewer called it.This movie is ALMOST faultless, even the length is forgivable as I was so engrossed, I hardly notice the time passing.One fact that did rouse my curiosity was Moses' appearance throughout the film. I know he went to speak to God at the burning bush, but did he really have to stop off at the salon on the way back? Or did God appear to Moses complete with curling tongs and hair dryer? "Just a little off the top Oh Lord." And why did Moses seem to age more than everyone else? It seemed like he went from a youthful dark to everyones favourite Santa in the space of a week.This aside, this film is a fantastic piece of cinema and must rate as a personal favourite of all fans of Biblical epics.
10 What was the Academy of Motion Pictures thinking in 1956? Outrageous that 10 Commandments lost to Around the World in 80 Days.The entire cast should have been nominated for Oscars. Here is how I see it: Best Actor: Charlton Heston and Yul BrynnerBest Actress: Anne BaxterBest supporting actor: Edward G. Robinson,Cedric Hardwicke John Derek, Vincent Price. Best Supporting Actress: Nina Foch, Martha Scott, Judith Anderson, Debra Paget.Shockingly, no one in the stellar cast received acting nominations. Only the lord knows why.Yes, as my rabbi pointed out many years ago, the alleged romance between the Egyptian queen and Moses was overplayed. However, it can't take away from the magnificent acting and quality of this totally absorbing movie.They just don't make movies as great as this one anymore. They'd never have actors and actresses to replace the above great people.In 1956, Brynner did win the best actor Oscar for The King and I. He was far better here. Though, the award should have gone to Kirk Douglas for Lust for Life. Douglas losing, Ten Commandments losing, any message to be learned here? As for the film itself, it should serve as a pre-requisite for those in the industry who wish to make biblical epics. The sets were absolutely lavishing. I guess that opulent would be the best word to describe them. Who can ever forget the dialogue? Remember those princely plots. What alliteration! They just don't open the Red Sea like that anymore.
9 I'm always willing to watch this, and I always enjoy it.  Rather than admit that there is something wrong with my taste, then, I've come to the conclusion that it's actually rather good.  It clearly has class, and spectacle.  Perhaps it has other virtues as well.Say what you will about De Mille's stagy style: it fits the Old Testament. Whereas "The Prince of Egypt" went soft and new-agey when it came to the crunch, De Mille never lets us forget the harsh world events are taking place in.  With a powerful and capricious god glaring at everyone all the time, it's not surprising that people - even pagans - take to talking in speeches.  (The speeches are in an attractive, flowery style that isn't biblical but has the same aesthetic standards as some biblical writing.) And the god really has some Old Testament flavour.  Everyone is terrified of him, and for perfectly rational reasons would rather pretend that he doesn't exist.  This gets tiresome after a while.  You'd think that after watching the Red Sea part everyone would have been willing to admit that Moses courted SOME kind of supernatural influence.  On the other hand, you'd be a mug to trust this influence too far.Possibly the best thing about the movie is the way it manages to divide our sympathies without weakening them.  Yes, we're on the side of the Israelites.  But it's also hard not to be on the side of the Egyptians. The old Pharaoh is probably the most likeable character on display and the young Pharaoh, while he has his flaws, is a nice enough fellow done in by unfortunate circumstances.  Moses gains our empathy early and keeps it even when his beard has turned to marble.  Only the minor characters are villains - and they're fun, too.Of course, I say all this knowing full well that the entire film is, at the same time, completely ridiculous.  Well, what can I say.  It's yet another instance of a general law.  Simple sincerity can sometimes spin straw into gold.
10 Like a handful of reviewers here, I first encountered "The Ten Commandments" in the theater on a parochial school class trip to the movies. As a Catholic, we had already been instructed on the life of Moses and how he rose to prominence to lead the Hebrews out of Egypt and slavery. As a kid, I would have been eight or nine years old at the time, and was looking forward to seeing how the baby Moses was found floating in the river, and how the adult Moses turned his staff into a snake. It goes without saying that the burning bush scene and parting of the Red Sea had to be in the picture as well. I recall some disappointment that there were no plagues of frogs or locusts on screen, but after all, the film ran over three and a half hours as it is.Watching the movie the other night brought back a lot of those reminiscences, and I was pretty amazed at how colorful and full of pageantry the picture was. The cast of thousands was indeed a cast of thousands, epic in scope of course, and one of those reminders that 'they just don't make 'em like that any more'. But with an adult eye, some of the film's glaring downsides are more than noticeable. Like the stilted dialog that hearkens all the way back to the birth of talkie films, and the wooden performances of characters portrayed by the likes of John Derek (Joshua), Vincent Price (Baka) and John Carradine (Aaron). I also had to laugh during that scene when Sephora (Yvonne De Carlo) and her sisters met Moses (Charlton Heston) for the first time. The goo-goo eyes directed at Heston were embarrassingly anachronistic even for the 1950's; why director Cecil B. DeMille allowed that to stand I'll never know.But the story pretty much kept faith with the Biblical version of Moses, and gives a good accounting of his break with the Pharaoh and the wandering in the desert on the way to Sinai. Upon studying the opening credits, I had my eyes open for appearances of unlikely actors like Mike (Touch) Connors and Clint Walker but they apparently weren't sharp enough. It's my understanding that Walker got his 'Cheyenne' gig on the basis of his appearance in this film. It was easy to catch Woodrow 'Woody' Strode though as the Ethiopian King bearing gifts for Rameses I (Cedric Hardwicke). And what can you say about Edward G. Robinson? On paper, his casting in a Biblical epic seems rather mindless, but by the time Moses' followers languished in the desert, he really hit stride trying to undermine the whole enterprise. And for cinema fans, the coup de grace of course is the parting of The Red Sea in all it's pre-CGI glory. I read about how DeMille did it once, using combined footage of the Red Sea with scenes from the Paramount backlot using a huge water tank split by a U-shaped trough. It was the most difficult special effect ever to be attempted at that time, and to it's credit, is still impressive to watch today. It's got 'how did they do that' written all over it.
8 We are facing one of the most consecrated biblical epics ever made and the magnum opus of Cecil B. DeMille. The story is well known, most people know the Bible even without having read it. Concerning the work of the cast, it's great even if we consider that they're overly theatrical and lack here some veracity and naturalness, essential to play in cinema. Charlton Heston is the great actor of the film, in the role of Moses. Yul Brynner was also excellent as Pharaoh Ramses, as Anne Baxter in the role of Nefretiri. Edward G. Robinson surprises in the role of the hypocrite Dathan. But what makes this film particularly intense is the beauty it has. The setting is one of the biggest that Hollywood has ever made, with thousands of extras with carefully detailed period costumes. Everything was thought to the detail and we love all this visual show. Of course, historical accuracy has been left in the background. DeMille had his school on Broadway and might not attach much importance to the historical details but knew how to make a great show. The visual and special effects are quite realistic, the state of the art of cinema of this time, and still can seem credible today, more than fifty years after it's premiere. The soundtrack of Elmer Bernstein is strident, betting heavily on metals and percussion, in a clearly symphonic style that was thought to make everything even more grandiose. In short: it's a consecrated epic that many people still watch, almost religiously, at Easter (in Portugal it's normal to be broadcast on TV in this period, year after year). The big problem of this film is the very theatrical dialogue and acting. It looks like theater. But we can forgive this fault because it's more or less overshadowed by the visual and sound show.
7 April 2000 Nobody ever wants to see a movie more than once because the quality and charm of the movies of today are just not enough to coax you to. But every once in a while there comes a movie which, firstly never lets you take your eyes off the screen for the full length of its feature and secondly,makes you want to watch it over and over again without boring you. Not only that, the more times you watch it, you feel that you missed something the last time. Cecil B. DeMille's THE TEN COMMANDMENTS is that kind of a movie. There have been many movies made on the topic of this Hebrew born prince of Egypt, but none compare to the way in which it has been portrayed in THE TEN COMMANDMENTS. There are a number of reasons for that:1. When casting the role of Moses, Charlton Heston was chosen above all others including Bert Lancaster, not because of his knowledge of the Bible, but of his striking Physical resemblance to Michelangelo's sculpture of Moses especially the facial structure not to mention the stout build of a prince.2. The sets for the film were specially designed and the splendour of ancient Egypt in all its glory was recreated especially for this movie.3. The role of Rameses II was given to Yul Brynner after DeMille observed his magnificent performance as the King of Siam in Rodgers & Hammerstein's THE KING AND I, confirming that he is well suited for a stubburn and malificent heir to the Egyptian throne.It was not only Heston as Moses who made this movie a success, but all the elements that came together, the cast of thousands, the special effects,the costumes, the sets and most of all the simply unbelievable "parting of the red sea".It is a wonder why this movie only received one oscar; that of the Special effects, yet I think it deserved alot more. It did not even strike at the box office. Even then it never fails to enchant millions, no matter what religion they follow. Movies like THE TEN COMMANDMENTS and it success in the hearts of millions, shows quite clearly that a movie, in order to be loved by millions the world over, does not necessarily have to strike gold at the box office.To watch this film, you don't have to believe in God, but if you believe in good triumphing over evil and freedom from slavery of foreign masters, then this is the movie for you.
9 The parting of the red sea! The confrontation at Mount Sinai! This movie is full of spectacular scenes and images! De Mille truly was a great filmmaker. His powerful imagination is evident in the Ten Commandments. This is his masterpiece. It carries you along on an epic adventure that is as big as the old testament. It captures the ancient, epic feel of the original Bible story. It has several stunning performances that could have easily been cheesy and fake, but are convincing and fascinating. Some say that the dialog is campy. I don't think so. I've seen this movie many times and have never thought so. It's nothing like the terrible dialog in Plan 9 From Outer Space from the same decade. The romance may be a cliché now, but it was quite original when it first came out and is still interesting. I personally don't like romance, so the fact that I wasn't bothered by this one is really saying something. This marvelous story is wonderfully told by De Mille and I would strongly recommend it.
7 To mount an epic movie based on the story of Moses delivering the slaves out of Egypt is an ambitious and logistically challenging task at the best of times. To have done this in 1956, without the aid of computer-enhanced effects for believable crowd scenes or real-looking historical sets, is more remarkable still. When our screen is filled with tens of thousands of soldiers or slaves, stretching right to the horizon, what you see on the screen really was in front of the camera. That level of resourcefulness and organisation is staggering to think about, and makes The Ten Commandments an admirable achievement by any standards. Having said that, there are moments when you might find that the epic proportions of what is before your eyes creates a stronger impression than the "divinely inspired story" (as Cecil B. DeMille calls it in his introductory speech).It is prophesised in Ancient Egypt that a Hebrew slave will be born who will one day deliver the other slaves from a life in chains and lead them to freedom. Jittery, the pharaoh demands that all first-born Hebrew babies must be slain to prevent the prophecy from coming true. One Hebrew family put their baby son into a basket and cast him onto the Nile, hoping that he will somehow reach safety from this awful fate. Instead, the baby floats right into the gardens of a royal palace, where he is found by Bithiah (Nina Foch) She takes the baby as her own and names him Moses. Years later, Moses has grown up within the Egyptian royal family and is revered as a noble, wise and resourceful Prince of Egypt. One day he may even become the next pharaoh, much to the envy of the existing pharoah's birth son Ramases (Yul Brynner). Moses and Ramases are also locked in a battle for the affections  and eventual hand in marriage  of the beautiful Nefertiri (Anne Baxter). Ramases spends most of his time plotting a way to discredit Moses so that he might beat him in their mutual race for the throne and the woman of their desires. Then, unexpectedly, Moses learns about his true ancestry. When he discovers that he is, in fact, of Hebrew birth parents he forsakes his royal status and becomes a slave. After many years of hardship - including a long period of being banished into the wilderness - Moses learns from God that he has been chosen to deliver the slaves from their appalling existence in captivity. He returns to Egypt and leads his people to freedom.Cecil B. DeMille had already made this film, under the same title, in 1923. This lavish and expensive remake is a better film though. Heston is excellent as Moses  the role requires tremendous presence, and he provides it in abundance. Brynner is also very good as Ramases, etching a character whose burning envy towards his rival is convincing and memorable. At times, the dialogue is a little stilted and lofty; at other times it is actually quite eloquent (the parts narrated by De Mille himself are especially articulate). Elmer Bernstein's score is appropriately stirring, and the cinematography by Loyal Griggs is truly outstanding (hard to accept that Griggs lost out in the Oscars that year to Lionel Lindon's work in Around The World In 80 Days!!) The Ten Commandments features some fabulous cinematic highlights  the 10th plague, the parting of the sea, and the writing of the commandments are a few that spring to mind. In between the highlights the film has its lulls, but even at an elephantine 220 minutes it never lapses into total boredom, and is well worth catching if you're a fan of biblical epics or old-style Hollywood pageants.
10 "The Ten Commandments" is a milestone film. For some, those of us in their 50's or older, it represents the end of an era: Some call it "The Golden Age of Hollywood"; the beginning of the end of the studio system; and the end of a period in which the real founders of the "public art" took, or began to take, their final bows -- DeMille, Zukor, Goldwyn, Selznick, and others.For those of us who saw "The Ten Commandments" on the big screen and in one of the now extinct gilded movie palaces of yesteryear, the picture holds special memories. There is a sense of nostalgia that accompanies any new viewing of this one-of-a-kind Victorian pageant. For many, I'm sure, the nostalgia extends beyond the film itself.There were problems in the mid-fifties, as in every decade since the real Moses came down from Mount Sinai. Polio, the continuing menace of poverty, the material and spiritual separateness of what we called "colored people", Communism, etc. But . . . there were virtues too, many reflected in the writing and performances of "The Ten Commandments": Virtues like courage, strength of character, personal honor, and endurance were paramount (no pun intended). The biggest problem in schools was students chewing gum in class. Today, it's students "shooting-up" in parking lots or shooting down their classmates in the halls. . . America had an identity then.DeMille's vision was, always, of "an ideal". He painstakingly produced authentic looking packages in which to wrap his vision -- embellished by the "glitz" of what was, then, the "ideal" Hollywood portrait: Bluer than blue skies; shimmering, jewel-encrusted costumes; out-sized architecture; dramatically convenient thunderbolts; and perfectly lovely female leads, with make-up invariably and predictably un-smudged. DeMille gave his audience what they expected from an "A" picture. He wasn't interested in realism. His idea was to reinforce values he'd learned from his parents and his brother (a noted playwright) in a dramatic format which could be "felt" by young and old, alike . . . more a reverence for time-honored principles than the analytical, ironic, and questioning approach dominant in the films of today. There was in the 50's and the 40's a more amicable attitude toward "orthodoxy" -- in all its forms. Hence, the overwhelming popularity of every DeMille production released during that period.After fifty years, "The Ten Commandments" is still impressive visually, dramatically, and especially in terms of the intensity of its convictions (reflected in all the biographies of the principals) . . . something which cannot be said of many similar big-budget pictures of the same era.One day, someone may attempt a re-make. Expect that it will be visually impressive and less "stagy". But . . . expect, as well, that it will be punctuated with the obligatory mandates of political correctness; an uncertainty about its message; and a healthy dose of Twenty-First Century cynicism. It will be more "realistic" to be sure, but far less "authentic" -- like a perfume ad, physically attractive, but without a "heart".
8 THE TEN COMMANDMENTS is a film that I'd never watched previously but which quickly went to the top of my list of favourite Biblical films on viewing. Undoubtedly this is a crowning masterpiece from director Cecil B. DeMille, an all-star epic that plays out over a near four hours yet remains awe-inspiring and engrossing throughout. What I loved most here were the visuals; the colour is glorious and the huge sets and colourful costumes look wonderful on screen. You can even forgive the dated back projection as the vistas displayed are so wonderful. The story of Moses will be familiar to many viewers, but it's told here with spectacle and aplomb, enlivened by top performances from Charlton Heston and Yul Brynner and a quite wonderful supporting cast (including a surprise appearance from a personal favourite, Vincent Price).
10 1. Thou Shalt Create a magnificent symphonic score.
2. Thou shalt assemble beautiful looking stars in the leading roles.
3. Thou shalt have some religious feeling, but not too much.
4. Thou shalt not bore the audience.
5, Thou shalt use technicolor.
6. Thou shalt spend a fortune in order to make an even bigge one.
7. Thou shalt not be subtle.
8. Thou shalt limit the use of dancing women.
9. Thou shalt have the courage to have an intermission.
10.Thou shalt use special effects that will knock socks off.
5 February 2009 Cecil B. DeMille's epic masterpiece is one large movie. Large in terms of lavish sets, in terms of costume, in terms of acting, in terms of budget, in terms of music, in terms of running time, in terms of cast and so it goes on. It pretty much has all the ingredients of a grand classic and uses them all to the fullest. The lighting and vibrant colours light the screen. The cinematography and effects are quite good. Even though some of the special effects may look dated today, it works for this film and is a nostalgic break from the CGI. Bernstein's music is dramatic but likable.The acting is very theatrical but it all fits with the context of the film. The legendary Charlton Heston has immortalized the role of Moses on screen. No one else has been able to match up to Heston in playing him. Yul Brynner is majestic and intimidating as Rameses. Another role I doubt anyone could have done better. Anne Baxter plays her role like the typical heroine/temptress of the 50s and she is very enjoyable to watch, especially her line delivery, body language and reaction. The rest of the cast are stiff and funny but equally entertaining.Even past more than 50 years, the film feels like a grand epic and authentic with a capital 'A'. While a majority of recent big films lack heart, 'The Ten Commandments' has that even though the picture itself is over the top. I watched the film several times as a kid and loved it. Years later, I finally got the DVD and the film still amazes me.
9 This biblical epic provides a sensational cinematic experience in every sense of the word. With visual effects equalling other classics such as 2001: A Space Odyssey, it is an absolute delight to the eyes.A lot of the outdoor scenes have gorgeous backdrops ( A couple of them look somewhat dated, most notably scenes in which animated fire is added. ) but it is an extremely impressive film visually for in the time it was made. A lot of shots in the latter half of the movie feature hundreds of extras flowing across the screen like an epic orchestral piece. There are too many incredible images to name, but the one that stands out is ofcourse the incredible sequence in parting the Red Sea. The entire chariot sequence before that is also beautiful in its cinematography. It is an incredible feast of colour all around. The music by Elmer Bernstein is also an excellent epic orchestral piece and adds to the epic value of the movie.While lacking the emotional value of for example the similar Ben-Hur made three years later also starring Charlton Heston, this does not detract the film from being any less spectacular. This spectacle will constantly fill you with absolute beautiful images and the sheer epic nature of this masterpiece alone will make you lessen the need for an enormous emotional impact.The performances are all incredible too, with Heston in his usual biblical main role giving off an exceptional performance with a lot of character development in his role & Yul Brynner playing the cold and calculating villain as no other.As an atheïst i am not blinded by 'Simplistic christian propaganda' in this film as some say it is full off, but i disagree. It is irrelevant if you are a Christian or not. To see the beauty in this film, all you need is a pair of eyes and the brain to absord it in.All in all, this spectaculair motion picture will leave you in awe and make you feel sorry once more that movies like this aren't being made anymore due to todays social constructs.
9 Probably the best Bible movie ever made. It's a very exhilarating experience. Everything is just so grand: the music, the sets, the whole scope of the story, and even the acting. Charlton Heston as Moses is truly one of the greatest heroes of all time. Such an epic and beautiful film, this is one everyone must see. Even if you're not religious there's so much in store with this film. A masterpiece.
9 So let it be written - so let it be done! This is an all-time classic, which probably deserves more attention that it has got. Yes, it's hammy sometimes, cheezy too, but always good value, the special effects are excellent for its age, and the whole thing has EPIC written all over it. Charlton Heston gives an excellent performance as Moses, Edward G Robinson is suitably nefarious as Dathan, and there's great performances all round from Anne Baxter and Yul Brynner. The expression "total cinema" always comes to mind, and it stands up perfectly to repeated viewings... especially around Passover.
10 Undoubtedly my religious views color my perception of the film but DeMille's jocular, spectacle style does not lend itself to nuanced human drama. Instead, this film is a pitched melodrama built around some frankly silly concepts but for all that the film is highly enjoyable. As DeMille's final directed feature it is more than a fitting swan song; it is cromulent summation of DeMille's career.The film is at its best when the focus is panoramic and dealing with the large strokes of the story. the film's production values are illustrative like a comic version of the Bible. If nothing else the film strikes the eye in its grandeur. The parting of the Red Sea is one of the more successful effects of the 50's. While other effects are not as polished the film still manages to be an engaging body of technical work.The performances are uniformly engaging-which isn't necessarily to say good. Heston is bombastic and the rest of the cast try to keep up with him. The actors all look the part but do not expect nuance here. This is a old fashioned adventure. It is best to leave the film at that level.
10 The Ten Commandments is one of the greatest movies ever made in the history of American cinema. It has all the elements of a great movie: a great story, great acting, lots of action, lots of romance, lots of conflict, all tied into a coherent story that has a beginning, a middle and and end. The movie engages and then keeps the audience's attention. One cannot help but root for Moses to succeed. He is the symbol of righteousness and hope, and of a man who is chosen to do great things, not for material gain but for a much more sublime purpose: to liberate people from oppression, in this case real, grinding oppression. The movie contains many scenes that today are iconic: his service to Pharoah, his return to the Pharoah's court in chains, his love affair with Nefretiri, and most of all, the court scene with Rameses, the parting of the Red Sea and his return from atop Mount Sinai with the Ten Commandments. This movies succeeds in withstanding the test of time. It is either dated nor corny. The acting is superb. Every member of the cast, from top billed to the thousands of background extras, deliver powerful performances. In this movie the background extras play a prominent role. For this movie is not about a few persons. it is about a moment in history that affected and changed the whole world. Moses is on a mission and nothing will stop him from fulfilling what is his destiny. Moses forfeits all material wealth to serve a higher cause, the cause of freedom. The movie is over three and half hours long, but time flies when watching this movie. That is because there is nonstop action. Everything in this story is intense. People are being ruined but through faith attain salvation. In the movie, Moses was not a fraud. He is not a false prophet. He delivers on his promises. He is a hero, and who doesn't like watching someone be a hero?
10 Since seeing it as a boy, "The Ten Commandments" was one of the best and most influential epics I've ever seen! After the movie being over 50 years in age, I still considered it as being one of the best and most influential of films. Here's why: The story: Based off of the Holy Scriptures and the other related books, the film bases is about the tale of Moses. The film follows closely (some of it fictionalized), as Moses rises from fame and glory, to exile and hopeless, and to then crossing the path of the spiritual. There he becomes one of ancient history's most inspiring and unforgettable heroes, as he leads his people, the imprisoned Hebrews, to salvation from the grasps of the cruel tyranny of the Egyptians. Supported by the moving narration of Cecil B. Demille, the story flourishes and makes you believe in it.The Acting: Charlton Heston, as the lead, gave a very compelling and believable role as Moses. From his words of cool wisdom, to his thunderous shouts, he is not only a thespian, but a pure image of Moses. In second billing, Yul Brynner is likewise astounding. His performance of Ramses the II was cold, powerful, and unsympathetic to the imprisoned Hebrews.And in addition is Anne Baxter, who plays very, very well as the tempting, seductive, and deceptive Nefeteri. She can either be easily adored, or despised. There are countless other cast members, such as: John Derek, Edward J. Robinson, John Carradine, Sir Edward Hardwicke, any many more faces were all fit and believable in their roles.The Film-making: Till this day, in my mind, it is amazing to watch. From its massive production design (one of the largest recorded in Hollywood history), to the costume designs, the lighting, colorization, and the thousands of extras that floods the picture with an authentic grandeur, it is outstanding. Added to this, the music composed by Elmer Bernstein is pounding and uplifting.Astonishing! Engulfing! Though-provoking! Brilliant! Vivid! Magnitude! I could only praise it, even if it is nearly a four hour film. (for me, the four hours flew by). This is one of the few epic films that follows the three main guidelines needed for an epic on such a grand scale: story, acting, and film-making talent. There's without doubt after seeing this film, your mind will be stuck on it for days.**** out of ****
7 No, it is not a Great Film. It is pompous, preachy, ludicrously self important and, for much of its length, surprisingly static, more a series of Dramatic and Instructive Tableaux than a motion picture. Guess what? It doesn't matter! There are those who accept it on its own terms and revere it, those who relish it as an example of grand scale, baroque movie making, and those who love it for its camp value, as in the early scenes when Brynner and Heston go chest to chest.So whatever your approach, settle in and enjoy. You won't see the likes of this again.
2 I'm a sci-fi junkie and I can enjoy a stupid, mindless action flick. I still find Armageddon highly entertaining to this day. I'm the kind of person who loves these kinds of movies. Except when they're complete trash like this one.This movie is terrible and has almost no redeeming qualities. The only thing I mildly enjoyed was some cool-looking scenes of destruction. Even the space stuff, which is normally an automatic plus for me, added nothing. Maybe it's missing the feel of space that good directors like Christopher Nolan are able to capture. Or maybe it's because I didn't care about the story or the characters even a tiny bit.Speaking of characters... what characters? They're all cardboard cutouts. You have zero investment in any of them. They spew lines of atrocious dialogue that sound like they were written by a computer program.While watching this, I kept noticing different things copied from various movies. This is fine if the movie is well-made, or if the copying is just for a portion of the movie. But this movie is poorly-made, and the copying seems to make up the entire thing.And while each of the movies it stole from likely delved deep into that concept, this movie just throws it in there as an afterthought. There are so many useless side plots. These are things that could have worked if they narrowed it down and focused on a couple.This movie is really dumb. I kept trying to forgive the flaws and give it a chance, but less than halfway through I started laughing at the stupidity. I had to make sure I didn't laugh too loud in case someone was enjoying it somehow.Seriously, I can't emphasize how dumb this movie is. Throughout. And I don't just mean the science and lack of believability, I can get past that. But very simple things like, for example, when a character tells another, "You're the only one who believed me." And I think to myself, "Wait... WHAT??? He didn't believe you and had security escort you off the premises." The movie is jam-packed with this type of nonsense.In the end, if you can't, at the very least, deliver entertaining mayhem, then you have failed. (1 viewing, opening night 2/3/2022)
6 6/10 - with the visuals of a true space blockbuster, this B movie features nonsensical dialogue, many many charcaters that serve absolutely no purpose, and an absolutely insane third act...but nonetheless, it's fun.
1 Another Emmerich mess. A Big budget wasted in a sloppy execution and a handful of stars acting by paycheck won't save a hollow script. I wonder how many professional or talented amateur writers found their work denied and how on Earth (or Moon if you like) scripts like this are produced. Rubbish! And I'm not insulting anyone, I'm just judging what I saw.
7 Roland Emmerich likes to have fun and blow up large stuff. With Moonfall, he blows up the Moon itself! Well, sort of. If you want this film to make sense, to show artistic qualities or make you ponder important questions about the nature and origin of humanity, you're in the wrong place. Instead, you have to imagine Emmerich as a little child who was given toys and who creates a completely bogus story that uses all of them together to maximum entertainment effect. That is it. You either laugh your behind off and enjoy the show or this movie is not for you.
4 Jesus this was bad! 😂😂 I can't imagine what the hell halle berry etc thought when they first read the script. They must have died laughing.Worse than The Meg with at least 2 random mentions of China to ensure distribution rights.If you accept this is terrible, have a few drinks and watch it with friends at home - drink every time they say 'moon'. Do not pay money to see it though.
3 It's been quite some time since I've seen a cast full of talented, well-regarded actors all give performances that are this terrible. To be fair, given this dialogue, I don't think any actor could have pulled off a good performance.This screenplay was written by guys who have never talked to another human being before. Every line of dialogue is contrived and laughably on the nose, with exposition delivered in a way that sometimes makes Marvel's Eternals feel like a masterclass of writing.The story has enough logical holes to fit the moon through. Convenience piles on top of convenience to make catastrophe possible, and then to help the characters survive the catastrophe. It's a script that can't withstand even the slightest amount of logical thought.Moonfall makes just as little sense as 2012, and the characters are just as dull. But, in a way, this film is the more disappointing one because of how much better it could have been.The character introductions and the setup for the emotional conflicts that these characters are experiencing with each other are actually compelling and somewhat competent. But the writers do NOTHING with these conflicts once they're established. Nobody learns anything; nobody actually overcomes anything or changes at all.Not that a movie like this really needs masterful character development, but it at least needs something, ANYTHING to make us care and want these characters to succeed. But there's nothing.Not even the visual effects are particularly good; they're certainly not bad, but no improvements have been made since the 2009 release of 2012, which looked groundbreaking at the time.Still, I didn't hate watching this. I found myself mesmerised at how the filmmakers were literally dropping the ball every step of the way. If that sort of thing gives you enjoyment, then see this on the biggest screen that you can!
2 Watching the trailer, I stuck with Zendaya's MJ's rule; 'Expect disappointment so that you can never really be disappointed.' Except that this was beyond worse than what we had imagined.I like the idea of the film, that the moon is a threat to humanity. It's different but that's the only excellent thing to say about it. Other than that, it's a threat to our IQ.The biggest fault with Moonfall is that it fails to project the most basic principle to making a good disaster film which is creating a sense of fear for the audience. It almost doesn't have any, resulting in a boring entry. I did not get scared or restless, it didn't connect with me on a deeper level and it certainly doesn't have a good story to keep us at the edge of our seat hence, I couldn't care less if anyone dies. I didn't have the urgency to follow all the important people trying to put a stop from the catastrophic event because they throw all stakes out the window just like the Fast & Furious franchise. The main characters are ordinary people built extraordinarily strong.Adding the grim fact that Moonfall includes aliens composed of A. I and technology while also trying to relate to the audience by making it realistic, it falls down to the bottom of the abyss quickly. It doesn't work like other alien-based films like Prometheus or War of the Worlds did where they succeed in creating fear, showing people panicking while sucking us inside the experience.Yes, we are supposed to surrender from the sheer silliness of it but how can we when we are made to believe that its law of physics and world principles should follow ours and they broke every threshold to the point that we feel like this is a spin-off of the Transformers franchise.This marketed end-of-the-world disaster flick film is extremely ridiculous, even if you suspend your disbelief, you would never get your head around the plot. Not because you're dumb, but because the movie is, and I mean REALLY, REALLY dumb. It's like it's been written by Roland Emmerich's son and his dad helped him by putting scientific jargons to make it believable. Only if it did. 😩 And here I thought Independence Day 2: Resurgence was a trash, Moonfall is a shame to humanity's existence.Usually the end of the world presents seas of people running away, but Moonfall doesn't. It's a blockbuster movie about apocalypse and yet, it feels small at times. There even isn't that many shots that 'wow' us with horrific sceneries or powerful images like 2012 or The Day After Tomorrow. Even the CGI isn't all that good especially when a person is talking mid-shot and the CGI looks awful in the background.Now don't get me started with the cheap comedy. I'm confused whether it's intended to make us annoyed or laugh cause I didn't laugh one bit and neither did the audience I was with.I know loving or hating a film is fully entitled to a person's taste and opinion but this movie is so bad, I dare to say this; if you like the film, you are an immature person and you have a bad taste.Okay, maybe some of you are asking me to calm down as you're reading this but imagine the hundreds or thousands of scripts just stacking there in the room, unread because it's written by a nobody or it's got some minor English errors. And they chose this to be greenlit amongst those??? It saddens me that the political game of the Hollywood industry has come to this. Emmerich was a great director but his ideas have now diluted less and less.Verdict: Just when you thought Fast 9 is the most ridiculous film ever made, Moonfall steals the baton happily from its opponent. By far, the worst film of 2022.
7 So if you want to enjoy this movie ,disable your brain for a few hours,and let it all happen.If you do that,you might have a good 2 hours,like I did.Yes it's popcorn Sci-fi ,and sometimes it's good to watch movies like this. Special fx are awesome and it is spectacular. No ,it will never get Oscar for acting or original script or whatever. That's a deep - in this movie.But,..hey! I had fun. My score 6.7.
1 1 star dialogue. "you do know how to start a car right?" she says. And he replies, "I should warn you, I had my license revoked." Smirk.Lets have a mission launch date and time, and then tell everyone to go home before it kicks off. Then find a solution 3 minutes later and everyone is disappeared and not available.A bad mix of 2012, Armageddon, The Core and other b rated films. Then make it worse. Talk about the wrong stuff. This is just terrible in all aspects.More great dialogue. "You can't be serious." "We didn't come this far to fail."
"There's gotta be another way."
"God help us all."The ending has to be rated on a 50 scale, as in 3/50. Seriously that bad.No wonder this director only gets to make a film every 5-8 years. Only 8 in 26yrs. And he happened to have something decent with Stargate and got a spinoff. Next movie out in 2030, I'll pass.
1 This film is feels like a parody of other Roland Emmerich. It honestly feels like Roland Emmerich saw F9 (2021) & he made this film just to say, You people think that F9 was a stupid film, you thought that was stupid crap, well guess what I'm going to make something even more stupid." This was 2-hours of stupidity that I chose to fast forward a lo t of the film just to shorter my suffering. Overall, Moonfall (2022) is an abysmal film & it's easily Roland Emmerich's 2nd worst film behind Godzilla (1998).
4 It may seem far too early in the year to be claiming such things but it's going to take something truly special (seriously random) for my personal favorite final scene of the year to be anything but Moonfall's need to be seen effort.Without dwelling on that for any longer or entering in spoiler territory overload, it's onto the important matter at hand of exploring Roland Emmerich's latest city/landmark destroying blockbuster.To describe Moonfall as ludicrous, preposterous and utterly bonkers would be underselling just how out there Emmerich's big, dumb and even sometimes fun new film is, as while you may be expecting a typical astronauts and the government save the world from a hurtling towards the Earth Moon type of film, Moonfall goes to many an unexpected place that must surely make it a genuine contender for what will be one of 2022's most bizarre blockbusters.A director who has well and truly given up being anything his not, Emmerich's latest effort is very much cut from the same cloth as his most renowned blockbusters such as Independence Day, Godzilla, The Day After Tomorrow and 2012 and for anyone expecting any type of nuance to be present in Moonfall you're heading for a rude shock, as the films daft script, B-grade worthy performances and pointless/ridiculous plot points and characters litter almost every scene of the films two hour plus runtime.Thankfully it appears as though Emmerich and his cast that includes the paycheck collecting duo of Halle Berry and Patrick Wilson as NASA employees Jocinda Fowl and Brian Harper, Game of Thrones John Bradley as wannabe doctor and mathematician wizz KC Houseman and a few why even bother appearances from Michael Pena and Donald Sutherland all were on the same page with Moonfall's insane premise, meaning that there is fun to be had from watching Catwoman, Ed Warren and Samwell Tarley head to the moon to save humankind, especially as the films unexpected late acts take hold.If you as a viewer fail to get on the same wavelength as the film from the early stages its likely Emmerich's unrefined, loud and CGI infested event will quickly become a film that is hard too sit through, as there's little reason to recommend this film in such a content heavy time for films of all shapes and sizes but there's an argument to be made that these type of daft but knowingly so films have a time and place in our marketplace, despite there being no reason for it to exist outside of mindless entertainment.Final Say -One of Roland Emmerich's most out there carnage-filled blockbusters yet full of cringe and head scratching moments, Moonfall is even more crazy than one might've expected but provides the exact type of experience one would expect from a filmmaker that has long since passed the time where he tried to be anything that his not.2 Fuzz Aldrin's out of 5For more reviews check out Jordan and Eddie (The Movie Guys)
5 If you watch a disaster movie made by Roland Emmerich you get what you expect: big explosions, fine work by the special departments and a rather simple story with forgettable characters. Moonfall is no exception - get your coke and pop-corn, lay back and enjoy the show. But in the case you don't like that kind of big screen disaster movies, don't bother.
2 I really can't express how much I hated this film. I went in with my brain turned off, expecting a dumb fun disaster film with some crazy fun set pieces. Instead the first hour was a dour slog with uninteresting characters, while the second half was utterly insane (in a bad way).The film's premise is simple. The moon is falling, can Earth surivive? But instead the film decides is going to try to offer a cerebral and complex backstory to the moon for some reason. In a 10 minute exposition dumb, Patrick Wilson learns that humans actually originated from a halo ring, but then ai rose up and took over nanoparticles to kill humans, so the humans made 1000 moons and flew them to different parts of the galaxy??? What?This plot twist is so dumb, immediatley after it happens, Wilson has to re-explain what he just learned to the other characters (and the audience who is clearly baffled).Meanwhile, there's a super dull survival plot on Earth with characters you don't care about. There's one mildly entertaining car chase which lasts 2 minutes tops.I can't describe how bad this film is. The only thing I liked were the cool cgi shots of the moon plummeting to earth and the asteroids.AVOID.
5 Being a Millennial, I can attest to our generation that it was a great time to be alive with "Independence Day" and "Godzilla" being some of our favorite tween-age blow-up-knock-down action movies to go see with our friends in the theater 3 times in the same day, with campy yet lovable characters like Will Smith and Jeff Goldblum. Those were the days. I still enjoy watching those flicks from time to time - not just for the nostalgia. They are still quite entertaining in their own right.Now we have "Moonfall" some 25 years later. Cut from the same construction paper, but more like pieces of old scripts from Roland Emmerich's late '90s writing room shredder taped together in hopes the characters and dialog would be usable in telling the grandiose destructo-type story instead of just talking props. Speaking of which, I give props to Halle Berry, Patrick Wilson, and John Bradley (who actually had a solid character to go with his style) for trying, but it simply wasn't enough.I've listened to commentaries and interviews with Emmerich and I personally think he doesn't have good instincts on how to put a balanced action film together since the mid 2000s (with the ID4 sequel, if you watch the deleted scenes cut what would've been the best and most meaningful scenes of the entire movie) with the aim of just going big and loud, using any means whatsoever. It works...until it doesn't. Action fatigue sets in frequently in this and many of his recent past movies. It's alarming when I am physically incapable of caring less about the world ending than watching these characters attempt to get from beginning to end - in fact, there was no palpable peril despite the entire earth getting properly f'ed up, we only see it in overhead shots of floods and earthquakes and meteorites (I think COVID may have had something to do with not being able to have scenes with dozens of extras on the ground clamoring over each other like in all other action flicks from the days of yore).However, the concept was intriguing and in my opinion, pretty great. It reminds me of Arthur C. Clarke's "Rendezvous with Rama" but with the Moon instead of a floating cylinder in space. I really did enjoy watching the last 20-30 mins or so play out after an hour and a half of random skipping around characters trying to hatch the plan to get us to that point while trying to make the audience like and/or care. If the script had half the heart and good campiness of something like "Independence Day", it definitely could have kicked my rating up a little.Wait for streaming.
6 Emmerich - who you gonna hire when it comes to a movie of this kind and calibre? I mean one is almost tempted to say that he is doing one thing in different forms/movies. There are elements from so many other movies here. Be it in the characters or the themes of the movie. The important question though is: can you suspend your disbelief? And I don't mean just a little! I am talking about all the way here.And if you've done that, all the cliches come out and they will make you cringe. The characters feel like they have a story put upon them. You'll either find certain things gullible or plain offensive to your taste buds. The special effects are top notch, the dialog not so much. Many moments that feel ... lame quite frankly. The whole patriotism thing is to be expected - but that doesn't make it any better either. Michael Pena feels underused - I don't hate him - which may be just enough I reckon (pun intended).Patrick Wilson and Halle Berry are the ones that save the day (no pun intended). John Bradley may be the wild card - but he also is hit and miss. His character that is, he is trying his best I'd say. Just never critisize the conspiracy guy from Godzilla versus Kong ever again, if you actually love this character right here.Nothing more to say here other than it is quite rich, that Emmerich critisizes Star Wars and the MCU when he is unable to make a coherent Blockbuster of his own, that at times make Fast and Furious look like it's legit and realistic ... I know, right? But as you can see in my rating, I didn't mind too much ... or rather I'm being "kind" again - something I have been accused of a lot anyway.
1 Cannot be a worse movie out right now. I tried three times to watch and finish the film. Couldn't do it - don't waste your time or money. I BOUGHT this movie to see it early. HUGE lapse in judgement on my part. It's simply unbearably bad. Not bad like the 1960s classic sci-fi films that were bad in a funny way. Just plain bad bad. 😑👎👎💣
3 Or give him a screenwriter. This is absolutely the biggest piece of trash yet. Extremely poor writing filled with cliches, trite comments, expected plots and the comic second banana. And the plot???? Gawd!!!!! The moon is hollow???? I spent part of the time. They've resusitated the characters for 2012 and INDEPENDENCE DAY and given them a new plot twist. It was so bad, I almost left halfway thru, (and I got in for free), but I decided to stay because I wanted to match the currect characters with those in the other films. Wait til it shows up on tv in 4 weeks and then for $5.99 groan with the friends and family. This is a stinker - 3 stars is generous!
1 Absolutely nothing about this film's fine, the cast and crew are stuffed full of moonshine, with a dialogue for loons (or lunes), a dead cert for lampoons, what a celestial cinematic waste of time.We all know the moon's made of cheese!
2 Entertaining plot concept but either far too serious and too slow with not enough crazy or exciting moments or far too preposterous to be taken seriously. The special effects are sometimes spectacular but nothing new, the plot has major issues and the pacing is awful as it jumps back and forth between the different groups. The leads are ok, but the supporting character are poorly written and acted and the few jokes weren't funny.
1 What was this moronical madness? Lost in space? Et? Cocoon? NO! As they were all worth watching. However this mess is not. The acting is dead, a complete mismatch of actors and the storyline is beyond a joke. Then the same old USA saves the world via Hollywood but normaly with a good script, actors and possibly even a soundtrack, yet this farce missed all of them. And on that note it's a 1 and that's being so kind ..
5 February 2022 Of course, those who are not picky will love it.But Roland Emmerich , previously with Dean Devlin and now solo, has always been a futile and superficial director in the treatment of these scripts. And it's a shame, because they are great plots, but they lack talent and brains in charge. And while the catastrophe genre is appealing and Emmerich likes to involve in it , he's like the party entertainer with jokes that only he laughs at.Looking at his resume, you can see that he has great intentions that he doesn't know how to develop. For those who remember, 2012 (Geez!), The Day After Tomorrow, 1998's Godzilla, Independence Day and even The Patriot are good examples of this. You watch it, enjoy it, but when it ends, you get that impression of "it could have been better" or "this premise promised much more". It's always the same thing.When I saw his name linked to the production, I was already thinking "Hey! Here comes bland food...".Verdict: weak. It gets a 5.0, just for some special effects. But the nonsense development of the plot and the mediocre solutions destroy the film's progress.
2 Geez louise. I can't even tell you how awful this movie is. I like silly sci fi like the best of them but this was just down right stupid. It was so awful I didn't even think it was fun. This movie is disjointed with poor writing and poor acting. You would think it would be better than this considering these actors. I didn't care one bit for these characters and kept thinking the moon needs to crash and burn and put them out of their misery. Not even a good pop corn flick like many other silly sci fi movies ie, Armageddon, Deep Impact, Geo storm.......no this ignorant movie couldn't even come up to the level of those stilly movies were...Awful, awful movie. One of the worst I have seen for a while....
4 Sadly, this thing stinks. Your guess is as good as mine as to what is going on. Something about the moon being built by ancient aliens, who happen to be our very distant relatives. An a.i. Monster lives inside with bad intentions. I think that's it. Halle berry is miscast and i'm still waiting for michael pena to become a movie star. This turkey won't help. It looks expensive, though. Whether they get back the 140 mil budget looks doubtful.
4 Moonfall is a very frustrating and boring watch.It joins a long list of movies where a passable premise is tortured to death by the injection of dubious sci-fi, tired cliches, and uninteresting characters.Despite the best efforts of Halle Berry, Patrick Wilson, and John Bradley who each put in decent performances, the weak script could not be salvaged.The plot was bogged down by unnecessary human drama (two divorced adults and a joyriding teen are flung at us early doors), with none of this drama particularly compelling. The elements of the plot that were focused on the moon and the disaster element were better, but became increasingly messy and uninspired.A lot of the CGI was surprisingly bad for a big budget blockbuster. Some elements were quite cool, such as the shots of the giant moon looming over the horizon, but the rest was underwhelming.At only 2 hours long though, Moonfall thankfully doesn't become too self indulgent. It's a shame as I think there was a better film to be had here given the original premise. At the very least this film should have been a fun ride, but that wasn't the case.One to miss unfortunately.
7 Greetings from Lithuania.If you are on a boring weekend, and it happens that you have a few free hours to waste, some light alcohol nearby and something to eat and you are looking for a movie like "Interstellar", " 2001 Space Odyssey", "Spaceballs" and "Armageddon" (wait what??) - look no were else - "Moonfall" (2022) is a mix of all those movies and with some flavor of Star Wars. I kid you not. And don't forget to turn your brain off."Moonfall" is a latest disaster sci=fi movie from Roland Emmerich and if you have seen any of his movies before, you know what you will get here. I got exactly what i wanted to - a mindless yet actually solidly made nonsense that was well paced and directed - at running time 2 h i wasn't bored and as a huge science fiction fan i was mindlessly entertained. Special effects were pretty good as well as the overall experience.Overall, "Moonfall" is the ultimate guilty pleasure. Its a movie were you have turn the logic of and just enjoy the ride. If enjoyed at least some of the previous movie of Roland Emmerich then "Moonfall" might actually be pretty nice escapism for a boring evening.
5 What an utterly, utterly frustrating movie this was to watch, I had really high hopes, sadly they were dashed about ten minutes in.The first half of the movie, there are several words I could use, but let's just go with awful, it was dire, the second half of the movie was much better, but the damage was done.Ana de Armas is good, and of course looks glorious, her character is hideous though, Vic isn't much better. I did like Affleck in this though, his rather emotionless performance is odd at first, but makes sense as the movie progresses.The final sequences are incredibly over the top, you'll need to see it to believe it.Ultimately, it proves one thing, autocorrect is a setting on your phone best avoided. 5/10.
4 I'm slightly ashamed to admit I had 'Deep Water' on my list of 10 most anticipated films for 2022. With Ben Affleck and Ana de Armas on board I figured they must've been lured by a very good script that would be full of twists and seduction and style, much like 'Basic Instinct'. This film had none of those things I'm sad to say.I was shocked at how straight forward the story was. It could've worked as a mystery if nothing else. But no, even that they had to spoil by revealing all their cards incredibly early. From there you are just left asking yourself, where is this film heading? Is there some twist that's going to come out of left field and blow me away? Nope.Instead as a big finale we get a shocking chase scene between a bike and car - where the character in the car actually says "what, are you going to chase me down on your bike?" - and then yes that's exactly what happens. To be clear this is a pushbike. Chasing a car. I can't believe I watched that happen. And before that, where did the guy even come from? He just appears in the middle of nowhere with no context or reason for him being there. Surely a scene was cut out, but in the cut we got it seemed utterly bizarre.There is zero chemistry between Affleck and de Armas - which to be fair is kind of the point. They are in a loveless marriage so I guess that would make sense. It's not a lot of fun to watch however. The film can't decide if it wants to be erotic or not. It keeps hinting at things and starting intimate scenes, only to abruptly cut away. When de Armas realised how bad the film was did she ask for her nudity to be cut out?When this film got pulled from its theatrical release at the last minute I had a bad feeling. But I didn't realise it meant things were this bad. Man this film was a let down. I'm very disappointed. A generous 4/10.
1 The acting was fine, especially the daughter. But the writing was just terrible. I hate when adults write for kids and make them speak like they are 22 years old. There is no chance in hell that kid was that smart and intuitive.Second, there is no chance in hell a bank calls you and tells you about a check that bounced and then gives you who it was written out to, and then say that can waive the fee if you add money to your account They were rich so why would there even being sufficient funds? Never happened. And this is just one example where writers blow it. They don't need to add scenarios that don't happen in real life because it distracts us from what could have been good.Overall, this film was all over the place and served no real purpose. Besides their relationship never had in basis in reality. There was no rhyme or reason to it and no explanation whatsoever of how they went from seemingly distant to passionate for each other. It was bizarre.Did she ever wear something besides the black dress?Good luck trying to figure out what this film is about. It made no sense whatsoever. I guess Lyne wanted to rekindle his 9 1/2 weeks. Just a total lack of focus and very slow-moving and without much of a point this was a total WASTE OF TIME! SKIP!!
5 Vic (Ben Affleck) and Melinda (Ana de Armas) are a married couple with a young daughter. She's an unreserved flirt while he's terribly jealous and possessive. He tells her latest 'boyfriend' that he had killed before. Most accept this as a bad joke but his neighbor Don Wilson (Tracy Letts) sees it as a real confession especially after Melinda's latest 'boyfriend' turns up dead.I like the first half which feels like a mid-level mystery thriller from the 90's. Did he or did he not? That's the best aspect of this film. It's the heart of the matter. That's why it's a big mistake to do the big reveal so soon. The reveal happens way too soon and it saps the energy out of the movie. Otherwise, this would have been a fine mid-level film.
5 As "Deep Water" (2022 release; 115 min.) opens, we are introduced to Vic and Melinda, a married couple with a young daughter. For reasons unknown, Vic allows Melinda to have lovers on the side. Vic and Melinda are going out to a party, where Melinda meets up with her latest flame. Vic is not happy about it... At this point we are 10 min into the movie.Couple of comments: this is the return of director Adrian Lyne, whose previous film was "Unfaithful", 20 years ago. Lyne was in his late 70s when this film was made, but he hasn't changed his modus operandi one bit since his heydays in the 1980s (Flashdance; 9 1/2 Weeks; Fatal Attraction). "Deep Water" is based on the 1950s Patricia Highsmith novel of the same name. I haven't read the book so I cannot comment how close the film sticks to the book. What is clear is that with "Deep Water" Lyne attempts to revive the so-called "erotic psychological thriller" genre. Alas, it didn't quite work out that way. For that the storytelling is simply too thin and I was never fully invested in the film or in its characters. Ben Affleck tries his best with the weak material that he is given. Cuban actress Ana de Armas is obviously very attractive (and reminding of a Penelope Cruz of yesteryear). But in the end the various parts of the film don't really add up. When I think of "erotic psychological thriller", "Body Heat" immediately comes to mind. This ain't "Body Heat".Please note that this film was shot in 2019, yup, pre COVID-19, and its theatrical release was delayed a number of times until it was pulled from the theatrical schedule altogether. The movie finally premiered on Hulu this weekend. If you are a fan of Adrian Lyne's 1980s heydays, I'd readily suggest you check this out (keeping expectations low), and draw your own conclusion.
8 Marketing this film as an erotic thriller was the biggest mistake they made. It does have some hot scenes but not enough to call the whole movie erotic even though the whole plot is around it. The thriller aspect is also more of an overlooking sense of it rather than the usual thriller sensibilities. The film is more of a character study of a couple, probably a psychopathic couple who feeds off each other by destroying each other and others who comes between them. Although the film takes a clear stand with the Husband, by making it clear it is the actions of the wife that pushes him to take action. But as the film goes on his actions looks like it's even worse but by the end, it's clear that the wife always knew this side and was really looking for that side in him all along. It's a very fascinating film for me because of how the characters are explored and the director makes us relate with a character who is as all the characters including him says, not normal and as we watch we realize that it is true in a lot of wrong ways. Can't believe this is getting so much bad reviews.
5 There's not enough plot to keep this nearly 2-hour long erotic thriller going, especially once it lets go of its initial ambiguity. The film is about a husband (Affleck) who's alright with his wife (Ana de Armas) romantically engaging with other men, growing increasingly jealous (and turned on!) by the proceedings. So, the wife Melinda is a hedonist - she lives for instant pleasures. She isn't particularly fond of taking care of their child - or the film rarely shows it. The husband Vic is hazily sketched - he's a retired drone-software guy, he loves threatening his wife's male friends and loves studying snails. His transition from accepting his wife's escapades to becoming a legit threat to the men involved lacks good bite - that's a screenplay problem, not the actor's!There aren't any scenes where he "loses it" or clarifies what he wants out of this seemingly broken relationship. On the other hand, Melinda is all about looking sexy all the time. And since we're picturing Ana de Armas here, it is an easily achievable tick. I didn't see much in the way of nudity or sexual content here, except for glimpses of "what could've been." Affleck makes for a believable bad guy while also being a doting dad. Armas' character needed better etching because it's tough to lean into her vision here either, though she scorches the screen with her presence. As a result, we get a predictable, somewhat tepid thriller that only partially does its job!
1 Kind of rich people (really rich before Reagan's tax cuts for the rich but just doing OK by billionaire standards of today), glamorous parties where everyone looks fab, a beautiful, talented wife he adores, and her string of boys she flaunts in front of him, like a cat that brings a dead mouse in the house just so you can see it, except hubby does the killing in this home.Once again, from the very beginning I can tell this won't be good because of the runtime of 1h54m which is way too long for this genre of film. Period. 1h30m is what this should be, but because it's for streaming services, they feel they have different rules and just want to plug up more over the viewers time, like their building a dyke to hold in our collective free time. With the extra twenty-four minutes, maybe we can read a few pages of a good book with a much better story than this one, like the one Patricia Highsmith wrote upon which this movie is based.How to shave off extra minute ideas:fewer cute kid bits (and FYI, kids her age who do science experiments don't listen to "Old McDonald")Less time showing how the beautiful people have a good time, because it looks really boring. Seriously, drinking games? Is this a frat house?Cut out hubby looking at wife with malice in his eyes while she cuckolds him, which brings me to what I really didn't like about this movie.Dude, just divorce her. The director really wasn't able to convince me why he would stay with her. In fact, he never even tried. Why didn't the wife leave him? It made no sense and was crucial to the story.Ugh, another story of a rich guy talking to a cop when he really should know to keep his mouth shut. In this day and age, I hate stories where this happens. "I don't have anything to hide." Dude, even if you are completely innocent and have the Pope as an alibi, you never talk to the cops. Everyone knows that, except bad writers it seems. "Would you be willing to take a lie detector test?" he's asked, to which he answers, "Sure, get one."And speaking of talking, the wife discusses fleeing to Brazil with her lover on the phone while her husband is steps away from her? Even for an unbelievably indiscreet woman, she has no discretion (he dead lover is barely in the ground, and she already has a new one with whom she plans to run away). And does she have to invite them all over to the house?Why does Vic have to be wealthy and a chip maker for drones? This part has nothing to do with the story and should have been left out entirely. Who cares? Why bother telling us about his snail fetish? It just takes up time and tells us nothing. Cut thirty minutes out of this and it may have been tolerable. It wasn't tolerable and took me all day to watch as I cleaned, cooked, played piano, read a bit and never really caring enough to get to the end of this mess.Can I ask film directors a personal question? Why do you guys shoot so many scenes in the dark where literally only about five percent of the screen is visible? Even if the scene is supposed to be at night, there's no need to make it so dark that nothing is discernible. If you don't want us to see images, maybe you should be working in radio.This really isn't a criticism of the movie, but first we're in Louisiana and then he's out mountain biking? And even riding down a switchback, you can't catch a car on a bike. Just silly and stupid...and then for the stupidity coup de grace, there is a coyote and road runner finale with the guy driving off a cliff...in Louisiana.
1 I'm not sure if it's proof of brilliant acting or proof of just how bad of an actor Affleck is, but after the second time he said I killed so and so, I said yeah, ok, I'll just go with that as my working thesis. That pretty much explained the rest of this insipid movie. I don't know, maybe I was supposed to say oh no, I'm sure Ben Affleck would never play a sociopathic murderer, but then I figured, why not? He's pretty much as wooden as any movie he's ever been in. Again that might be proof of good acting, since I think he actually was supposed to be a wooden post in this movie, but then maybe it's simply the material finally matching the talent, not the other way around. I guess I don't give much credit for a post acting like a post, since that's what posts do.As for Ana, well. One telling moment, after Affleck drowns some guy, and she says she's not scared because he did it for her. Uh, no, I think he did it because of her, which is an entirely different concept. Why he doesn't just kill her instead, or divorce her at least is beyond comprehension. It would save everyone so much bother. Sure she's good looking, but so what? He's a multi-millionaire, I'm sure he could find someone else who isn't a total... oh, what's the right word, there are so many possibilities, each of which I know will automatically cancel my review... well, let's go with an oldie, trollop, I hope that passes muster. I mean, I wouldn't kick her out of bed for eating crackers, but I guess I would if she wanted to turn me into a cuckold serial killer. I'm funny that way.There's not much point going into much detail of the movie itself, other than it is for the most part boring and completely unbelievable.The ending though is in a class by itself of stupidity. Besides the question of a guy on a bike catching a guy in a car, what exactly was the plan when he caught up to the car, either shake his fist angrily or slam into the car and become a pancake? Oh, but have no fear, better he should just fall on the road and instead of the car, oh, I don't know, running over him and popping his head off like bottle cap, instead we get a total rip off of Toonces, the cat who could drive. And if anyone asks is it really that bad? Yes, it really is that bad.I know what they're going for of course. It's supposed to be your standard mind f. But when stupid characters do the most stupid thing possible at every possible moment, it just doesn't count, it might be infuriating but only because of how stupid it is. Yeah, he's a terrible person who gets away with murder and she's a total, oh, what's the right word again... who knows what he's done and actually likes it. K. Got it. Now go away.I know this movie doesn't even deserve to be mentioned with something like Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf, except to say it's like that movie, if you took away the acting ability, the direction, the wit, the intelligence, the characters, the dialogue, the plot, the desire to say something, anything. Maybe it's more like Deliverance, if you remember the ending, only I don't mean Burt and his friends, I mean the other guys in Deliverance, you know the ones I'm talking about, though I think they might be rightfully offended to even suggest that they would be in a movie as lousy as this.My apologies.
5 Greetings again from the darkness. Based on his work, arguments can be made on both sides. Director Adrian Lyne is either a staunch believer in monogamous marriages, or he enjoys mocking the concept altogether. Surprisingly, this is his first film in 20 years since UNFAITHFUL (2002). To refresh your memory, he's also the force behind 9 ½ WEEKS (1986), FATAL ATTRACTION (1987), and INDECENT PROPOSAL (1993). Co-writers Zach Helm and Sam Levinson have adapted the script from the 1957 novel by Patricia Highsmith, who also wrote "The Talented Mr. Ripley" and "Strangers on a Train"."Do you know I love you?" When one spouse feels the need to ask about love rather than declare it, you know it's an unusual marriage. And in the category of unusual marriages, you'd be hard-pressed to find an arrangement more bizarre than the one between Vic (Ben Affleck) and Melinda (Ana de Armas). Thanks to real life public drama for Will Smith and Jada Pinkett, we all know that "open marriages" are a thing. But this with Vic and Melinda is neither fully "open" nor fully a marriage. Vic invented and sold a computer chip used in drones (mostly for warfare) and he's so rich, that he'd rather watch his free-spirited wife drag home new boy-toys than give her an expensive divorce. But that's as much explanation as we receive for what seems like a lose-lose-lose scenario. That third lose is for Melinda's gentlemen friends who seem to mysteriously disappear once Vic becomes aware of them. One is gone before the movie even starts, and he's followed by Jacob Elordi, Brandan Miller, and Finn Wittrock.Perhaps the biggest mystery here is in deciding who displays more charisma, Affleck in this role or the snails that his character Vic breeds. We've joked about actors sleepwalking through roles before, but there are scenes here where that may actually be happening. Affleck mostly just dead-eyes Melinda and her men, though we are supposed to interpret his lack of expression as a combination of anger, jealousy, and lust. Fortunately, we have Ana de Armas to liven things up. She's a full-grown party girl going through various stages of designer dress and un-dress. The supporting cast is comprised of Dash Mihok, Lil Rey Howery (who is in every movie these days), Kristen Connolly, Grace Jenkins as the smarter-than-parents kid to Vic and Melinda, and Tracy Letts as a curious novelist constantly side-eyeing Vic as research for a new book.Is it cheesy? Yes. Is it sleazy? Yes. Despite twenty years of no movies, director Lyne delivers another high-gloss, play-pretend trashy erotic thriller that will fit perfectly in the streaming world. Affleck disappoints here after strong turns in THE TENDER BAR (2021) and THE WAY BACK (2020), and Ms. De Armas will next appear as Marilyn Monroe in BLONDE. Ben and Ana had their tabloid moment as a romantic couple after filming, but she is now the gone girl, and he has since reunited with JoLo. There are too many gaps in the story and characters for this to be considered a serious movie, but it's sure to be entertaining enough for many.Premiers on HULU beginning March 18, 2022.
6 ... this film is just weird-stupid in sooo many different ways... storyline is the absurd worst... along with the fact no matter how attractive she might be, that attractiveness is totally lost in the horrid character she portrays in this bleak-production... his acting is zombie-like to a ludicrous degree (normal-Affleck)... why movies like this get made at all is testament to the crap audiences are willing to accept over & again... somewhat improves with a second viewing... still crudely-ridiculous numerous scenes... there's greater appreciation for the overall story, ludicrous as it may be... the 1st viewing exposes the movie's flaws... in a 2nd, you'll know-bypass-them.. letting enjoyment of their performances happen to a greater degree... a production that cannot-mustn't be-taken-too-seriously, just like the hidden-freaky-'marriage' it exposes... look for Catherine Springer's March 16th review... nails-it.
2 This movie is horrible, boring, weird and stupid. End of review?I guess I'll say more. I could tell this was going to be bad 15 minutes into the movie. I seriously considered quitting at that point but felt like I needed to give it a chance. Bad decision. It's exactly what I thought it would be.The characters are ridiculously unlikeable. Don't get me wrong, I can love a character who is a terrible person. I'm all about the characters you love to hate. But these characters aren't just terrible people, they are horribly written with no redeeming qualities. And it doesn't help that they're in a useless story. Nothing about this movie works.I remember when streaming services were applauded for giving smaller movies a chance to be made. But we've gone so far in the opposite direction that I miss the days when certain movies were never made because... they didn't justify their own existence. This is an example of that. I can't understand who read this script and thought it's worth making. Streaming services continue to value quantity over quality. This movie is garbage. (1 viewing, 4/6/2022)SPOILERSThere is one part I have to mention. During the climax, Don sees Vic trying to hide the dead body in the lake. Surprisingly he does the smartest thing possible. Without saying a word, he immediately runs back to his car to get away from the killer. Wow, nice job movie...Then he starts driving, for a WHILE, and all I can think is, why aren't you calling the police? They're immediately cancelling the props I just gave for the smart decision to run.Finally he pulls his phone out. I think, okay now he'll call the cops. But instead... I legitimately cannot believe this... he starts texting his wife that he was right about Vic being the killer. Are you out of your minds? Whoever wrote this should be ashamed and retire from filmmaking.Of course, the text distraction causes him to crash and die. This is just lazy, atrocious writing. Do better please.
7 It is a dark story of strange love between very strange people , with a very strange dynamic ) And , probably , it could have been better . Nevertheless ,I t kept me interested , engaged and entertained .Solid 7 stars .
7 I liked this film, I found it interesting and darkly funny in places. The story wasn't really fleshed out but there was enough to keep you intrigued. The woman was outrageous lol but it was entertaining. I think they should make a sequel. Alexa, make a sequel but with more back story.
2 Obviously one of those "lockdown" movies that never should have been made. A seasoned director in the form of Adrian Lyne, but his directorial days seem long in the past as this is a kind of awful, lunk-headed throwback to the marriage drama/psycho-thriller genre, but lacking drama or indeed thrills. Ben Affleck has never been more wooden as the boring husband and poor old Ana De Armas is forced to strip in her third big film following KNIVES OUT and NO TIME TO DIE; an inexperienced actress like this just doesn't have the chops for the role. The hilarious climax copies the opening of Schwarzenegger's COMMANDO, but that's ten times the film this is.
5 And the feet?! So many unanswered questions... I kid but seriously what was with this movie? You keep waiting for something interesting to happen, something to ratchet up the tension, but it never comes. The story is just as straightforward as it seems and you can predict where the characters will end up by the end.There are pieces here to make a great thriller. Affleck gives a great performance and de Armas is vexing as always. A veteran director of acclaimed erotic thrillers, some genuine star power, and a uneasy mood all combine for a promising picture. The script just really drags the film down.
4 There are some moments when it looks like this will get better, but never does, even with a good job by Affleck.Not thriller enough, not erotic enough and definitely not credible enough. I still can't believe how clueless and incompetent that police is when everyone is dying or disappearing around that same couple and nothing is done (even with accusations). A guy dies in a pool and they don't see the marks of being drowned by other person? I rest my case.
7 A tale of infidelity and its lethal consequences, "Deep Water", based on the novel by the equally interesting and unsettling Patricia Highsmith is a Decadent take on modern relationships. Ben Affleck reprises his "Gone Girl" role as the put upon husband who capitalizes the B on the beta male. Amid the torrent of pain and tension he resolves his dilemma in the only way his emasculated and hopeless state can. Slow going in a glacial, Euro non-American pace the dead spaces peppered throughout the film are alleviated by the decent acting and aura of heavy, sombre slight suspense as the gist of the plot is revealed halfway through. Ben Affleck is a natural as his washed-up alcoholic look puts the bathos in his character although like many films of his in recent times he looks like he's going through the motions. Perhaps it's time to quit acting or at least take a break. Ana de Armas is as usual nice eye candy but is miscast. She looks too nice to play the loose irresponsible inhabitant of a kennel to be convincing. The real star is the little girl who portrays the unhappy couple's daughter who provides most of the spunk and energy this sedate film has. The realist style used is what keeps the viewer glued from the conversations to the sex scenes the authenticity giving the flick a rawness and immediacy that makes up for the flaws. While no classic or standout this is one contemporary journey that takes one deep into the nature and state of modern society and the dehumanization of people in an age of isolation and indifference.
6 We find ourselves watching a volatile marriage on the edge. Melinda enjoys the company of many other younger men she brings home with her while legally married to Vic - Husband. Melinda childishly provokes jealously and hostility in Vic and for a not understandable reason, Vic put up with it. Does she measure Vics love for her by how far he will go to dispose of her casual suitors? What does Vic get in return? Apex male standing? Or is this just a sick and twisted game that both Melinda and Vic play to serial murder many young men.The film keeps you riveted to find out the motivations. With some victims, Vic makes some careless mistakes while other murders are discreet. The more Vic inflicts his rage, on the younger men, the more sexually attractive Melinda becomes to Vic and the more she is disposed to him.The film is extremely well acted by both Ana de Armas and Affleck. Affleck is particularly good at these psychological crime dramas. I still remember Gone Girl (2014), that was a really great film by Ben Affleck too.My one problem is there doesn't seem to be a point to the murders. Well, a part of me loved when Don Wilson drove off the cliff in his Subaru Wagon..Edit 3/24/22 ----I see a lot of criticism about Ben Affleck and Ana De Armas. Hey, these actors are incredibility good. Especially Affleck since we have other films of theirs to judge their skills. Separate the actors from the screenplay. They are doing the best they can with was provided to them. If you are hired as a contractor to build a house but the buyer provides you with cheap materials, you can't blame the contractor. They are working with what was provided. Same applies here. Despite the screenplay, Ben and Ana made it entertaining. If it had a better screenplay, I would have given it a much higher score. Criticize Zach Helm and Sam Levinson for the absurd script, but not these two actors. ✌
5 Ofcourse i watched this for affleck and ana, movie is just full of ana, the story had so much potential but they just messed up and it felt too flat, idk why two talented actors chose this kinda script, overall its a below average watch.
7 I am guessing from the low 5 overall rating (at the time of this review) that people are judging this harshly. Is it perfect? No. Is it going to win any awards? No. What it is is a fun psychological thriller about an unhappy dysfunctional marriage.Vic knows his wife is cheating on him. She flaunts her affairs in front of him and calls him passionless. That begins to change when he tells one of her lovers that he killed a man she had been sleeping with which starts the rumor mill flying. No one believes it. They take it for what it is a man lashing out at the guy who has been sleeping with his wife. But then another one of her lovers ends up dead and it becomes clear that Vic isn't lying about killing the men his wife is sleeping with. The question is when his wife is confronted with it what will she do? What will a woman who craves passion do with a husband who murders to keep her?
6 So let me get this straight. After she realizes he's basically a serial killer and will literally kill people for her, everything goes back to normal? Everyone just goes on living happily ever after? Lol..Ok I guess that works but how did it get to that point in the first place. There was no backstory whatsoever. Why was she so vindictive? What did this guy do to? When did their relationship go sour? There was really no explanation on why she was sleeping with other men while they were living under the same roof. They weren't even going through a divorce. She was literally hooking up with other guys right in front of his face. Is that just a thing people do these days to avoid a messy divorce? Guess so. Either way I still somewhat enjoyed this movie. I didn't really no where it was going, but I will say it all tied together in the end. 6 stars.
6 I'd have to say I couldn't wait for this to release. Both leads are great actors, and they delivered in this. The story started to have a few glaring holes in from about mid way, but the basic principle was sort of believable.We decided st the end of the film that the child actor stole the show, she was hysterical, brilliant and I suspect a star in the making.Make sure you watch past the ending very funny addition.
5 Vic (Ben Affleck) is a drone chip designer. He wants a normal boring life. He raises snails and has a great relationship with his daughter Trixie (Grace Jenkins). His wife Melinda (Ana de Armas) is his polar opposite, a free spirit who didn't want a family. She has affairs right under Vic's nose trying to invoke emotion in him. All of Melinda's lovers are dying. Vic is a suspect. Their friends feel Melinda is an embarrassment.I couldn't connect with any character, they were all so terribly flawed. I did like the ending, but the ride there was questionable.Guide: F-word, sex, nudity (Ana de Armas)
6 I'm not sure what I just watched. I love Ben and I was expecting another Gone Girl. De Armas, Elordi and Wittrock have all shown some amazing acting chops in previous projects. This movie should have been great based on the cast alone. The premise is also very interesting. However, the overall execution of the movie absolutely failed. A love this genre, but it only works if there are at least one, if not all of the following aspects: (1) a clever plot twist (2) a clever motive or (3) the psychological component of the characters is explored and compelling. This movie didn't do any of that so it left you feeling like "what's the point?!" Why does Melinda feel the need to cheat so profusely and why does Vic feel the need to hold on to the relationship when they are both so clearly miserable? And the flaws do not stop there. There were parts of this movie that appeared out of place and poorly acted, mostly by the group of friends. What was even the point of their scenes? Also, some of the situations are highly unlikely and /or unnatural. I mean, I can see a woman inconspicuously having an affair and even maybe the husband choosing to accept it or turning a blind eye to keep the family together, but who is going to tolerate the neglect of the child, parading around with the men right in front of the husband and his friends? And what was with the snail harvesting and providing the child alcohol so casually?! Parts of the movie also seem out of sequence. Why continue to brazenly bring men around if you know they are going to end up dead and you are so emotionally distraught when they do? You know your neighbor and wife have hired an investigator, yet you continue to kill knowing that they are suspicious of you? I guess I'm glad it streamed free on Hulu because I can see why it was pulled from theaters.
7 And not as graphic as some have suggested.These things actually surprised me because I had a certain expectations going into this having read the reviews.There is no close-up or graphic scene for example.It is a straight kidnapping story (usually men are kidnapped in mafia movies, but in this case a woman is) where the snatched woman is offered a choice, which she makes after a few weeks.In-between we get sex, relationship, a yacht, a father and son and friends and family.Personally, I enjoyed it and was amused somewhat, but just could not get into the male lead. I am just not into trashy tattooed men.
9 Very nature-oriented
It was a very heartwarming and touching sexy movie. I thoroughly enjoyed watching this movie. It managed to truly touch the real man and woman life.... also the great expectation the parents have for their sons.Really worth spending almost 2 hours watching this movie. They are sweet with each other ending up madly in love after being just for sale.
1 I honestly don't know who thought that this movie would be a good idea. It is a complete train wreck for multiple reasons.One of the biggest issues is the plot is just nonsense. It is inappropriate to have a man deiced that he will hold a woman captive and she will love him. That is just not ok and i don't know why they made a movie romanticising this idea. The male character is a creep. He assaults the female character multiple times and it is not shown as a bad thing. It's just like he is a man and he has power so he can do what he likes. It is really really bad. Beyond that they just do variations of the same scene 6 different times. This movie is just the same scene over and over again broken up with random montages with a song played over it.The actions of the characters are nonsensical too. She has been kidnapped in a foreign country and then the next day there is a shopping montage where she is just like "woo lets go buy some new clothes". Like that just wouldn't happen, you would be terrified and she just acts like fine with it. I feel like they try to get the audience on side by making her current boyfriend a horrible person. I think they think the audience will be like "oh that's good she got away from him". Yeah she did get away from her bad boyfriend...by being kidnapped by an Italian mobster who is holding her captive????The second issue is the leads can't act and a lot of the movie is just them interacting so its like watching an amateur dramatics troupe half of the time. Now i can't work this out but this woman who is kidnapped never seems scared like at all. I can't deiced if this was the direction she was given or she just can't act or the script said she isn't scared. She literally wakes up after being kidnapped and tried to open the door to get out, can't because its locked and is just like "Yeah fair enough" and just sits down like this happens every day.On top of that the scenes with the male lead pushing her against walls and stuff she pulls like "Posing, modelling" faces and is not like "Jesus Christ the man is assaulting me help". Once again was this the direction or was it the acting who's knows?It also relies heavily on "Pop" songs that are really loud and unnecessary. They constantly play one after the other and then when reading i found out the male lead sung like a big chunk of them so i guess production was just like "well he will give us them cheep let's throw them all in".I could go one about all its problems but it all circles back to the directing, acting and the script. It was just a perfect storm.Believe it or not it is watchable but in a way that you want to watch it to see the disaster. It is the no1 viewed film on a large amount of different countries Netflix's at the moment and i believe this to be the reason.So its really up to you if you want to watch it. It is very boring but also a train wreck.
8 I liked itGood movie that kept me entertained. The Polish actress plays her role very well. She's a good Natural Woman and also looks good doing it too. Worth watching I would say. You're not gonna not like it even if it's not your ideal genre. It's a film for everyone.
9 The best
Lizzo fans stay away!The best thing I've ever seen! Was watching it for a fun time and it is so cute that I couldn't even watch it only once. VERY NORMAL REALISM.
6 Somewhere in the middle if you like the sub-genre.I enjoyed it overall and thought it was original, but the mafia guy was so tattooed and trashy. I like clean men.
8 It is fun to watch and entertaining. I love movies about human nature. It should also be educational. American women could watch and be motivated to lose weight to become desirable, American men could watch and be inspired to make love passionately and of course we all know what men want (visual!) and what women want (credit card!)Sequel please!
8 This movie is all about emotions and pure emotional romance. Its story and world really lack depth and are skin deep so enjoy the skin and natural motions, so do not expect a really deep story in here. Its like a musclecar. Pure diselpunk, cars and action action action (in and out).
1 I do not even know where to start. Look, this is nothing but straight up porn. The plot is ridiculous, the chemistry between the two leads is nonexistent, and the acting is even worse. Trust me when I say, you will watch this in fast forward. It is that horrible!
1 This was probably the worst movie I've ever seen.
The dialogues between the main characters are unbelievably cringy and the plot literally doesn't make any sense. Don't watch this movie unless you wanna waste 2 hours of your life just to give this movie a (probably) 1 star rating too.
8 This is a sexy version of a Mars And Venus documentary.And it is OK.I like the woman's body. She is thin and doable. Unfortunately, the man is a tattooed Mafioso.It is very real, however, in that the woman plays hard to get before confessing her true feelings and she is on sale for a rich man and he is a slave to thin and beautiful women because men are visual.
7 I feel it was good given the subject matter and the techniques it can teach men to satisfy women (I mean in bed, I already know about having money and a gold card), but there were not enough close-ups of penetration or long-haired women in this film. Nonetheless, an exceptional film in this day and age and she had no fat or ink on her.
6 Laura is an attractive, ball-busting Polish hotel executive who fights her corner in board meetings then goes home to her slobbish partner and collection of dildos. Massimo is a gangster - but the young, sexy kind: he's described as having "a body sculpted by God... and a dick sculpted by the devil" (which is a pretty erotic line until the viewer unwillingly starts picturing said protuberance with horns and a little pointy beard). Having caught a fleeting glimpse of Laura some years before and been obsessed with her ever since, Massimo is delighted to discover she is holidaying on his native Sicily. He promptly kidnaps her and tells her he will hold her for 365 days while attempting to make her fall in love with him.Personally, I would have thought not kidnapping her in the first place would have been ample proof of his honourable intentions - as would not promising he will not touch without her permission whilst nonetheless pinning her to a chair and grabbing her tit. But then this film - based on a novel - is hardly politically correct. The main problem, of course, is Laura's ultimate falling in love with Massimo (c'mon, you knew she would!): although she is allowed a scene of berating herself for so doing, there is no effort to examine whether she is suffering from, for example, some form of Stockholm Syndrome - although that would have made this a far deeper film.Other flaws are the many dangling plot-threads: for instance, Laura's weak heart is mentioned several times but nothing is ever done with it. When she is offered a job as "general manager of Preston" (presumably not the football club) we have to guess that she turns it down; and when Massimo is told "they" want to kill his sweetheart we are not told who "they" are, despite the fact the preceding scenes have identified at least two likely candidates. On the plus side, one plot-thread that I thought it a wise decision to leave dangling was the final scene involving a tunnel: we know the outcome of what happened in there, but we are not told exactly *how* it happened, which adds a pleasing air of mystery.As for the acting, leads Anna Maria Sieklucka and Michele Morrone deserve credit for delivering much of their dialogue in English, which is presumably their second (at best) language: this does mean, however, that some of their lines sound a bit clunky to those for whom English is mother tongue. As often in this kind of production, the supporting characters - not encumbered with the requirement to be romantic heroes - are more interesting: there are fine comedic turns from Magdalena Lamparska as Laura's exuberant friend Olga, and from Otar Saralidze as a bemused young gangster.This film is, I imagine, an attempt to create a Polish version of 'Fifty Shades of Grey'. It does not match the latter's theme of women's empowerment (for all the whips and chains, Anastasia is in control in a way kidnap victim Laura certainly is not), but - with apologies for shallowness - there is more nudity and sex in '365 Dni'. But it *is* similar to 'Fifty Shades' in the attractiveness not only of its cast, but also of its locations and clothes (there are several shopping scenes); and as a piece of escapist entertainment it certainly hits the spot.
21 February 2021 Promoting psychological persuasion in a relationship, is just GREAT!!!! Some scenes are hot, and rightly makes it look good to work hard to convince someone of your love, and that's so good... It makes me giddy in my stomach!!!
So fans of nature/human body, men whose women have grown thick and chubby and are not feeling it anymore and men who want to motivate their men to make love to them need this film.
Now where are the sequels?
7 The eyar is 2021 (this was released in 2020 and shot in 2019) and they did not have the ultimate that man want: Japanese women. The amfiosos is tattooed and trashy (I only have yakuza tattoos personally) and the girl is thin and therefore attractive but no aoi sora (a Japanese enchantress who page I maintain).So only 7 out of 10Xfansd.
8 For once the love couple has chemistry. The plot is a bit weak but if you look at the scenery the acting and the suspense it is about a thousand times better than fifty shades. Plus the sex scenes are really hot.
8 Please make a sequel.. I am watching this again . I have rented this 5 times. Please please please please make another one.
8 Who knew! They still exist!!Go suck it Metoo fanatics! Go pound sand hollywood.My girl and I loved it and enjoyed it during and after the film. A definite re-watcher.PS: Haters should go watch Thunder Fo.. Thighs.
1 Such a rip off from fifty shades of grey. The plot and character development is all over the place. Some things didn't make any sense at all. The ending was horrible. Where's my 2 hours gone?
6 A "Fifty Shades of Grey" kidnapping porn mafia film. Seriously, who watched this film for the story? I have no training in writing yet I'm confident I can write better porn script than this piece of work.
4 July 2020 Laura is a young, upwardly mobile sales professional finally ready to invest in herself and settle down - but first there is a planned trip. But when the plans fall through, she is forced to keep a man's dream alive first - even if it means keeping her boyfriend and her immediate future at bay. What i liked is she is open-minded and can be persuaded.
But will she remain persuaded? You have to watch to know.
4 There is no plot to speak of, the dialogue is disjointed, the storyline is disjointed, and the ending is a joke... but don't kid yourself that you're watching for any of these things.
8 It is a good film and even better when we realize that it is a 2020 film where every film is a biopic about a gang of fat women conquering the universe.With that said, and as much as I learned to use the foot on the face and hand on the neck technique, it was missing very graphic close-ups. I mean why not be natural? You don't have a movie about nature without showing the leaves do you?
8 Great love story, so rough but the sex scenes could have been more graphic, but I really enjoyed it.
8 What a great film to watch with your family. It has everything so everyone will enjoy whether you like romance, shopping, sex or mafia action. The scenery is amazing. Sunday after dinner with the family, this movie fits the bill perfectly.Just disappointed the guy looked like a lowbrow inked criminal. I preferred someone classy.
6 I liked Nightmare Alley at first. It's visually gorgeous and pulls you in with its ambience and bits of mystery. But at a certain point, where what I'd call the "second act" begins, I looked to see how much was left of the movie, thinking it was about the time in a noir when things really get going like a runaway freight train, and realized it was only half over!I felt pretty restless at that point, in spite of Cate Blanchett's pitch-perfect performance. It wasn't so much that less time should have been used up in the first act as that every single thing should have been shorter. This should have had the brisk quality of classic noir, instead of the slow boil noir here.The movie does finally go into runaway freight train mode almost two hours in, and that last part is intense and gripping and everything you'd want it to be, but really this whole movie should have been 90-100 minutes and a good finale doesn't erase the boredom I'd felt for most of the previous hour.Del Toro's a terrific director, the movie looks amazing, and Blanchett is phenomenal, so I won't say skip it. I will say, lower your expectations and don't count on something worthy of the best picture Oscar nomination this got.
5 I'm not a fan of the 1940s film noir version of "Nightmare Alley" starring Tyrone Power, so I was all in for a new crack at the material, even if there is a "huh?...why now?" element to the timing. But Guillermo Del Toro doesn't have much more luck with the material than the original and has made a bloated, artificial, and curiously inert movie out of it.The film looks gorgeous, let's get that out of the way. But it almost looks too gorgeous, like a a glossy magazine spread. The settings feel too stylized and artificial, as do all of the performances. Bradley Cooper isn't that great of an actor in my opinion, and he's not able to make a fairly one-note character very compelling. Rooney Mara is wasted window dressing. Cate Blanchett is the only person who got the memo that this is film noir material, and she plays her character to the hilt as a classic femme fatale. The problem is she's the only one who does, so her performance, while it's the most entertaining, feels cartoonish and like it should be in another movie. The film is also way too long for the slim plot. This is something that could have made a tight, tense, little 90-minute thriller but feels like something stretched by a director who doesn't know when to quit.And what is with Del Toro's obsession with throwing in such graphically violent scenes at the end of a movie that up to that point hasn't been graphic at all? Is it to shock us with the contrast? Because it pulls me out of the world of the movie. He has a fetish with showing people's faces literally caved in in gory detail, something he indulged in "Pan's Labyrinth" and again here.This movie is a misfire.Grade: C+
4 While visually captivating, the storyline left much to be desired. The characters were well acted but lacked depth. The story was anticlimactic and at no point made any sense. Forgettable.
7 Bradley Cooper burns down a house, then hops a rattler to a carnival someplace. Mostly keeping his mouth shut, he learns how to do a mentalist and spook act from David Strathairn, while boffing Strathairn's girlfriend Toni Collette and lusting for electric girl Rooney Mara. Strathairn croaks from bad booze Cooper gave him by mistake, he and Miss Mara shuffle off to Buffalo, where they do a mentalist act and, at the behest of psychiatrist Cate Blanchett he communicates with the dead for the rich and powerful.It's based, like the 1947 flop starring Tyrone Power, on William Lindsay Gresham's novel. It's a much more accurate telling of the story, not only for the stuff the Hays Office made them leave out, but the shocker of the ending. The visuals, as you would expect from director Guillermo del Toro, are impeccable, from the ghastly exhibits at the side shows, to the Biedermeyer decor of Doctor Blanchett's office -- clearly she studied in Vienna. Location shooting in Buffalo and nearby cities help. The color palette looks like late 1940s Fox Dramatic Technicolor: LEAVE HER TO HEAVEN.If there is a problem with this 150-minute movie, it's that it's edited too short. The first half, set at the carny, seems leisurely enough, until everything reappears at the end, showing it was all foreshadowing. The Buffalo sequence is edited so tightly that you can't figure out Miss Blanchett's motives, and the ending feels rushed. But I stayed through to the end, with nary a bathroom break, despite the urge.
5 Stanton Carlisle is a drifter with a talent for theatrics and hustling people out of their money. He lands a job at a carnival where he learns the essentials of mentalism from a pair of masters of the art. He also meets the love of his life and the two of them leave the carnival to take his act on the road. Then he meets a psychologist who sees through his façade.A film which on the surface had the potential to be a great psychological thriller. However, it doesn't come close to delivering on its promise. The set-up - Carlisle working at the carnival - takes far too long, resulting in the film feeling likes it's just aimlessly drifting. The carnival section isn't worthless - it shows Carlisle's character and skills, how he learnt his craft and the lengths he would go to in order to get ahead - but it is far too drawn-out.When Act 2 eventually arrives we're already an hour into the movie. I was starting to think of giving up but the introduction of the psychologist, Dr Lilith Ritter, immediately ups the tension and intrigue. However, even now things get drawn out. With my attention re-engaged I figured that I was in a for a thrilling, intriguing, tension-filled, twist-filled roller-coaster ride but the film pulls too many of its punches.Plot development is sedate and conventional and Instead of a great twist towards the end the film just peters out. In my mind I was contemplating all the decent, yet largely predictable, twists the film could follow yet the ending didn't even measure up to the most predictable of these.Disappointing.
4 As "Nightmare Alley" (2021 release; 150 min.) opens, we see the character played by Brad Cooper dump a body in a house foundation, after which he burns down the house and takes off. We later learn he is Stan Carslile. Stan ends up joining a traveling carnival where life is harsh, not to mention that it's raining non-stop, with everything and everyone soaked to the bone. Stan gets to know some of the others in the troupe. At this point we are 10 min. Into the movie but to tell you more of the plat would spoil your viewing experience, you'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments: this is the latest from Mexican writer-director Guillermo del Toro, whose previous film "The Shape of Water" won multiple Oscars (including Best Picture and Best Director). Here he brings us a remake of the 1947 film of the same name starring Tyrone Power (in turn based on the book of the same name). I haven't seen the 1947 film so I cannot comment how closely the remake sticks to the original. But what I can say is this: "Nightmare Alley" simply didn't do it for me., for a number of reasons. First, the movie's pacing is uneven, and I'm being mild. The first half of the movie, which sets up the second half, is far too long and could've easily been cut by at least a half hour without losing any of the film's essence. Not to mention that the movie's first half, centering around the traveling carnival, is just depressing to watch ("man or beast?", "the world's strongest man", you get the idea--straight out of "Freaks"). By the time the movie's second half comes around, I had pretty much lost interest in the main characters (played by Brad Cooper and Rooney Mara), but I gave it another go as in the second half we finally get to watch Cate Blanchett, but alas, it was too late for me. Yes, I watched to the end, but I wasn't moved or emotionally invested in any of it. Even though in spirit this movie is in the same sphere as "The Shape of Water", it's a completely different experience. I absolutely LOVED "The Shape of Water". Whatever extra ingredient that made "The Shape of Water" so outstanding is sadly lacking in "Nightmare Alley". The filming of the movie was suspended midway through for a good 6 months resulting from the coronavirus outbreak in March, 2020. I wonder if that ended up "ruining" the film's atmosphere, who knows. But in the end, I couldn't help but feel deeply disappointed with "Nightmare Alley"."Nightmare Alley" opened in theaters last weekend. The Christmas Eve matinee screening where I saw this at was attended so-so (about 15 people). As it is, the movie pretty much bombed at the box office in its opening weekend. Frankly, I don't this will last long in theaters, as for that the movie lacks the magic that lifted "The Shape of Water", not to mention that at a running time of 2 1/2 hrs., the movie is too long for its own good. Of course don't take my word for it, so I suggest you go check it out, be it in the theater (while you still can), on VOD, or eventually on DVD/Blu-ray, and draw your own conclusion.
7 Stanton Carlisle (Bradley Cooper); is a man trying to get by in late 1930s America in the new film "Nightmare Alley". Our first introduction to Stanton is less than flattering and he soon finds himself employed at a Carnival after coming upon it by chance.The eager Stanton is given advice and tools of the trade by his boss Clem (Willem Dafoe) as well as the mystic Zeena (Toni Collette) and Stanton eagerly wants to get ahead. While striking a friendship with fellow employee Molly (Rooney Mara); Stanton learns that Zeena's older and alcoholic husband has a skill from a former act where he learns to read people and use verbal cues to appear to have the power of clairvoyance.Eventually, Stanton seeks bigger opportunities and leaves with Molly for the city where they in time develop a successful act that offers them two shows a night at a fancy hotel and some of the finer things in life.Unwilling to be content with what he has; Stanton becomes involved with a Psychologist named Lilith (Cate Blanchett) and uses her knowledge to set up higher-profile marks who will pay well for his supposed abilities and in doing so; sets a dangerous chain of events into motion.The film is based on the 1946 book of the same name and an earlier 1947 film, and while it does an amazing job with the visuals and moody atmosphere of the era; it is a very long and slowly-paced film. The movie is over 2.5 hours long and comes across as overly long and self-indulgent as Director Guillermo del Toro could easily have shaved 30-45 minutes from the film and told the story without losing much.The cast and performances are very good but a slow-paced and dour film is not an ideal way to spend 2.5 hours at the movies no matter how much it has going for it. The movie does have some good points but I think it will do much better on streaming and home video where audiences can pause and take a break.If you are a fan of the Noir style of old; then this may be just what you are looking for, but I think it should have been so much more.3.5 stars out of 5.
8 Over the past thirty years, Guillermo del Toro has directed some of the most haunting movies: "Cronos", "Mimic", "The Devil's Backbone", "Pan's Labyrinth" and "The Shape of Water". He now adds "Nightmare Alley", a disturbing look at a man's overconfidence.Bradley Cooper plays a man who joins a traveling carnival but begins letting his belief in his own abilities get the better of him, especially after he starts associating with a morally ambiguous psychologist. Cate Blanchett's performance as the psychologist is what makes the movie, in my opinion. That and the production design create one of the most mind-blowing things that you'll ever see; it certainly earned its Academy Award nomination for production design.I don't know if I would call this the year's best movie, but it's one of the most impressive. Along with Cooper and Blanchett, Rooney Mara, Toni Collette, Willem Dafoe, David Strathairn, Mary Steenburgen, Ron Perlman, Richard Jenkins and a host of other people put on splendid performances. You should definitely check this movie out.
2 February 2022 From the filmmaker who's always looked for beauty in the grotesque and whose fascination with horror, fantasy, fairy tales & monsters knows no bounds, Nightmare Alley marks quite a departure from his earlier works. While the story features a dark premise and the imagery is infused with gothic flavours, it plays out like a straightforward neo-noir psychological thriller and is devoid of the supernatural.Co-written & directed by Guillermo del Toro (Pacific Rim & The Shape of Water), the first act does create an intrigue & mystery about our protagonist and what he may be up to but once the story departs from the carnival setting, the interest does start to fizzle out as it becomes evident where it's headed & how it's going to play out. It isn't necessarily a complaint but for a director of del Toro's calibre, more was expected here.On the technical front, the film scores high marks with its sumptuous production design that brings its period setting to life in splendid detail. Deft camerawork & amber lighting also add to its noirish tone and the decadent score enriches it some more. Performances are where it delivers the most valuable goods. Bradley Cooper is committed throughout, plus his act only gets better as plot progresses and he is strongly supported by the rest.Overall, Nightmare Alley is a perfectly fine example of its genre and will keep most viewers invested in its proceedings with its rich production value & impressive acting. However, the characters still remain distant for some reason and the story as a whole feels more or less underwhelming in the end. To sum it up, Guillermo del Toro's latest offering isn't without its charms and has a few neat tricks up its sleeve but nothing about it is original or refreshing.
7 Greetings again from the darkness. Fans of filmmaker Guillermo del Toro anxiously await his new projects knowing full well that each will have a stylish atmosphere, a certain fantastical creepiness, and characters a bit outside the norm (whatever normal is these days). Beyond that, the mystique derives from whatever new approach the extraordinarily talented filmmaker will surprise us with this time. For his first follow-up to his Oscar winning THE SHAPE OF WATER (2017), del Toro and co-writer Kim Morgan have adapted the 1947 cult noir classic by director Edmund Goulding (starring Tyrone Power), which itself was adapted from William Lindsay Gresham's 1946 novel.Bradley Cooper (an 8 time Oscar nominee) stars as Stan Carlisle in what is a terrific opening sequence. We witness Stan leaving his past in ashes, then catching the first ride out of town, until he steps off and follows a dwarf into the heart of a carnival where sideshows and freaks are the attraction. Through this progression, Stan utters nary a word for quite an extended period. Soon enough, Stan has become part of the fabric of the carnival, thanks to Clem Hoatley (Willem Dafoe) giving him a job, and mentalist Zeena (Toni Collette) giving him more than that. Stan is a quick study and takes in Clem's history of "the geek", and more importantly, he absorbs all secrets and the code from the telepathy show Zeena and her alcoholic husband Pete (David Strathairn) constructed. They not only pass along their trade secrets, but also a warning to avoid "spook shows", which involves bringing up the dead for audience members.Stan takes to the con quite naturally, and soon he is teaming with 'electric girl' Molly Cahill (Rooney Mara) to fine-tune their own psychic shows. Their relationship grows and within a few years, the two are performing at swanky hotels for high-society audience. It's at this point where the movie transitions abruptly from the raunchy carnival setting with tattered tent flaps, floors of hay, and freaks and gadgets, to stunningly sleek Art Deco, fancy dress, and fancier words. One evening, Stan battles wits with an audience member, and his life path is altered again. Dr. Lilith Ritter (Oscar winner Cate Blanchett) is a psychologist who stays a step ahead of Stan, though he never realizes she has drawn him into her scheme, leading him to believe they are working together.For those who have not seen the 1947 film, you won't know that the central idea that folks need to believe in something is minimized, while Cooper's differing approach to the role will not matter. However, for fans of the earlier film, it seems clear his intentions are less sinister, and he merely views his new skill as a path to wealth. Additionally, his aversion to alcohol too obviously foretells a role in his ultimate downfall. Ms. Blanchett relishes her role as a most intelligent noir femme fatale, and at times, simply overpowers Cooper in their scenes ... although these scenes are gorgeous. This cast is absurdly talented and deep, and also includes Richard Jenkins, (Oscar winner) Mary Steenburgen, Holt McCallany, Clifton Collins Jr, Tim Blake Nelson, Jim Beaver, Mark Povinelli, Ron Perlman, and Peter MacNeil. Mr. Cooper and Ms. Blanchett are the featured performers, although my preference would have been more Dafoe and Collette.Perhaps the real stars of the film are the technical team members: Production Designer Tamara Deverell, Art Director Brandt Gordon, Set Director Shane Vileau, and Costume Designer Luis Sequeira. In fact, one of Ms. Blanchett's dresses is designed cleverly for one scene which reveals something from Lilith's past. It's rare for a film to offer two such contrasting and brilliant looks as what we see here with the carnival in the first half, and the Art Deco of the second. Nathan Johnson's music is a good fit, especially for the first half.Surprisingly, it seems as filmmaker del Toro has softened the edges of the characters and story for a more accessible film, though it still features less-than-admirable human beings. It lacks the final packaging regarding the reason the pieces are all related, and we never experience the nerve-jarring intensity of a true noir, though that final scene with Cooper and Tim Blake Nelson is stellar. The director seems to love the shadowy look and feel of the carnival and characters, and not so much the glossy bits of the second half. Still, how good is a filmmaker when one that is not his best work, is still at a level many filmmakers can only dream of? The letdown is like the "geek" job ... it's only temporary.Opening in theaters on December 17, 2021.
6 William Lindsay Gresham's novel gets a second noir screen treatment following the 1947-Tyrone Power version about a self-described hustler in the 1930s who drifts into a traveling freak-show carnival after literally setting his past ablaze. The film has been crafted with style by director Guillermo del Toro (who also co-produced and co-wrote the screenplay-adaptation with Kim Morgan), but it is in no way a profound work--it's all flash. Many will no doubt add their lofty labels to the picture, but I saw it more simply: a rags-to-riches-to-rags melodrama, with a circular finish that didn't sneak up on me or shock me (it plays flatly). Bradley Cooper is solid in the lead role; it isn't a knockout performance, but then I'm not sure either del Toro or Cooper (who also co-produced) meant it to be. Cooper's Stanton Carlisle is, basically, a jerk--an opportunist who seems oblivious of his actions (which is just how Tyrone Power played him in the original). When one of the carnies dies of wood alcohol poisoning--from a bottle given to him by Carlisle, who had to sneak around to get it--we're not sure if this was intentional or a mistake or an act of mercy (the screenplay tries to have it all three ways). Carlisle is haunted--but is it by guilt...remorse...regret? He's an enigma, and a lot of moviegoers will have fun trying to figure him out. Two years after leaving the carnival, wherein he took a hopeful young woman he had emboldened with him, Carlisle has come up with a mind-reading act that he performs with his wife in fancy supper clubs; this is where he comes across Cate Blanchett as a poison-beauty psychologist (and we hardly needed to see Stanton's treacherous tarot card reading to understand she will lead to his downfall). "Nightmare Alley" has a striking Art Deco and snow-swept design that is giddily beautiful--you can enjoy the film purely on visual terms--but the story gives up on itself at a crucial point in the picture. Yes, everything has to go wrong--that's the trap of the "Nightmare"--but the actions of the characters (particularly Rooney Mara's good-girl, Molly) are infuriatingly stupid. Why everyone suddenly has to become hysterical and the plot to lose its logic to get us to that ending is beyond me. It felt like a slap in the face to see the house of cards come down this way. I'm sure all the talents involved thought they were giving us a delicious, twisty plot that would also make us think, but when the people we've been watching and have become absorbed by start acting foolish just to push things along, I sense a calculated and mechanical process behind the imagery. Is the film worth-watching? I would say yes, it's above-average, but it leaves one feeling bitter and used, and I'm not sure if or why del Toro was aiming for such a response. It's a fever dream, but the details don't add up and the action stops making sense. I wanted to feel exhilarated by the protagonist's comeuppance, but the filmmaker apparently wants our sympathies too and it doesn't wash. **1/2 from ****
6 3 out of 5 stars.Nightmare Alley is a fair psychological thriller film that may not be Guillermo del Toro best film. It does have a neo noir direction and a story of a carny getting mixed up with a psychiatrist that may not be who she seems and him pretending to be a medium. Decent plot. The script and direction is slow and boring. The cast ensemble is good with great performances led by Bradley Cooper. The film is quite forgettable.
4 This is marginal at best. Slow for sure, and at 2.5 hours long is just way too drawn out. This is not some masterpiece that needs an extra hour to setup the boring ending.Lots of extra scenes, filler and added characters to try and distract the audience into believing that they are seeing something impressive. The acting is decent enough, but awards?? I guess in the drain ditch of 2021 movies in which most are trash this rises to the top.I'd be fine if everyone just skipped the 2021 award season and called it a mulligan. Nothing was done with patience and execution and most writers just whipped up something quick and easy for a payday. This is just more of the same.
7 Like all of Del Toro's films, Nightmare Alley is a visual feast. The production design and cinematography transported me into his grim and glossy dystopian vision.Also, the acting is some of the best I've seen in one of Del Toro's movies. Bradley Cooper gives perhaps his finest performance, and he sells every unsettling moment of this horrifying cautionary tale as his character is consumed by the consequences of his pride.The best moments in this story really are some of the best scenes of the year, and they will stick with me for some time to come.The film's biggest weakness is it's obviously bloated runtime. The second act really meanders and focuses on romantic subplots without giving us reasons to believe that the characters fall in love. A great deal of material should have been either explored more or cut altogether. As it stands, the center of this story is woefully half-baked.Still, the production design and performances alone make this worth checking out. It really is something to behold.
3 I generally haven't been a fan of most del Toro movies. I like his style and how out-there his movies try to be. But for the most part they don't land for me. So take this review for what it's worth.I was enjoying this movie for a while. It's generally well-made with good performances, especially Cooper. But the story doesn't progress in any kind of intriguing way. I started getting bored. And by the end, it doesn't really amount to anything. So many parts of this movie go nowhere. I felt completely unsatisfied and was happy to leave the theater. (1 viewing, 12/23/2021)
8 Great cinematography, acting, and well built story. A bit slow and somehow predictable, however worth it the time and the story and characters stay with you after leaving the theater.
6 This is one of del Toro's worst films to date. It was way too long, stuffed with endless muddled filler, and for what little (underwhelming) substance there was, the slow pacing made it that much more unrewarding. I kept waiting for the convolution to end, and to start seeing some cohesive and suspenseful storytelling. But nope, just slow ongoing melodramatic boredom - for a ridiculously long 150 mins. The only thing this film had going for it, was the all-star cast and their excellent performances, as well as the great cinematography and outstanding sets, wardrobes, and stunning visuals. It's a 6/10 from me.
2 So, I've just came back from seeing this film & have to say I didn't have any expectations. Well, I thought this to be a Horror Film upon hearing about it, but was disappointed after seeing it.The film sees a down-on-his-luck drifter named Stanton Carlisle, who during 1940's New York, endears himself to a clairvoyant and her mentalist husband at a traveling carnival. Using newly acquired knowledge at the carnival he arrived at, Carlisle crafts a golden ticket to success by swindling the elite and wealthy & gains wealth from doing so. Wanting his big break, he plans to con a very dangerous tycoon with help from a mysterious psychiatrist who might be his most formidable opponent yet.I found the film to be pretty boring. The story, while simple, you can't make ends meat with unless you read what the film is about which even then can be forgotten as there's no obvious or should I say clear narrative to keep the audience invested. The films dragged out pacing & runtime don't help with this as like I said above, you could read what the film is about & then forget as the film drags on. The film could've been nearly an hour shorter. The film is a staggering 2 hours & 21 minutes long.The film itself is boring & lacks any action or scenes to, like the story, keep the audience invested & interested. The action we did get was good however but too few & far between. The ending was a bit weird but not too bad. The acting, dialogue & script were alright, but lacked impact, except the action scenes, they were good.Overall, it's a 2 hour & 21 minute bore of a film that lacks a plot to speak of & lacks action or anything interesting to keep the audience invested & interested. The films sluggish pacing & overloaded runtime combined with a thin plotless incoherent narrative just makes this one of the worst films of 2022.2/10.
5 I didn't know what to expect but this was not it. It was neither a nightmare nor anything from an alley. I feel like a lot of money was spent for nothingness. 5 for production value only.
7 LIKESThe Classy Dialogue:
This movie's plot takes place in the 1940s, a different time of talking, culture, and survival instincts that we only can get a glimpse through storytelling. Nightmare Alley manages to help grab the class associated with the high society of the times and how one must speak in the line of Stanton's work. It's an art to designing the lines of not only the past, but also of the high profile of these characters and they did a marvelous job with executing the mannerisms and terminology required to bring the world to full light. It may seem small, but somehow that manner of speaking is a core component to the characters and helps set a lot of the mood for the climactic points of the movie.The Setting:
For a movie all about the dark entrances of the human psyche and manipulation, one has to set the stage for the "hero" to play in. Nightmare Alley accomplishes the goal for me on taking us back into the past where the carnival was a key element of life for entertaining the imaginations of the people. The setting in all acts is beautiful, attention to detail laced in the historical settings of the carnival and the niche that it provided for those down on their lucks. From the visualization of the under stages, to the harsh reality of life during the nights in those tents, you really become immersed in the microecosystem that carnivals were. Eventually the second act sets a new stage and again, the immaculate design of the buildings is gorgeous in the architecture that was once used during those times. The furniture, the clothing, and heck even the radios that were key to entertainment, all hold that antiquated appearance and help pull you into the deceitful world of Stanton's art.The Acting:
Again, a wonderful performance by many of the casted characters, and truly one of the hardest lifters of the tale. Nightmare Alley's star is of course Bradley Cooper, who manages to give another quality performance in the tragic case of Stanton Carlisle. Cooper has seemed to master the art of playing a convoluted character, a realistic human who gets placed into many opportunities and has to make a choice as to what path he will take. That evolution of the character into what he becomes seems to be easy for him, and he does a great job of giving all the emotional running required of him, really being the anchoring point of cast of characters. Cate Blanchett is back in a comfortable role for her, one of elegance, charm, and that dark class of something brewing within her that she sells so naturally. Blanchett's usual anti-hero demeanor from previous works fit very well int his tale, and alongside a wonderful look in the fashions of the time, she fit comfortably in her character. For Collette, the woman seems to have a niche with the darker tales, and this role can be described as Hereditary's bizarre belief with the realistic touch she had in Knives Out. I quite enjoyed her character's inclusion in this movie, a potential piece that held so much sway over Stanton's character, but not in the political way we see movies, but more of a natural character who was just living life. Colette's investment in making such a run of the mill character really stand out without the cheese factor, is something I applaud her for and only wished we had gotten more time with her during the second act. Yet another actress who should get top billing is Rooney Mara, the wonderful actress was hands down my favorite character of the film, who danced with Stanton through much and again had her own changes taxing her moral compass. Mara's work at being subtle and just living life through her character is stunning, and I loved that they utilized her natural beauty and grace in a role that was not extreme in either aspect. Again, I would have liked more time with her, but what time she does have paints the more angelic nature of the film for those who like a little light in their darkness.The Story Planning:
I have not seen the original, nor read any material it is based on, however for a movie by itself, this reviewer appreciates the wonderful planning involved in the detail. Like a lower key Ocean's 11, Nightmare Alley manages to give you a tale that shows just how Stanton became the person he became and uses a few styles that match what a first rate novel accomplishes. The first act is all about him learning the trade and the relationships he formed, while the second is all about the trade's application and how he made it his own, with many pieces explained and smoothly interspersed to make a linear tale easy to follow. Meanwhile, the pasts of many of our characters are baked in as well, sometimes in the form of a flashback, and other times naturally thrown into the conversation for us to pick up on. The writers of the book and screenplay managed to marry both worlds well and I quite enjoyed the level of writing the movie held.The Visuals:
We are not talking about the setting or costumes in this moment, but instead the camera and lighting that del Toro has integrated into his vision of the story. As always, the man plays with darker tales of humanity and his visuals also seem to dance around with these concepts as he brings the psyche part to life. From the eerie colors and ominous grey filter set over the moments of the carnival, to the polished and naturally lighting that other buildings bring, the lighting almost tells the tale better than the acting at times. And when key moments arise, he manages to get the right shot and lighting pallet to unleash the full momentum of the scene and give you the emotional kick that you just never knew you needed.DISLIKES:The Predictability:
Despite all the elevation of the dialogue and the class, the tale was very predictable for me, lacking little twists and turns. The foreshadowing makes the direction so obvious, including the ending that I had down by the last thirty minutes of the movie. I had hoped for a little more of that del Toro intervention to help get that awe factor into the film, but that may have deterred from the source material too much.More Time With Other Characters:
This is a film about one man's dive into the "mental reading" components that were famous in the 1900s and they indeed do accomplish that task. Yet, there are several characters I would have liked more time in their perspective or more working with them than what we got. Toni Collette is of course the first one I mentioned earlier, and given the alluring character she played, I was hoping for some more time in her work with Cooper given the chemistry they were showing. While they did use her to great potential, I feel there was more that she did and hated seeing it cut out for all the other tales in this film. Mara as well could have had some more moments from her perspective, minor given how much he was ingrained in the second act, but still something was missing to fully link the bricks and drop the hammer on the tale. Yet, the biggest disappointment for me was Blanchett's use in this movie. For someone with top billing and the synopsis plot being there, she really is not the most utilized of the bunch for me and was surprised there was not more done with the power house of an actress that she is. I'll give them the scenes they invested held the power and mind games promised, but she was very much an accessory, with limited time on her shots happening from the shadows more than really investing into the moment. Quite disappointing to be honest and I would have liked to see more of her involvement on screen than off, especially with how fast the ending occurred. Speaking of whichThe Pacing:
Hands down the worst element of the movie for me is the pacing, particularly how slow the movie feels as time drags on. In the first act, it is not so bad, merely stuck in a few elements of time, but for the most part keeps things going in the study of the act. Sure, there are moments that are a little glazed over, or missing, but the tight focus on getting to the second act keeps it fine. It's that second act that really slogs through the mud, a convoluted mess of visits, walking through hallways, and these teases with Blanchett's character that slowly just circle to the obvious conclusion coming. It lacks the finesse of the carny scene, utilizes its characters to a weaker level, and by the final number has bored so much with the jargon I was starting to fight sleep to stay invested. Then the ending happens, and suddenly things are hastily sped through, and that full moment of the scene is sort of lost and underwhelming, ending on an artistic note that may not be as welcomed.The VERDICT:Nightmare Alley accomplishes much in the way it tells the story and the visualization of ta human nature tale with a slight "thriller" element to it. The writing is classy and layered to capture the high society and jargon of the time periods, with natural integration of story into human conversation. Acting wise, it holds a lot of fantas.
2 The novel 'Nightmare Alley' is a cult classic for a reason. It's the story of the gradual destruction of a naive hustler, under the weight of his own deceptions and with the connivance of a 'therapist who's even more vicious than he is. The morbidly fascinating story was done acceptably in 1947 with Tyrone Power, though slightly spoiled by an artificially happy ending., When I read that Guillermo del Toro was doing a version with Bradley Cooper, I was really excited. The match of material and artist seemed perfect.Instead, the movie is a disaster. Instead of the uninhibited, naturally talented, but naive hustler, we have a sociopathic killer fleeing from patricide. Instead of the gradual descent into geekdom by the weight of the lifestyle, we have multiple homicides and suicides, none of which are in the original and all of which conflict with the theme. The morbid fascination of the original becomes dull and banal.It is amazing to me that men as talented as these could so totally misunderstand and misconceive the fascinating appeal of the source material. But that's what happened. The movie is a major disappointment, and actually should not have the name of the novel.
5 There is no doubt Guillermo Del Peter Jackson is talented. He is cinematic royalty with cinema nerds. Because his references run deep. A lot better buried than Tarantino.The production design is outstanding and should earn a nomination.Here we have a very extended EC Comics "Tales From The Crypt" flick that is unpleasant in the pre-just-about war era. Though Bradley Cooper plays the schlub perfectly fine Del Toro seems to want his cake and eat it too. Cooper plays a nice fellow here but also a hustler. Because he tells us so. Doesn't exactly mbefore. So. He's a very talented opportunist. Given the circumstances of the world, it seems he isn't any different than anyone else. We are assume he knows how to grift people but also struggles to a be a good man to a sweet sideshow electro girl (Rooney Mara). That may sound like a complex character but none of it bodes well when the final comeuppance falls on him. There is nothing aggregious he actually does to earn the ending. Well, depending on how you view justice.This movie is also very deeply cynical. Not sure who Brad's main nemesis was, himself or a psychologist he meets. They both seem to want to play the same game. She just doesn't seem to be that effective in the story though she is integrated a bit. We know less after than before
overall, just a very flat film. Take it or leave it.
9 Sometimes you just know ... maybe not consciously, but you just seem to know ... for better or worse. And Bradley Cooper (or rather his character) probably just knows ... but I am getting ahead of myself. The movie is a visual feast - I think everyone can agree with that. If you have seen at least one other movie from Del Toro, you already know that.What I have not done (yet), is see the other Nightmare Alley movie that exists. I imagine that it is quite different than Del Toros version, but it may lead to the same place. So if I watch it, I will be aware of that ... and we're back to square one. No pun intended.Great actors with great performances round the picture here - again no pun intended. Especially the lead role that some if not most viewers should have (or take) issues with. He takes his sweet time to talk ... but that is not even close to an issue I am refering to.The ending is quite amazing - in a movie where you may have problems to root for any character in this ... it still will punch you where it hurts or at least will leave you stunned. Crazy times and crazy yet slightly funny anecdotes along the way ... I once was lost, but now I am ... well what am I? A good question and one that may get the right answer in this movie ...
7 Stanton Carlisle (Bradley Cooper) disposes a body by burning it inside an isolated farm house. He rides the bus to the end of the line and there, he finds a traveling circus owned by Clem Hoatley (Willem Dafoe). He joins the circus. Zeena the Seer (Toni Collette) is taken with him but he's more interested in Molly Cahill (Rooney Mara). He learns the tricks of the trade from Zeena and her drunken husband Pete. In time, he and Molly leave the circus. They become a successful seeing act and then Dr. Lilith Ritter (Cate Blanchett) challenges them.I'm so dumb. It's not until the plot completes its loop when I realized that this is a remake and I already saw the 1947 version. Before then, I kept thinking that the movie would be better to stay in the circus. Like the original, the ending really packs a poetic punch. Director Guillermo del Toro's style cannot be denied. Cooper has his boyish charms. This is a worthy remake.
1 This cast was not needed for this film and people are saying that films are bombing unless they're big budget marvel films or action films which is NOT correct. The movie audience is changing its habits unless it gets glowing word of mouth or a realistic vision of what they're seeing they'll skip it in the theater and wait to stream it. We wished we would have waited. This is the 1st Guillermo del Toro film we didnt give a 9 or 10. The twists were extremely predictable and boring the ending we saw coming a MILE AWAY!! I'm shocked that Guillermo del Toro thought this was a great movie and that it had a WOW ending. It's no shutter island it's not even knives out it's a boring orient Express. Pass on this overrated boring film and see something worthy of paying theater prices. Wow really let down WE'RE HUGE GUILLERMO DEL TORO fans!! Hoping Pinocchio is back to his great directing.
10 I don't care what the critics say or the other reviews this was breathtaking. And Tessa's speech at the end was beautiful and something we all need to come to realize.The color work on this movie was gorgeous. The play out of their love story was so wonderful. And so genuine.Both leading actors did a phenomenal job!
7 The premise wasn't large enough for the movie. The actors made the love story convincing. There was great beauty in the choice of locations and images. But the lack of depth in the singular point to which the flow of the movie travelled was too superficial to anchor the film, it couldn't rise to greatness. It's too bad, there were such great elements. I wish I could have given this film more than a 7 (okay) out of 10. {Ethereal Romance}
4 You don't need a big budget to be able to make an average or above average movie. For those that use the excuse this movie only suffered because or give it credit for the low budget are delusional lol.Who decided on the cast? It's not a good idea to cast a 28 year old as a high school teen. Kyle Allen doesn't look 17 or 18, not even close. They don't even try to have Kyle act like a teen. What teen no matter where they're from speaks the lines they gave Kyle?Joey King who I thought was a very good actress, seemed to over-act most of her scenes. Her laughing scenes were forced and very noticeably fake. Although it might be a bit easier to cast a 20 something actress as a 17 year old, once again it didn't work.Is there a shortage of talented high school age actors?The location Avalon, New Jersey is original and a great idea. However, they only showed small, very small sections. Avalon is beautiful and they could have took more advantage of the location.I also thought the music in the movie was very
good, much better than the actual movie itself.The movie turns out to be good background noise.
9 This movie was beautify done in time for Valentines day. And so far will be my top pick. It made me cry, so I think the chemistry between the two leads was incomparable. I will say some parts were slow but for the most part the story was very engaging. I loved when she walked across the wall. This movie was not a waste of time at all! Also, IF you love a heartbreaking love stories then this is a movie for you.My own personal opinion is if they were SO in love then why didn't she just stay with him? Must not have been too in love with him. What about when she changes her mind and wants to die again? Or she forgets about him and moves on? The end kind of ruined it for me and it would have made for a better movie if they had ended up together at the end. But again I say, personal opinion.
6 There's a whole lotta of "too" involved with this movie: too melodramatic, too much like "Ghost," too many romantic tropes, too too too. All of that said, I'm awarding it one extra star (5->6) for the serious and sincere attempts by star Joey King and the supporting cast (including Celeste O'Connor and Donna Biscoe) to sell all of it to us with a brightly colored bow (or cap) on top.
4 This movie is pretty boring. The couple does'nt appear to have any chemistry. Watch them kiss and see if you feel any love there.The movie seemed to drag on forever, most likely because it was boring. I really like Joey King, but she could not save this mess. Her boyfriend's acting seemed very wooden.Not worth watching unless you absolutely can't find anything else to watch.
5 "The In Between" opens with a David Foster Wallace quote: "every love story is a ghost story." This is what happens to Tessa (Joey King) following a fatal car accident that claims the life of her boyfriend Skylar (Kyle Allen) and leaves her with a broken heart. Her destroyed phone inexplicably turns on and shows a photo sent to her by Skylar, and she feels his presence at the hospital. Another fellow patient tries to tell her about ADC - "after death communication". This is the punch line and the story line. However there are more plot holes in this movie than in a Swiss cheese. This movie also blatantly idealizes Tessa's desire to end her life to be with Skylar. Apart from the strong acting performance of Joey King (Tessa), this movie is a waste of time. There is no clear direction and the supernatural stuff in this movie just does not make any sense at all.
5 ...love story with after-life suggestions, but insufficient suggestions. The film could, or should, have beeen shorter by at least 15 minutes. Watchable and soon forgettable.
6 RATED 6/10
Language: EnglishThe romantic drama with supernatural story flow... The reason for supernatural angle looks so silly when it ends.... it was good in bits and pieces but as a whole something is missing...
9 It's amazing how the individual network streamers are streaming their own movies and shows. So much junk out there, and some good things, but mostly things that have to add a lot of nudity and cursing in their shows. None of that was required for this, it was an amazing movie, the plot and script, while not original, was super well done and kept me interested and engaged to see how it would work it out. The acting, well it was impressive how well the cast sold their characters. Amazing, amazing job Paramount+! Well worth my money monthly (if this was the only thing I watched, which it isn't). It is a sad movie, as you can tell from the description of the show, but boy! It was very touching, very well done and totally worth my time to watch it. Highly recommend this movie.
8 I actually thought this was done quite well. It was well written, some interesting concepts, first love and horrendous tragedy. Not too cheesy, but you felt the emotions with the characters.
5 The idea of an afterlife place called the In Between was interesting but unnecessary to the actual plot of the movie. It was mostly here to make it different to other romance movies.I like Joey King and I thought she wasn't that bad in this movie along with Kyle Allen, who was also not that bad in the movie.The relationship with the main couple was cute and they did have some chemistry with each other. The accident they go through is effective and emotional when you find out how it happens.But all of these small positives of the movie doesn't hide the fact that it's standard.Overall, this is a standard romance movie with a weird element added to make it different from other movies. It just makes it a supernatural movie for no reason.
10 I felt soo connected to this movie
That I was inspired to write a poem about love's unending state and eternity.Even if memories take your place still and still I want to follow you wherever you go,
even if tears had become wounds to my wings,
my burning heart that holds my wish will fly away and find you again
because love doesn't end
dear Earnest.
7 I am looking at the film as a simple story told in a non linear manner and kept the interest of the viewer till the end. King is very sweet and fits the part of Tess to the T. Rest of the cast were just about OK. I feel most critics have given it a lower rating comparing it with normal big budget films, whereas this one is an out and out made for OTT. Hence I have given an additional star than what I'd normally do. Can there be a sequel?
9 April 2022 Construed and overblown teenage drama.Felt like a YA book. Nothing against YA fiction, but then you know you get superficial and draaaaamaaaa.The characters are sketchy, too grown up for their age, much too shrink-y and greeting-card dialogues.There was a cute love story somewhere in it, but they chose not to tell it and go for her annoying problems.Basically, had she not been such an angsty (b) he would still be alive, so that's on her. He was definitely the better person.Her photos are generic, all this 'oh but she's a genius' is boring.By the way, you don't need 'super'natural to say goodbye. Nature gave us the gift of imagination.Nice cinematography, okay acting.
8 Joey King and Kyle Allen have something special together but I felt like it was all in the right beautiful direction but just needed to to let go a little more and let it all flow into further magic.Overall a lovely and unique take on love and loss.
10 This is the best love story I have seen in a very long time! Totally unpredictable, keeps you on the edge of your seat every singe minute, completely fresh, with top-notch film-making and great chemistry between the lead actors.I have watched this movie three times with a lot of my friends and we all loved it every single one of us. The people commenting on here are either immature teen boyswho would rather be playing video games, or else people without a heart, or adults who dont care to see a movie about teens. If you want to see a movie that is a great story and told with amazing shots and lots of suspense and total feels, this is the movie for you!!
5 Depending on your expectations and preferences you may like this more or less. And while I dig the female lead here (not just optically speaking, but her acting skills that is), neither her nor the male lead can save the day - sorry for the pun.Love stories can be redeeming and the ones that have a supernatural touch to it may even give hope to some people (eternal love and all that stuff). So as I already stated above, it is important how you view things and how willing you are to open up. Do not expect the chemistry of the people in this to match up to anything from any classic romantic movies though. There is a certain spark that I feel is missing here .. but then again, that may only be me (and quite a few others as the rating is showing of course) ...
3 This film is a tough pill to swallow. It's whiny, unnecessarily emotional, the couple has zero chemistry, even if you like the actors individually. I think it's a film for people who like to feel very sad in a privileged world, though I can't really say because there is no story-arch here.It really is a bad film from start to finish. In the first few scenes it tricks you into making you think it might turn out to be a good story, but it is not. I sat through the whole thing because I don't like to judge movies I did not watch completely - and I kind of regret it now.
1 This is a movie about 100 different ideas and none of those ideas is well shown in this movie. We didnt even get her story and her mom story and why her adopted father mentioned her mother?? And this man stucked inbetween just for a girl he knew a summer and not about his parents that he was talking about them non stop?? Its a non sense low budget movie. And they dont even look like teenagers and tessa she had a very bad laugh its like if someone forced her to laugh .... its a no no.
1 This movie is borderline plagerism of book series that came out in the 90s and later in the 2000s the author wrote 3 more books. Called Kissed by an Angel. Look it up. Read the synopsis and you will see what I mean. And unless the original author was involved in this film ( which doesn't seem like she was) this borderline plagerism. What's really unbelievable is the lengths the author went to find this. There are obvious changes made probably to avoid being sued for plagerism. But there are SO many things stolen directly from the book. The car accident to the way they come together. He teaches her something. To the way the story is told in before and after to the way he contacts her after his death. ... And I don't believe his "personal story" he claims gave him the inspiration. Because this entire plot down to the details is STRAIGHT out of kissed by an angel. And he probably was counting on no one knowing because it not a super well known book or series. Shame on the writer for stealing someone else's work so blatantly and hiding in a tragic personal story, so no one could question it or risk sounding like a terrible person. I have no problem being the one to do that. Creative integrity should be sacred.
7 This was not the best tragic love story ever, but it's close to being one. I spent 15 minutes after it just staring into the sky and crying. And i'm not a tragic love stories fan, i actually hate them, kinda like skylar in the story here but this really hurt me.It's not about if it's logical or fantasy to reach to someone in the in between to try to say something you regret not saying.. it's about the trauma she was experiencing whether or not what she saw and felt was real about him reaching out to her.I feel like my words are disconnected but i really felt her loss and desperation to reach him so muchAnd the ending credit with them together and THAT song
OMG i was weeping in front of thatit's not the best movie ever it has it's flaws but it's an experience and emotions roller coaster for real.
9 I don't understand people that gave this a bad review. This movie is exactly what it's supposed to be: a movie for teenagers. First love, movie love, something that doesn't actually happen in real life. This is what Hollywood was created for, to give people hope that fairytales exist.Movies are not made to be realistic.If you want realistic, watch a documentary, watch the discovery channel. Movies are made for entertainment. You people keep forgetting that!
2 Sometimes there's films so generic that you know it's not going to be any good just by looking at it. The In Between is an example, with the generic title hinting the awfulness and laziness of the film.The plot involves our protagonist, teenage girl Tessa, whose boyfriend Skylar died in a car accident. We suddenly go back to about 100 days before the crash. We know that because the scenes after the crash has a significantly grey and blue tone to it. Tessa is a photographer, and she met Skylar in a theatre. They love each other, and the rest you get it.Tessa is played by Joey King, who is famous for the Kissing Booth movies, thankfully unwatched by me. I have nothing bad to say about King, but the male protagonist, played by Kyle Allen, is seriously wooden here. Is this how all hot guys are? Wooden acting? I look back at examples like Timothée Chalamet in Call Me by Your Name, and that doesn't seem like the case.All we get most of the time is long and drawn out sequences of Tessa and Skylar being a couple with very forced romance. Not even a single spark of chemistry here. What's the point to tell us about their life before the crash? We already know that he will die. It's not like what they do have anything to do with the accident anyways. All the couple ever does is kiss all the time and have dull conversations.It took extremely long time to have something happen. What happens is that Skylar connects with Tessa through the in between. Yes, like Ghost (1990). I usually have some hope that a bad movie will offer a special ending, but in this case I cannot see a good ending coming from a mile away. Movies like this is only for teenage girls to see Joey King and Kyler Allen kissing and being "cute", and then crying at the ending because it tells them to. Low budget does not justify a movie like this.
8 I don't understand the low rating or the negative reviews. This movie touched on so many elements of true love and loss. The chemistry between the two actors made it great.You don't really get movies like this very often that touch upon love and the afterlife. This was well done in my opinion.There was a semi similar movie, If I Stay (2014) but in my opinion it wasn't anywhere as touching as this.If only there were an in between where we could communicate with our loved one's one last time. Maybe there is. Maybe some of us have experienced it in some way.
9 The last three movies I saw in theater were real dogs. I won't say what they were, but the last one rhymes with "fake tricks." I was in a movie slump, which made me a little apprehensive about "Sing 2." Turns out there was no need to be apprehensive at all, this movie was amazing."Sing 2" had all the old gang minus the mouse. The movie began with a Buster Moon (Matthew McConaughey) production with a big time talent scout from Redshore City in the audience. Redshore City is like a suped up Las Vegas. Moon's updated musical version of "Alice in Wonderland" wasn't enough to impress the scout, but Moon would not be denied. In his classic hustling fashion he got his theater troupe on the Redshore City stage to secure a full musical, but with one big condition: he'd need Clay Calloway (Bono) in his production. With a new act, a new member, a missing link, and his life on the line, Moon would need a miracle to make it all happen.I don't know why, but I liked "Sing 2" even more than "Sing." The musical numbers, again, were fantastic and the plot was wonderful. All of the characters are easy to like and the music works with the flow of the movie as well as the feel of the movie. Even though the plot is very similar to part one, enough elements were different to make it fresh and thoroughly enjoyable.
26 January 2022 "Sing 2" is truly delightful to watch! The characters are cute, the colour palette is vibrant, and the songs are good. It will bring a smile to everyone's faces!
9 Sing 2 (2021) is a movie my wife and I recently watched in theatres. The storyline follows the gang from the first film performing together in the same theatre and not making it big time as they hoped. They decide to pack up and head to Vegas for an audition for a show on the strip. They win the audition but in doing so promised a star for the show who has long since retired. As the gang gets ready for their big act they will need to try and convince a star who has been out of the industry for 15 years to return to performing.This movie is directed by Garth Jennings (Sing) and contains the voices of Matthew McConaughey (Mud), Reese Witherspoon (Legally Blond), Scarlett Johansson (Avengers), Tara Strong (Power Puff Girls), Jason Schwartzman (Moonrise Kingdom) and Nick Kroll (Sausage Party).The movie starts with a bang with a fantastic rendition of Alice and Wonderland and is brilliant from there. The audition sequence in this is hilarious. The ending show is very well done and fun to watch unfold. They did a great job of not tipping off the final performance to the audience. The song selection is awesome and the portrayal of the characters is excellent. The animation is some of the best I've ever seen. The storyline unfolds well but predictably and the villain is perfectly intense.Overall this is a very well done movie that is a perfect follow-up to the first movie with a well thought-out plot and good use of characters. I would score this an 8.5/10 and strongly recommend it.
7 First, I thought Sing (2016) was funny and entertaining. It had great voice acting, great characters, good songs, great musical numbers, and pretty animation.So, I wasn't expecting much in the sequel. But, after watching I found it was just as good as the first movie.Sing 2 (2021) was really entertaining. The characters are voiced well by the same great voice cast and I thought they were also funny.There were scenes I didn't expect, and they were funny especially when there are serious moments, then they are surprising.The songs are good, and the voice actors can sing well, along with great choreographed dance numbers. The animation is pretty and has improved since the first movie.I think Illumination animation is really good and they've done great movies, like Despicable Me. The 3rd act was surprising and the final performance is nicely staged with great songs.When the 3rd act starts, I start liking the movie even more while it keeps surprising me with unexpected scenes. I really do suggest watching Sing 2 (2021), but only if you liked the first one.I really think you will laugh and will be really entertained in how it plays out.
8 If you haven't seen Sing (the first movie), I recommend seeing it before you watch this one. There is a lot of carry over jokes and information you need to see first.Other than this, you should just enjoy the movie. The entire family did and the kids were laughing. There are plenty of singing, dancing, and hit songs. The script is easy to follow, the characters are funny and the movie isn't slogged down with any politics, sex or drugs. It's just fun entertainment, the way a movie should be made.
7 Suited for young and old. Endearing musical movie about funny cartoon characters voiced over by famous actors and singers.For me especially the U2 songs were interesting to listen to and Bono's voice over was pretty funny as well. For U2 fans especially it is worth while taking a peek at this movie for the new U2 covers, which are quite fun to listen to. And let's not forget this is Bono's acting debut, although in the costume of an old, but gracious lion...
7 I was pleasantly surprised to see that Sing 2 was better than the original. Although I didn't have an extremely high opinion of the first film, this sequel took the same elements and really blew me away. All the characters are true to their personalities and develop more as they confront challenges on a larger scale than ever before. Tired of being overlooked, the ever ambitious Buster Moon cheats his way into the dazzling Redford City and wins over Crystal and his daughter... for as long as he can! The rest of the cast find they're not what it takes, as Suki had warned them, but they force themselves to make the show work, no matter what. Throughout this film we get many new characters and some returning ones, which does mess up the flow of the film and makes the plot feel choppy at times, but it all comes together at the end.
7 Unbelievably great. Although Sing film series has only one purpose that they perform a great show no matter how difficult situation they are in, I didn't think that it would turn out to be this great. That being said, I'd like to see some other different plots. Still, it's so much fun and in my opinion, it's better than the first one. I had a great time with this film.
7 Sing 2 continues with the story of Buster Moon(Matthew McConaughey) & his buddies. They try to persuade the notoriously private rock music icon, Clay Calloway(Bono), to sing with them for a new musical, they're staging.Sing 2 is a fun film. Director Garth Jennings has retained the feel-good spirit of Sing(2016) & of course lots of new foot-tapping songs sung by our favorite stars. The original music by U2 lead singer Bono, is fantastic. The cast's voice-overs & their singing, is the highlight of the movie. Matthew McConaughey is brilliant as Buster Moon. Reese Witherspoon is spectacular as Rosita. Scarlett Johansson is fantastic as Ash. Tori Kelly is outstanding as Meena. Taron Egerton is phenomenal as Johnny. Bobby Cannavale is perfect as Mr. Crystal. Bono is excellent as Clay Calloway. The supporting cast is unforgettable. Sing 2 is a must watch, with your entire family. Go & singalong with your favorite characters.
10 It's not often that a sequel is actually better than the original, but I can certainly say that that was the case here, Sing 2 came out of nowhere and was an incredible surprise.You might not know this, but Matthew McConaughey is one of my absolute favorite actors ever, and he's one of the the reason I love these films so much, he carries all of them.The first sing was awesome, and Interstellar was gorgeous, he was perfect in Interstellar and smashed it here.Johnny and Meena get much better character work than the previous film, and I was so happy when his dad appeared.Sing 2 also features some of my favorite songs ever, they need to release a sing-along version.This animation is spectacular, just like the first one, that ending sequence is breathtaking, and Sing 2 is extremely funny.Whoever got rock star Bono here deserves an award or something, perfect casting choice, he plays a very damaged character, and when he started performing it was amazing.Sing 2 is a better, funnier, realer version of the first one.A+.Perfect way to end the year.
8 The sequel to the 2016 original is more of the traditional 'Little Rascals/let's put on a show' as our intrepid promoter, voiced by Matthew McConaughey's Buster Moon, has hopes of taking his mildly successful local show to the big leagues; a Las Vegas like residency but after the scout is not overly impressed by their little show, Moon decides to gather the troops anyway to hopefully crash an audition. Getting his foot in the door, Moon bluffs his way to the show's backer, voiced by Bobby Cannavale, he can produce a reclusive singer, voiced by Bono, out of hiding to participate in their new production; a sci-fi travelogue created by Gunther, Nick Kroll but there is one caveat, Cannavale wants his daughter, singer Halsey, in the show so off the movie goes as the various cast members have their tasks to do interspersed w/warbling of recent hits keeping the well rendered visuals a delight & even though it's not to the story caliber of say Pixar films, they nonetheless still entertain a whole bunch.
8 Buster Moon's proteges are playing sell-out shows in Buster's theatre, but he has bigger ambitions. He wants success for them in Redstone City, the centre of shiwbiz despite being refused an audition, he manages to blag his way into a big budget show for them, but paints himself into several corners in the process, not least of which is extreme danger from Mr Crystal, who commissioned the show. So, while production is under way, moves are afoot to find Clay Calloway, the star Buster has promised. The only thing is that no-one has seen Calloway for 15 years...My first reaction was that I've forgotten the characters and why I should care about them. But the opening number was such a firecracker that I was immediately caught up in the main story and its various subplots, and remained so until the end. So I simply offer several thoughts (among many):1. The musical sequences are terrific;
2. I loved Nooshy the breakdancing cat, and the whole Johnny dancing subplot;
3. I'm not a fan of Bono, but he gave a terrific performance as Clay Calloway;
4. Halsey (who?) as Crystal's daughter Porsha was a hoot. I was thinking Lina Lamont;
5. There were a number of moments when I choked and my eyes prickled.Recommended.
8 This movie is wonderful, gorgeous, sad, sweet, and entertaining. You can't help but shed a few tears and bob your head with the beat. It's a feel-good experience without much substance but a ton of joy! Please go see it and feel again :)
8 I had one more look at my review of the previous installment - I could almost copy paste it here - it's once again riddled with cliché - in fact I could say its basic premise is one of the biggest cliché in the book - follow your dream - is basically the heart of the so called "American dream" - if you really try hard you'll make it - just - never give up.So - no originality and no surprises at least not in the basic plot. But here's the thing - when you have such wonderfully written roles performed so beautifully by the still stellar cast - it doesn't really matter. And the fact that the basic plot isn't very original is all but forgotten when the narrative twists and turns following these lovely characters we're all so fond of by now. It may not be surprising it's still riveting because we care. We want to see these characters as they struggle on their way to fulfill their dream. We want to see them make it big.As it's so character driven one must mention the voice acting. As a rule they're all great, but I've got to make some special notes for Bobby Cannavale who's brilliant as the villain and for Halsey who does very well as his spoilt daughter. The entire original cast is still shining bright and one more special mention must go to Bono who does surprise performing the role of the aging recluse Clay Calloway.Bottom line - it's well done, it's charming, fun and funny all other details are beside the point.
7 7/10 - while I do not think Sing 2 does anything to reinvent any wheels nor may it be the most memorable release, I had a lot of fun watching this music-filled, visually-stunning, and all-around fun flick that ranks as my favorite animated film of the year.
9 I found this sequel much more fun than the first film. It had me tapping and humming along. The story was well put together too. Excellent character development. This is certainly one of my top ten animated musicals. The animation quality was pretty good too. This is really a film the whole family can enjoy, both young and older will have grins and smiles on their faces by the time the end credits roll. A very good, feel-good film.
9 Sentimental and ridiculous. Loved every minute of it. Great voice cast and choice of songs. Can't stand Bono or U2 but all is forgiven now. Think I might watch it again....
9 This was such a cute movie, watched it in theaters today with my family and we all loved it. I think its way better than the first! Usually they have a tendency to mess up sequels and they didnt with this one. I cried twice at the end it was so sweet Mr. Moon finally made nana proud.
8 LIKES:The Animation:
DreamWorks may not break the ground that Disney does with the CGI work they do, but it still does impress this reviewer with how gorgeous they make the world of Sing. The popping colors of various set pieces are full of that hopeful energy, perfect for an entertaining movie and keeping your eyes in wonder at the fun to be had. Yet, at the same time, there is a "darker" side to things, which are a work of beauty on its own to help paint the mood and add on to the work of the voice actors. As for movement, it is smooth, great transitions, and filled with that same pizazz the first installment did in the dance and singing moments, alongside the natural movements of the characters. The whole design of the world is a great blend of human merging with animal, and the copying of our architecture and it just makes for a wonderful setting.The Voice Acting:
Sing 2 has acquired quite a cast to bring the group to life, which is always worrisome when it comes to using them to their complete potential. Sing 2 fortunately does an okay job with that and the actors get props for their performances once more. Buster Moon, our loveable koala, has the same hopeful tone McConaughey infused in the last film, adding a bit more stubbornness and focus now that he has been established. Witherspoon feels like a natural again in her role, and nails the performance of the mother and nervous star attempting to go the next level, adding care, charisma, and of course the acting chops she has shown in movies like Home Again. Johansson is the one with a little more diversity than anyone as Ash, who goes a little more into both sides of the spectrum from the Rockstar jamming youth, to an old spirit wise animal, who manages to intelligently keep things together. Yet the winners for my favorite performances are Nick Kroll, Bobby Cannavale, and Garth Jennings. Kroll as Gunter is sensational, he's the energy and ridiculous, peppy pig, with the lines that are the most memorable and they have taken the foundation and elevated him further to be my particularly favorite character. Cannavale plays the wolf, and much like other films where he adds the villain tone, he injects the tone of the antagonist quite well without diving too far down the rabbit hole of evil. He was arrogant and an egomaniac, typical of a businessman with everything, and it fit into the world well, allowing him to bare his teeth more as the movie progressed. I think he nailed the character to the best degree and I certainly give him props for making a good kids' movie villain. As for Jennings, the director as the voice of the female chameleon continues to be another awesome performance in mannerisms, comedy, and heart given the scenes that Ms. Crawly takes on in this film.The Heart:
Sing took a concept of American Idol with animals, and managed to go deeper into the soul and heart of humans to inspire as it approached the ending. In Sing 2, the story takes another deeper step down that road and manages to do a glorious job of getting you teary eyed/smiling at the wonder to be hold. There are a lot of subplots in this story, using a wide variety of characters as they are forced to balance, analyze, and address the problems they are facing. For this reviewer, they managed to tug some heart strings very well, and once again inspire to do better and open my mind to new possibilities. Sing 2 is certain to hit a lot of the target audience the same way, and depending on the age and makeup of your kid, might just dig deep into them as well and get them to be excited about things to come. It's the quality core component of the family aspect of this film, and I don't think many will be disappointed by the direction they took.The Performances/Music:
Let's face it, with a title like Sing as your franchise, you know a heavy element is the music that has been purchased/created for this film. Once again Illumination Studios has done a great job of acquiring a diversity of songs to sing in their list, and have integrated both original and covers of the song to help get the earworm going. Unlike several other franchises though, they manage to maximize most of their songs into the plot and give more purpose and meaning to their inclusion then simply just shoving them in the movie. Jennings and his music team really hit their A game for me, finding the right placements of songs in the non-performance moments to help elevate the emotion to new levels, and giving us a great cover to boot. Yet, it's the performance moments that really pizazz and become the hybrid of movie and stage show that was always promised in the original movie. Sing 2 gives us amazing numbers to the unorthodox Sci-Fi Stage show, and is really the crown jewel that climactically finishes this heartwarming tale. I loved the ending so much for many reasons and feel that this will be a lot of audience members' favorite moments when they hit this film. This part is definitely worthy of theater level viewing, and if you got the guts for 3-D, I think it helped to be honest.DISLIKES:
The Plot:
It's a kids' film and I get things have to be a bit lighter to not bore the hyper energy kiddos that will be the primary target. However, Sing, Madagascar, and Despicable Me have all proven that you can layer a plot and still be good. Sing 2 started to do this, but I don't think it reached the full potential that it was going for. Outside of predictability, the movie seems sort of lost in which aspects to work through, giving a timetable that makes for rushed moments and impasses that are hurdles a bit too quickly. That level of integration in the first film is only a sliver, perhaps due to focus on the ending, or perhaps due to pandemic cutting into time and budget. Either way, the plot is complete, but without the solid ending may have suffered more given the integration issues.The Character Usage/Growth:
Sing 2 already had a heavy cast to begin with, but they added more to the mix to try for expansion and it was decent and fun. However, like the plot, the character growth, focus, and abilities are a bit blander than I had hoped given the advertising for this movie. It's a fast paced juggle, going from subplot to subplot in rapid manner and never giving us the time, focus, and energy to really see them work past the fears and limitations plaguing them. Many of the moments are to one scene, or a quick montage that offers little backstory, bonding, and trust that we saw in that first film. Things are again too sewn together in that Playhouse Disney sort of way, and for older audience members like me seeing those moments helps add spectacle to the film. Again, it's not the worst suspense of disbelief, but something more was needed to help spread and balance the stories and songs that I was looking for.The Advertising:
This is one of those major cases where commercials went way too far to give you the movie, as they gave you almost the entire movie. Sing 2's commercials showed way too much, and offered little surprise or twists that this movie could have used super well. I'm guessing that from what I've seen in trailers, you have about 60-65% of the movie already for viewing, with only the stage show offering any incentive to still see it. Sing 2's advertisement aggressiveness may have ruined more of the film than any other aspect, just because I had pieced the entire thing together from the bits and pieces they gave in their 2-3 minute ads for about 10 ads. That is indeed the biggest weakness for me in this film, so if you have avoided the commercials... good job and this will be a moot point.The VERDICT:
Sing 2 is a great sequel in terms of entertainment, teaching, design, and spectacle when it comes to animated movies. It has heart, it has energy, and it really builds off the base of the first movie in the goal to give something new, while respecting the traditions. The voice acting is fun, with the new voices finding a welcome home in the big animal city, while the new world is clever in its portrayal of our world. It really is the music and performances that are the selling point though, and for this reviewer the backbone of why you should hit the theater to check this film out. Limitation wise though, I don't think the movie did quite the best work when it came to character and time management, taking a fast track approach and really sidestepping the true potential of the soulful moments the first film did so well. The movie may have been too hopeful in its inclusion of voices and characters and needed another half an hour to reach the same level of quality the first one did. However, the worst part is the aggressive advertisements that have given much of the movie away and if you can avoid this, well then you are in good shape and should be god, but otherwise you know most of the movie from watching those alone. My scores for Sing 2 are:Animation/Adventure/Comedy: 8.0
Movie Overall: 7.0.
8 This movie is really enjoying, fun, and spectacular. The musical show was amazing and I really love it and I love all the soundtracks too, and i really like the stage and the stage theme it look so good. Idk why y'all hating on Meena I mean she's not that annoying in this sequel but Porsha oh god she's very annoying girl, like she thought she's the main character and can blame everyone, and I think that one cat is a gay cause he look so fruity with Porsha dad, I was kinda shock when miss crawly eyes was fall. The ending show was super boom super amazing, I really amaze when clay come to the stage and start play his guitar and sing, and the set on the ending was super cool, I was like WOW that was so amazing. The animation, Visual, Song, sound it was so good, the animation was really detail look like Pixar animation without Disney Style, and the animation was really detail to. I really enjoy the movie but the question is what Suki tell the police man to get that wolf (Porsha dad)
8 "Sing 2" is a charming and enjoyable follow up to the 2016 "Sing" and in many ways is the rare sequel that surpasses the original. The new film finds Buster Moon (Matthew McConaughey) and his performers enjoying a run of sod out shows in his theater.Unwilling to settle for success in a regional locale; Buster and crew set off for the big city to produce and perform a show for Bigshot Jimmy Crystal (Bobby Cannavale); who is as ruthless as they come. After conning his way into an audition; Buster claims their new show will feature the return of reclusive Rock Icon Clay Calloway (Bono); who has been a recluse for the past fifteen years.Jimmy is intrigued and gives Buster a chance and inserts his daughter Porsha (Halsey) into the show despite the fact that while she is a gifted singer; her acting is cringe worthy.What follows is a madcap tale filled with music and humor as the crew desperately try to get the show ready and stay away from the very dangerous Jimmy Crystal.The music is very good and the cast is as enjoyable as ever. I would have liked to have seen Seth Mac Farlane return but the performances from Taron Egerton, Reese Witherspoon, Scarlett Johansson, and the ensemble more than deliver.For those who enjoyed the first film and are looking for some fun entertainment for the family; "Sing 2" is a winning performance.4 stars out of 5.
7 Sing 2 is the sequel to the 2016 film of the same name and features the voice talents of Matthew McConaghey, Reese Witherspoon, Taron Egerton,Tori Kelly and Scarlett Johanson with new additions from Bobby Cannavale,Leitha Wright, Halsey,Pharell Williams and Bono(the lead singer from the Irish band U2).Buster Moon(McConaghey) is back with his gang and this time he wants to set up a new show with Cal Calloway(Bono) to star. But when Buster and Ash(Johanson) track Cal down they discover that he is now a recluse and doesn't want to sing nor play anymore. Will Buster persuade Cal to star in the new show?.Overall I enjoyed this film as its got great songs from current acts like Camila Cabello,Shawn Mendes,Ariana Grande,Coldplay and U2. If you loved the 1st film then you will enjoy this feelgood film. Bono surprised me in this film as it was his first acting gig as well as his animated debut
He was very good in this film.B +
10 Buster Moon has a dream: to be the most successful koala in showbiz. In "Sing," he managed to salvage the run-down venue where his musical theater ambitions might thrive, much to the delight of family audiences. Now, in that toon's jam-packed "let's put on a show" sequel, Buster Moon and his menagerie of pigs, primates and other crooning critters head to Redshore City - the Las Vegas-like entertainment capital of their parallel universe, which is basically human in every way except for the fact that there are no humans to be found in it - to launch a massive song-and-dance extravaganza. If "Sing 2" sounds like a shameless excuse for a bunch of celebrities to perform cover versions of Top 40 hits while animated animals lip-sync the lyrics for our amusement ... well, that's essentially what it is. Buster Moon (voiced by Matthew McConaughey) and friends set out to pitch an original show to oddly Trump-like hotelier Jimmy Crystal (Bobby Cannavale), a white wolf with an enormous arena to fill and nothing to draw in the crowds, joined by U2 megastar Bono as a rocker they must lure from retirement for the big night. Bono is an undeniably big get for Illumination, although one assumes that Universal just backed up the cash truck, getting a new U2 tune in the process. The "Sing" recipe is all about recycling familiar songs, but that track, "Your Song Saved My Life" - which is terrific - hints at how special this franchise could be if the team committed to writing original music instead. It's a more unified sequence than the series of solo performances that concluded Sing, emphasizing the camaraderie of a company that's not just a collection of performers anymore, but a community with its own set of values and aspirations. Sing 2 gave me goosebumps when Bono stated walking out playing his famous song, Your Song Saved My life... truggling with loss, Calloway just can't find any reason to sing again after the passing of his singular inspiration. By adapting the melodies of some of the grieving lion's own songs and internalizing their emotional arcs,. Sing 2 will hit theaters December 22, 2021. #sing2.
10 That maybe better then the 1st. Watched this movie tonight and it was hilarious. Illumination made another hit! The music to the story it was a good movie. Adults and kids could enjoy.
8 At first i though the animation was quite 'off' the track, but it just the Sing style. As soon as the movie going i can finally see the great detail again. So sorry for my inpatient.The story is good, delivery with so much fun, and a good fast phase. Waste no time.The movie fill with some serious emotion from the half of the time its been going, clay calloway present really add some spark to this movie. Have so much goosebumps moment me personally.
5 "The King's Man," directed by Matthew Vaughn, is the third film in the "Kingsman" series, which began way back in 2014. The first in the franchise, "Kingsman: The Secret Service," was a remarkably entertaining film; packed with Vaughn's signature directorial flair and high-octane, frantic editing style, the light parody of the spy genre made for a movie that took itself seriously enough to be engaging while simultaneously keeping its tone light enough to avoid being a complete retread of things we've seen before. Enter its sequel: "Kingsman: The Golden Circle." Taking the idea of a spy parody and dialing the notch as far as it would go, and then breaking it, "The Golden Circle" jumped in the pool of complete farce. While containing some genuinely emotional moments, the consensus was that the film was too goofy to be enjoyed, complete with absolutely ridiculous and unbelievable plot points such as a man inserting a GPS tracker inside of a woman (and I'll just let you imagine how he does that).A few years and a global pandemic later and we finally have the third entry, which stands as a prequel, effectively telling why the Kingsman secret agency came to fruition. Foregoing the odd and overtly sexual humor of the previous two films, "The King's Man" is a much more serious endeavor - for better or for worse. It's very obvious that director Matthew Vaughn wanted to change his style somewhat drastically when compared to the first two movies. A slower, more dialogue focused picture, you would almost be forgiven if you thought that "The King's Man" was directed by someone else entirely. Vaughn decides to tell what is, basically, a World War 1 film, which may surprise those who expected a lighter affair more akin to his other works. Tonal inconsistency isn't something I notice very much during my movie-going escapades, but due to the drastic change in subject matter, in "The King's Man," the tonal shifts were jarring."Fun" is not a word I'd use to describe this movie, unfortunately. And yes, while a few action scenes were certainly exciting, as a whole "The King's Man" weaves a tale that is more about the horrors of war and violence then about the titular secret service agency that we've all come to know and love. A large majority of this movie involves political conversations that lack the character personality needed to make such conversations entertaining to watch. Instead, characters take the dialogue very seriously which, frankly, is boring to watch. In between these conversations lie multiple and varied story beats, including: An attempt to defeat the crazed monk Rasputin, a plot to steal a tape that contains recordings of the U. S. president engaged in illicit activities, and the tale of Conrad, Ralph Fiennes' characters son, who enlists in the war against his father's wishes. As you may have deduced, it is the last beat mentioned that contains some of the more emotional story moments. Now I'm not against emotion in my movies, obviously, and there were some genuinely shocking, saddening, parts in this story. That said, I don't think the right balance was there to make these moments as effective as they could be.Vaughn seems to have trouble deciding what kind of story he wants to tell - is it a dramatic tale of the tragedies that arise with war, or is it a wacky action-adventure, complete with ballet battles, bisexual villains, and over-the-top set pieces? He tries to do both, and misses the mark, creating a confusing, convoluted, and overly lengthy story - albeit one that can be entertaining. No stranger to great action, Vaughn once again directs some fantastically kinetic fight sequences. The battle with Rasputin alone is worth the price of admission, and combined with a great score and masterful editing, I couldn't help but have a smile on my face during that scene, and throughout all of the action sequences. So if you're looking for good action, you'll certainly find it here (with a trench battle being another standout) - you'll just have to sit through a stunning amount of slog to get to it first.Ralph Fiennes gives a totally committed performance - him, along with the action, makes "The King's Man" a perfectly serviceable one-time watch. "The King's Man" isn't necessarily a bad movie, but it's one that gets held back by its own loftiness and high expectations of itself. Fans of the first two movies will most likely be disappointed by the change in tone and story, and those who are looking for something new will no doubt be taken aback by the tonal inconsistencies - which brings me to the question: Who, exactly, did Vaughn make this movie for?
4 Surprise smash hit in 2014, Matthew Vaughn's first Kingsman film The Secret Service was a fun, exciting and inventive new take on the spy/action film hybrid with its more forgettable sequel The Golden Circle still an enjoyable romp despite a noticeable drop off in quality but not even the keenest of Kingsman fans will be able to steel themselves for the mostly charmless and surprisingly serious origin story Vaughn has taken the series too with The King's Man.Set in the early 20th century where Europe is at war and England's freedom is threatened by a group of mad man hellbent on world domination, King's Man follows the pre-Kingsman exploits of Ralph Fiennes widower Orlando Oxford and his teenage son Conrad (an unfortunately bland character played lifelessly by Harris Dickinson) who along with the help of their housekeepers and associates take it upon themselves to turn the tide of the great war in the favor of their beloved country.In this set up there's no time for the banter we got between Colin Firth's Harry Hart or Taron Egerton's streetwise wise-talker Eggsy, there's no truly over the top flourishes outside of a few odd scenes mostly involving Rhys Ifan's crazy take on Russian villain Grigori Rasputin (who could've done with a lot more screen time than he was granted by Vaughn) and overall it feels as though for some reason Vaughn has decided the unique and playful nature that made his series stand out from the crowd is no longer needed.Never more prevalent is this aspect of the film than in an oddly bizarre detour to the World War 1 trenches as Conrad ventures to the front lines, this 20 or so minute mid-movie aspect might involve one of the films stand out action scenes but overall it feels like it's from a completely different movie than what has come before it or what follows it and it's an example of the film trying to do too many things at once, with too many characters like the didn't need to show up Matthew Goode, Aaron Taylor-Johnson or Daniel Brühl, making King's Man a film without a true identity or purpose.Based of this very differently toned and delivered series entry, it's hard to know exactly where Vaughn wishes to take his property from here on out but if there is to be more Kingsman adventures it would be wise to head back to the working book of the first film that provided a fresh take on a well-worn genre, only to find itself battling for its relevance less than a decade on.Final Say -Sadly this much delayed origin story is a mostly dull affair of a property that at one stage looked set to provide a fantastically fun cinematic journey, forgoing the fun that made people fall in love with it in the first case, The King's Man has snippets of greatness but is an overall forgettable and dull adventure.2 strong cups of tea out of 5For more reviews check out Jordan and Eddie.
1 That cocaine diet really does help to produce some fine scripts. The King's Man is amazing.The story is a mess of random things and encounters, some of which are loosely connected, but most aren't. Most of the time it sticks to repeating the same 'overprotective father' cliched scenes over and over again, occasionally inserting random "what?" moments and bizarre fight scenes. It's absolutely incoherent, and although the characters act like something important is going on, and sometimes act as they have achieved something, the viewer is fully disconnected from the travesty that is happening when it's not boring you down with the same scene over and over.They took the most 'hot' and 'debatable' facts about historical figures and incorporated them into WWI historical period, mutilating the history in the process. I'm not going to talk about historical accuracy, since this was never meant to be a historical action film or a war film. In fact, all the WWI battle scenes in the film (and the whole son's story) feel like they belong to a different film altogether, it surely never fits into the overall cocaine Hangover-style nightmare that is happening on screen.All the supposedly 'funny' things felt like torture, and only made me ask "what?" and "why?" all the time. The best joke in the film was Tom Holland playing all the three monarchs, which made me laugh.Besides this, there were two good things in the film - nice music and a cool and creative trench fight scene. If you forget about history and drop the setting, this is quality trash cinema. Gritty, dirty, bloody, and violent night brawl - excellent.Other than that - this film was atrocious. There are two possibilities, either this is a literal re-telling of a comic book (which I'm not familiar with), then it's sort of fine, but still doesn't work. Or this is just a 'whatever' approach to screenwriting, which automatically downgrades this film to "garbage fire" status.In any case, this mess cannot be enjoyed.P. S. Nice post-credit scene, guys. Joseph Stalin introduced himself to Lenin as Adolf Hitler, a quality high-IQ joke. Now I rate this 9/555555555555555555555.
1 With the unique wit of the original completely gone, this (hopefully) final installment is testimony to quitting while one is ahead. In the case of the Kingsman franchise, each sequel was progressively worse than its predecessor, and 'The King's Man' is simply an embarrassment for everyone involved. Put it and us out of our collective misery - enough is enough.
3 Pros:
1. The fight/ action scenes pulsate with energy, are entertaining, and greatly choreographed.2. The scene wherein Conrad Oxford has to take on German soldiers with a knife in no-mans land is suitably tense and gritty.3. Rhys Ifans (Grigori Rasputin) delivers a compelling and memorable performance.4. Some of the special effects are truly impressive.Cons:
1. There aren't enough fight/ action scenes, even though this is a Kingsman film and those are the best bits about the movie.2. The death of Conrad Oxford (Harris Dickinson) is so ridiculous that what should be a heart-breaking moment ends up being, at best bewildering, and at worst hilarious.3. The comedy is really stale, to the point where it's difficult to even locate.4. The entire film feels like a wishy-washy World War One movie with splices of Kingsman added in. I kept having to remind myself I was watching a Kingsman film.5. Tom Hollander (King George / Kaiser Wilhelm / Tsar Nicholas) being cast as all three superpower leaders was unnecessary with King George feeling like the only genuine character, and the other two coming across as caricatures.6. Some of the CGI is a little too sloppy.7. The mid-credit scene that clearly introduces Adolf Hitler (David Kross) as the franchises next antagonist is just idiotic.8. Morton's (Matthew Goode) anti-English motivations for igniting a world war are nonsensical and lazily written. His ultimate reveal also falls flat as the concealment of his identity harbours no other purpose than to 'shock' the audience.9. The first half of the movie is way too slow-paced.10. The film is hardly an origins movie as the Kingsman organisation already exists. It just establishes where some of the practices originated e.g. Naming their members after King Arthur and his knights. However, none of the origins information is interesting or necessary to learn.
5 I really liked the first Kingsman movie but already the second one was in my opinion just milking the cow - story- and momentum-wise inferior to the first movie in every aspect. The newest addition to the franchise tries something new but - while there are for sure some good aspects - tastes like a bad mixed cocktail: the ingredients (or parts) just don't work too well together. The King's Man: no fail but compared to Kingsman: The Secret Service this one is just another rather weak entry.
4 Nothing about Matthew Vaughn's prequel to 2014's 'Kingsman: The Secret Service' and 2017's 'Kingsman: The Golden Circle,' 'The King's Man,' is particularly good... except that it ends. Gone are the over-the-top violence, exciting villains, and great spy gadgets that made the first two movies so entertaining. Vaughn seems to have trouble deciding what kind of story he wants to tell, creating a confusing, convoluted, and overly lengthy story that seems to break into different movies as the movie goes on. A truly unnecessary prequel.
2 This movie is terrible. I'm a big fan of the first two. This one is inferior in every way. Not one moment of action comes close to anything from the first two. The music, story, cast and characters are all significantly worse.This movie doesn't know what it wants to be. It barely has anything to do with the previous ones, on top of feeling nothing like them. It could be it's own unrelated movie if a few details were changed. Instead of fun spy flick, we get a World War 1 political drama.The overall quality is higher than 2 stars. Unfortunately there are some terrible scenes and horrendous moments that I seriously couldn't believe. Face palm emoji moments. There were literally times when I looked down, put my fingers on my forehead and shook my head. So many stupid moments. The "why" for certain things happening is laughable.Other than a few cool moments, I had an awful time with this movie and couldn't wait for it to be over. I didn't know who directed it, and when the credits rolled my jaw dropped. I thought for sure they had brought in some scrub to direct this nonsense. Matthew Vaughn has made some of my all-time favorite movies. This is hopefully just a misfire. Also, stick with Henry Jackman for the music in the future, please. (1 viewing, 12/27/2021)SPOILERSThe couple cool parts I mentioned are the silent fight in between the trenches, and when Conrad is shockingly shot by a fellow soldier for lying about who he is.The dinner scene with Rasputin was excruciating. And it lasted for what seemed like 15 minutes. In the fight it leads to, his fighting style was creative, but the fight itself wasn't nearly good enough to salvage the scene. Not to mention so many stupid moments in that scene alone. Like Conrad hanging out with his cold dad while Shola is nearly killed by Rasputin. Or Conrad shooting the sword out of Rasputin's hand instead of shooting Rasputin himself. And not knowing he only has one bullet. It's like this was written for morons.There are so many other moments like this. Like hopping a goat. Or the villain reveal. Also, it was so obvious he was a bad guy 5 seconds after he came on screen.
6 A decent prequel that had a few great action scenes and dramatic moments; but that overall didn't have the charm of its predecessors. The CGI looked too computer generated and the storyline too heavy. With so much story to cover the scene jumps happened to often and disrupted the flow. Acting was good and characters were well cast,
6 I was very impressed with Matthew Vaughn's directing and writing in the first two films, of whom Jane Goldman also shared the writing credits, but in this one she was absent, and wow what a difference it made. In the ridiculously unnecessarily long 131 min runtime, only 10 mins total had anything to do with the Kingsmen. The rest was a convoluted scattershot of unnecessary plots that seemed to be a bunch of short films thrown in a blender to come up with this nonsense. There were too many plot and technical issues, and scenes that will make you shake your head in disbelief of what you're seeing, and why. Even the entire villain portion was too short, lame, and lazily written and executed. There were so many long dragged out and unnecessary scenes, you can literally fast-forward to the end of the scene and miss nothing of relevance. Basically 90% of this film was all filler with very little substance - and that's as a stand-alone film; as a prequel, it's all filler with maybe 2-3 minutes of any "Kingsmen" relevance. It's really too bad, because the rest of the film - cinematography, choreography, performances etc were all very good. I gave the first two films 9's, and I'm struggling to even give my very generous 6/10 for this one. Please include Goldman in any future Kingsmen films; at least her vision was coherent, cohesive, and exciting.
5 There is no beating around the bush: this film is bad. But what makes it a cinematic atrocity is having such a large audience on hold, such a great cast, 100 mils and still messing it up. All Kingsman movies are over the top, but this one went both too far and did too little. It felt like 50% of it was exposition and the rest was Ralph Fiennes trying to save the film, to no avail.Ironically, the highlight of the film was Rhys Ifans. I mean, he's a great actor, but he was in select company: Fiennes, Dance, even Hollander and Goode. And while he played a rather minor character, from the entire cast he was the only one close to memorable.Perhaps tongue in cheek, perhaps in bad taste, in such a British film the Scots are the villains and the Americans are the jokes. WW I was a one man masterplan and one other man made it all stop. A pointless prequel if there ever was one, and that's saying a lot.The fight scenes were kind of well done, but that's the only positive thing I can think of. Acting was good, too, but no material to work with.Bottom line: a damn shame of a film.
1 This is not a movie. It's a bunch of individual scenes mishmashed together. The movie makes little sense. It lacks direction, reality, logic, a script, a director and common sense. Just about the only thing which is worthwhile is the casting. I get the idea that this is supposed to be an alternate reality or Universe, but geez, this is terrible.
4 The King's Man (2021)There lived a certain man, in Russia long ago, he was big and strong but he certainly wasn't killed by an Englishman. If you unfamiliar with the song, I am talking about Rasputin and how he was made into a caricature much like the rest of the appalling historical distortion. The saddest part of it all, is that some people will come out of this movie thinking that this is how it all happened. After two highly entertaining Kingsman movies about a secret spy agency, I was expecting to watch another entertaining installment full of silliness and crazy action. Instead, it turned into a pseudo historical parade of mediocrity that felt like anything but a Kingsman film.In this prequel, we follow the Duke of Oxford as he, along with his merry band of wannabe spies participate in important historical events and try to end World War 1. On paper, the film is meant to be a hit with a good setting, an experienced production team and led by the excellent Ralph Fiennes. Unfortunately, the longer the film went on, the more annoying it felt. Even if you don't think deeply about the illogical nature of the events, the film lacks the entertainment aspect because of the bland characters and the lack of formidable "Kingsman" level action scenes.I think the biggest problem of the film is not even the historical butchery but the fact that it doesn't have an identity. The first 2 Kingsman movies were over-the-top spy comedies with unbelievable plots, saucy characters and out of this world action sequences. Here, the film tries to be some twisted historical saga/wannabe James Bond by being too serious while at the same time trying to plug in some of the adventurous elements. As a result, it achieves neither the seriousness, nor the comedic/dynamic aspect and ends up kind of hangs in the middle making you wonder why have you wasted 2 hours of your life.Movies.shmovies on Instagram for honest movie and TV Show reviews.
8 When I sat down to watch "The King's Man", I didn't realize it was the thrird film in the franchise. By its title and that it's a prequel to the other two, I just assumed (incorrectly) it was the first. However, there is good news...if you, too, do it this way, relax....you don't need to have seen "The Kingsman: The Golden Circle" nor "The Kingsman: The Secret Service" to enjoy this third film.The story begins during the latter period of the Boer War (1902) and is set in a British concentration camp. This surprised me, as films never seem to talk about this dark period in history, as the Brits locked up thousands of Afrikaner civilians and starved them...many to death. But most of the film is set over a decade later, just before and during WWI and concerns some secret cabal's being the orchestrator of the war and the manipulator of the various governments. So, it's up to a very tiny organization (led by Ralph Fiennes) to do battle...to figure out WHO these people are and WHY they're doing this.It's obvious whoever wrote the film really understood their history...though some viewers who DON'T might feel a bit lost. Also, understand that the film is NOT totally accurate...and it never intends to be. Instead, it takes history and tries to re-interpret it..as if some Spectre-like organization is manipulating things. In many ways, it's an AU (alternate universe)....like some of the Marvel movies or the books of Harry Turtledove.So did I enjoy it? Absolutely....and probably more than the folks who DID see the previous two films first judging by the other reviews. It's a rare case where possibly seeing this sequel FIRST was actually a good thing! A very interesting and exciting film...and it really makes me want to see the other two movies.
5 .......And once that line is uttered, the film finally picks up, it's just a shame that the previous two hours were so bland and mundane.During the Great War, a former soldier turned pacifist is forced back into action when the forces of evil threaten to keep the war from ever ending.......I'm very fond of Matthew Vaughn and his films. Layer cake was an outstanding film, and he breathed life into the ailing X-Men franchise with first class. But this franchise has been a very strange one from the off.This prequel has Ralph Fiennes as the originator of the said Kingman, and because he's renounced violence, he forbids his son to take part in the Great War.So for the first to acts of the film we have Fiennes sipping whiskey, having suits fitted, and seeing Rhys Ifans totally embarrassed playing Rasputin. The plot features a heavily accented Scot who lives at the top of a mountain, being very angry, and taking his rage out on goats. From what there is of a plot, he wants to carry on the Great War, and tries to get three identical cousins to start a war, after all they are leaders of their respective ountries.Meanwhile, we get Fiennes getting his son involved in his secret group, and finally his son begins to realise that his dad isn't as boring.Now this is the part that surprised me the most. I was expecting the film have Fiennes pass the crown to his son come the end of the movie, but Vaughn treated us to a very big surprise just halfway through the film.It's a bland affair, action set pieces are boring and unimaginative, and the final reveal of the villain just mad me think 'really?'It also reminded me greatly of 1998's Avengers (Which Fiennes also starred in), and the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen.It's all a little bit boring, and you can really feel the run time.I think the franchise is dead now.Small mercy I suppose.
6 Kingsman: The Secret Service was one of the biggest surprises in a cinema I've had in the last decade. I remember being excited for it but I never expected to fall in love with it as much as I did and the film still holds up every time I rewatch it. I even enjoyed The Golden Circle, it's not perfect and nowhere near as good as the original but I still get a lot of enjoyment out of it. But from the moment The King's Man was announced I just couldn't understand why it was being made. I don't dislike the idea of doing a prequel film but I thought the franchise would be better suited to finishing up the Harry/Eggsy story first before going into spin off and prequel territory. I was hoping this film would surprise me by being a different kind of entry for the franchise but unfortunately it was every bit as pointless as I feared it would be.I think the thing that stops this film from being bad overall is it's central characters. Ralph Fiennes is great in this film, he is as perfectly cast in this role as Colin Firth was in the 2015 original. He brings all the charm and etiquette you'd expect from this type of character while being completely capable in all the action scenes. I also really liked newcomer Harris Dickinson, he gives a really good performance and has great chemistry with Fiennes. I liked that Vaughn didn't just make him an Eggsy clone, he's a very different character and much more stern and serious and it works surprisingly well. Djimon Hounsou and Gemma Arterton made for really likeable and entertaining side kicks and they actually ended up stealing the movie for large portions. Most of the villains I found to be underwhelming but with the exception of Rhys Ifan who may have ultimately been the best part of the entire experience for me. He was delightfully over the top, capable and threatening in all the fight scenes and hilariously funny, it's only a shame that he wasn't in the film more.I think The King's Man best finds it's footing in it's 3rd act. It's when all of the masses exposition start to pay off in some way and it's in this part of the film that it truly starts to feel like a proper Kingsman prequel. I started to recognise the tropes I love in those other two films and I have to praise that this did make the film end on a reasonably solid note for me. However a fairly good ending doesn't make up for the nearly 2 hour slog that The King's Man is leading up to that 3rd act. Vaughn spends most of the film trying to compress years of history into a 2 hour runtime and it feels unbelievably messy as a result. While I liked most of the action sequences they are few and far between and I have to say that I found the film boring for the most part. I think Vaughn was a little bit too devoted to real life events and I think he may have benefitted from taking some more creative liberties that better suited the Kingsman universe.In addition to how poorly paced the film was I also have no idea what Vaughn's ultimate vision for it was. The tone shifts between being a serious war drama and a more over the top spy film constantly, sometimes in the same scene, and these two styles do not mix well. The film spends large portions devoted to the trenches of World War One just to abruptly switch to the goofy, moustache twirling villains plotting their evil plans to take over the world and it just makes those more serious moments feel cheap by comparison. It's hard to feel like I'm watching a Kingsman film when I'm watching the battle sequences and it's hard to feel like I'm watching a war movie in those more Kingsman oriented scenes.I think there is a potentially good prequel somewhere inside this movie but it's buried underneath messy storytelling and two polar opposite tones that make me confused as too what kind of film I'm supposed to be watching. Thankfully it's central characters lift the film up somewhat and it's not without its entertaining and effective scenes but I just don't think Vaughn had a clear idea for what he wanted to do with this prequel. I think the best thing the franchise could do now is finish up the Harry/Eggsy trilogy and end things on as strong a note as possible.6.2/10 - C+ (Middling)
6 This is a prequel to Kingsman: The Secret Service (2014). Orlando (Ralph Fiennes) is the pacifist Duke of Oxford. He, his wife Emily, and their young son Conrad visit a British concentration camp in South Africa for the Red Cross. Emily is killed and he promises her to protect Conrad at all cost. With the impending First World War, Conrad is itching to join but Orlando refuses to let him go. Unbeknownst to them, there is a sinister force pushing the European empires into a devastating conflagration.There is a bit of awkwardness in reworking history. Apparently, a Scottish nationalist is responsible for WWI. Rasputin was a vampire... Now that's interesting. I wouldn't mind that movie. He seems to be a good boss level. That fight is fun. That should have been the story. Instead, the movie keeps going and going and going. Sometimes it's fine but mostly it meanders. Prequels are often problematic since the ending is pre-set with no surprises. This one is no different. It has various problems but Rasputin is really fun.
5 "Kingsman: The Secret Service" is one of my favorite action movies. It's got some of the best action scenes ever made (R. I. P. Brad Allan.) The second movie in the series had some cool stuff, but it went a bit too over the top in a silly way."The King's Man" breaks the formula a bit too much. Even tho the tale of the origin is kind of interesting, the first 90 minutes feels more like a slow paced war/agent drama that drags on way too long. I also felt like most of it was a build up to nothing, that ended up feeling unnecessary. And when the action kicks in, it's brief and lacks all the creativity we saw in the first movie.
4 The first film The Secret Service is great fun, and the second The Golden Circle was worthwhile, this third installment in the franchise is a prequel.If you see Matthew Vaughn and his films, he breathed life into the ailing X-Men franchise with first-class and he directed two sequels of this franchise, but on this one Vaughn seems to have trouble deciding what kind of story he wants to tell - is it a dramatic tale of the tragedies that arise with war, or is it a wacky action-adventure, complete with ballet battles, bisexual villains, and over-the-top set pieces? He tries to do both, and misses the mark, creating a confusing, convoluted, and overly lengthy story - albeit one that can be entertaining.A few action scenes were certainly exciting, as a whole "The King's Man" weaves a tale that is more about the horrors of war and violence than about the titular secret service agency that we've all come to know and love. A large majority of this movie involves political conversations that lack the character personality needed to make such conversations entertaining to watch. Instead, characters take the dialogue very seriously which, frankly, is boring to watch, and you can really feel the run time.At the end, I think this franchise is dead now.
9 A more grounded prequel that is stylish and has a lot more dialogue maybe that was a issue to some cause of the pacing but I loved it regardless! I love Rasputin one of the great villains there was a few awesome ones. Matthew Vaughn's action is so great the spinning, unique camera shots and crazy stunt work that is always impressive in his projects. Ralph Feines is great I really like his acting. Even if the prequel wasn't necessary or felt right times it's definitely worth it!
3 First things first, this is not a Kingsman movie.As far as I can tell this film was already written, which was a fairly poor and confused film, and then they put in 3 or 4 minor callbacks to the Kingsmen movies.By confused, I mean that this film could not decide if it was a war film, a spy movie, an action film or a drama.It changes its mind abruptly, and changes its mind several times about the moral of the film.The moral centre of any film is not something I care about in a film, or even think about it usually, but this film really crams its morality down your throat.Then it changes its mind about its morality, and crams that morality down your throat. Then it changes its mind, and crams the new moral centre of the film down your throat.It wasn't a good film. It was poorly written and poorly edited, and seems like a first draft that needed several drafts to iron out the kinks and its repeated tonal shifts, and to make it seem like a third draft film rather than a first draft nobody could be bothered to rewrite.
5 Well so far the first movie was really good but second one and this one where not that good.Too many boring parts on this movie i almost turned it off half way.
7 With his son Conrad yearning to fight in the trenches, Duke Orlando Oxford (Ralph Fiennes) reveals that he is part of a secret underground organisation dedicated to protecting King and country, hoping that Conrad will opt to join his team of spies rather than enlist in the army.Tonally, The King's Man is all over the place.The film starts out like a boring Wednesday afternoon history lesson, with forty minutes of early 20th-century European politics relayed in a dreary manner that'll have many reaching for the off switch. Then suddenly, out of nowhere, the film goes completely crazy as Grigory Rasputin (Rhys Ifans) enters the fray, shaking things up with some perverse thigh licking and a bizarre fight scene against Orlando, the mad monk whirling and twirling into battle, combining exhilarating swordplay with cossack dancing to breathtaking effect.Next, director Matthew Vaughn shifts the tone to grim reality, depicting the horrors of WWI, as Conrad Oxford finally volunteers to serve his country at the front. This part is similar to Sam Mendes' 1917, Conrad leading a daring mission into no-man's land to retrieve vital information from an injured British spy. A night-time encounter with enemy soldiers is brutal, bloody and realistic- a far cry from the comic-book violence of the previous Kingsmen movies-and Vaughn concludes this part of the film with an unexpected shock.A bit more dull history follows, but the film picks up pace for the finalé in which our heroes storm the mountain top fortress of the cabal who have been plotting to control Europe. It's a fun finish to this uneven film, the final act delivering plenty of the R-rated Boy's Own-style action and adventure that fans of the series will have been expecting.As muddled as the film is, I actually wound up having a lot of fun with The King's Man: the rather boring history parts prove to be a necessary evil for understanding the plot, and the rest of the movie feels like several films rolled into one, providing more bang for your buck. And at the end of the day, we surely have to be grateful for the the fact that Elton John is nowhere to be seen.6.5/10. Rounded up to 7 for IMDB.
3 'Turned it off halfway through, couldn't hold my interest ..it became background noise like a radio on a building site.'Yup, that's exactly as I saw it. Blah, blah, blah. And the worst part... I have to walk the dvd back to the store! (Yup we still have a local dvd store lol) Waste of £3!
5 The storyline was not interesting at all. The villain guy was not scary but just weird. His look, the way he talks & the way he behaves..... strange. The main villain didn't get a lot of scenes, only at the end. Didn't enjoy this film.
7 Somehow I feel like this movie isn't finished. I see a lot of great work, and good ideas. But the story feels unfinished. This is most notible when we have the highpoint of the conflict in the last scene of the 2nd act. And this conflict is resolved the very next scene. And I can't help but feel that this story had so much more to explore. I could have seen this movie surpas coco, with it's more original story, but alas.7/10: great but had so much more potential.
8 Disney Animation hasn't impressed me in recent years because they've been more concerned with making films about flawless, marketable characters and it's really hindered their ability to take risks and tell interesting stories. Encanto is a step in a much better direction. In fact, it's probably the closest to a Pixar film that the studio has produced since Zootopia. There's a theme at its core and the film sticks to it. If you can look past the "it's magic just because" element that's per the Disney fairy tale norm, Encanto is a strong, character-driven story about the drawbacks of perfection and how having high expectations and ignoring flaws is destructive behavior. The focus is on the characters and how they aren't the perfect angels they think they are.It's like a subtly honest self-critique of Disney's most recent projects. A villain isn't needed, flawed characters are what's paramount to telling an effective story. The characters in Encanto have insecurities and prejudices to overcome and they work past it together through heartfelt writing and plenty of passionate musical sequences with a refreshing cultural touch. I can't say the songs are especially memorable given Disney's enormous history - some of the segues are a bit awkward, too - but they further the story, show how the characters feel and burst with plentiful color, emotion and distinctive visuals by an ensemble of characters bearing unique quirks. This is the power of a musical and even though it's not Disney's greatest lineup of songs, the effort still shows. Encanto is very enjoyable. Here's hoping it's the beginning of a new era for Disney Animation. More passion, more inclusivity, better stories.
5 The animation is beautiful, bright and colorful. The voice acting was wonderful. The storyline was okay. Too much singing. I know I sound horrible saying that, but I wished they could've toned it down with the singing. My young sons were a little bored and I was too. I mean, it's a very nice movie, don't get me wrong, but it's not a 10-star movie in my opinion.
4 Encanto, the latest misfire in Disney's increasingly dull catalogue, props up a bland story about a simple family dispute with lots of colour and spectacle, but very little in the way of real conflict or emotional stakes.Some people have praised the film's writers for ditching the typical hero vs villain narrative and instead making the conflict about familial relationships, but for me this was not executed well enough. The source of tension in the Madrigal family appears to be superficial and petty. We're to believe that the reason the house is crumbling is because Abuela is putting so much pressure on her family to uphold their roles as magical village protectors, they can't cope with the expectation. That's it? They just need to hug it out and realise their worth to each other as a family, then -boom- cracks are mended, the magic is restored? This is in a nutshell the entire story, but we have to wade through nearly 2 hours of bland exposition and flat song and dance numbers to get there.One reason for the rift seems to be the infamous renegade Bruno -who no one wants to talk about- abandoning them. However the reason for him running away is not at all believable. The family understand Bruno's gift is predicting the future, so why would they blame him when those visions become true? Had he willfully done something reckless or selfish to hurt the family, then I could buy his guilt and the family's resentment toward him, but the writers try so hard NOT to make anyone look like an agitator that most of the conflict feels contrived. It's just too damn friendly, all of the time! I want drama and fights, not constant apologising and hugging.Also, big plot-hole: Why can the girl with extraordinary hearing not hear Bruno living inside the walls??The syrupy ending where the magically giftless Mirabel realises -no surprise to anyone- that she IS the gift after all is predictable and trite. It's full of tender closeups and teary voice acting, but none of it feels earned. As a grown man who still gets a lump in my throat watching the Lion King or Land Before Time, I found myself totally unmoved and annoyed that I'd invested time for such a hokey reward.Then there are the songs. Disney has created some gorgeous music in the past which transcends all ages and stands the test of time. Encanto falls into the trap of making songs appeal to a certain generation, with very modern pop rhythms and lots of choreographed stagey dancing. None of the songs are memorable and they replace poetic expression for bland soliloquizing where characters spell out exactly how they feel in rapid tongue-twisting bursts that are often hard to understand. The sequences are technically marvelous, but they feel like disconnected moments in the story and altogether pointless. Compare the songs in Encanto to any of the Oscar-winning Disney songs of the last four decades and it's painfully obvious how inferior they are.The worst thing about Encanto is that despite all its failings, it will likely win the Oscar simply because it has a "nice message" and ticks the "diversity" box. A Latin story with a fully Latin cast, how progressive! When these things become more important than making an engaging film, you are set up for mediocrity.
5 I enjoyed the visual effects and the colors but I never really seemed to grow to care for any of the characters other than Mirabel. Plus there once again were no real villians in this movie. It's almost as if Disney in these ridiculously woke times is afraid to make a bad guy. So many of their movies are about a female who is outcast or in the shadows of her peers and finds herself. It's just really overdone.A few things were predictable...one, the moral. I could tell about 30 minutes in that it was going to come down to the family appreciating what they have in each other without the magical gifts.Another was how everyone would love Mirabel and think she's the glue that holds the family together.And lastly I could tell Bruno would be welcomed back from the beginning.Some complaints I had with the story...the songs, personally to me were not catchy, and were sung waaaay too fast. I was not able to understand the vast majority of the lyrics.Two, I just felt the story was rushed. One of the daughters was getting married and suddenly Luisa is throwing a church down with her strength...was just like what's going on here...
Three, I found it hard to like much of the family because they all seemed to love their gifts so much, as if they were nothing without them. Only the kid with the animal gift was likable. And they cast out their own brother because his gift revealed the future. Horrible people.I was disappointed with the ending...Mirabel tells her grandmother the miracle was because of her. No, it was because of her grandfather sacrificing himself actually. And when the magic came back to the house...it just projects that the family will once again take it for granted. I was really hoping it wouldn't return.Just not the best Disney movie. Wasn't horrible, but could've been much better in my opinion.
5 Remember in Aladdin when time stops and Jasmine starts singing and we are supposed to know its happening inside her mind...Well the same thing happens here except at the end of the vision other people react to it. Which makes no sense at all.This happens a lot of times in Encanto...actualyl thats all it does. That is the whole movie and its a weird one. Songs spoken in words thats not really singing...Both these are repeated throughout the film and its just the same thing over and over again.Without the motion this movie would be terrible. In every scene lots of things are happening just for flare and without this i do not think the movie would have done so well.
4 RATED 4/10
Language: English
Source: HotstarThe movie started very good and the magics are eye candy... its all over in first 15 mins, after that it is run off the mill story and animation... the remaining script can be written in the back side of the cinema ticket. The climax is so pathetic, even for kids - I believe.Easily skippable one...
4 This is a wonderfully well animated adventure, but why has the young girl a voice of a middle-aged lady?!And many such odd choices that makes it just so-so, sadly!
2 How did this get past anyone in charge? What was going on? A young girl, who is part of a family that became magical in the past for no apparent reason, is the first descendant not to be bestowed a power in a coming-of-age ceremony. As such she is merely tolerated by the rest of magical family that she tries to please in her normal way. Then the magical house that is in their enchanted idyll suddenly begins to break apart for unclear reasons and this "normal" daughter must fix things. Honestly I was totally unclear as to why most people were the way they were, what was going on, and the songs were terrible. Lost interest long before the end. A feeble effort and one I will never watch again.
5 Very interesting idea but boring and not so magical execution. Wasted potential. Flat story and predictable. Songs are forgettable. No Disney magic here.
3 It's nice enough - some lovely animation, brilliant saturated colours etc. At least two really good songs, but as I'm accustomed to the best of Disney animation, this one really doesn't hold up to the standard of the classics. I'm thinking things like Pocahontas, The Little Mermaid etc.The story feels like it was written by committee, a really big committee!It feels like nobody on the writing team got anything close to what they wanted (the danger of writing as a committee, naturally). Overall it's some kind of nonsensical mish-mash, I'm not really certain what story they were trying to tell. Perhaps something like 'old people are mean, and young people try too hard to please'. Who knows?Quite watchable, but definitely does not live up to the hype. Nothing new to see, and in the end it's quite unsatisfying because the story was just nonsensical and the stakes never felt particularly high, unlike the aforementioned Disney classics.
6 It was cute. Mostly entertaining but I got bored many times (maybe because I'm an adult and this is geared toward kids). I heard a lot of great things and people told me to watch it but I didn't really love it. I don't see myself watching it again anytime soon. I think I expected too much also because I absolutely loved Coco and it's one of my favorite films.
5 Convulted with too many characters... too many songs that could have been 2 lines in the movie. That strong girl song was hard to watch "drip drip drip" my teeth breaking from cringe. I wasn't attached to any of the characters enough for the emotional payoff to hit very hard in the end (which it had the potential for). They made sure to tell us that the strong girl and the perfect girl were more than their gifts but then never showed us what that was.. shes...not...perfect all the time? She doesn't want to be strong all the time...Bruno and the concept of foresight is always interesting...unfortunately a small part of the movie.
3 Encanto is a huge disappointment. The premise is pretty great: A family where everyone has magical powers, except one person (the protagonist, Mirabel).But, that's the end of the good part. The potential that premise sets up is left completely unfulfilled. Everything is _so weak_ about the writing. To state a few examples:
the reason why the family got their magic is not explored.the reason abuelo is killed is not explainedwho killed abuelo is not revealedThe magical powers itself are really weak too. The family could have had some really cool magical powers (the fantastic 4/incredibles, anyone?), but instead they get... "making flowers"? Rain clouds over Pepa's head? (compare that with Storm in X-Men). Even with good superpowers, for example, the shapeshifter (similar to Mystique in X-men), the power is only used to be goofy. The animal talker & Dolores is the only one with a good superpower that is somewhat well-used. Even the mother's superpower (healing others) is not consequential at all.Even the set up for conflicts is so weak, and the intra-familial relationships are left woefully unexplored.The movie had great animation, and great potential but ends up being a complete waste of time due to abysmally poor writing.
7 I interpreted "Encanto" to mean that one's strength is not determined by traditions or other people's understanding of strength. Strength is about knowing the ethical thing to do, even if it challenges tradition.And of course, it's good to see the depiction of a woman who isn't defined by her relationship to a man. Impressive movie.
5 The movie was not terrible but it was not good either. The songs were not that good in my opinion and sometimes too long. The characters were decent enough too keep you watching but not so special. They were too many and none on them were treated as they could. There was also room for some drama and conflicting situations that for some reason the story did not want to touch like for example they could make that the grandmother steal the main character power in order to protect the family or something like that. The ending was also bad because There was no reason for the family to get their powers back, as in the previous song they learn to move on without them. That would have leave us with a powerfull message like the union of a family is the true gift and that powers are not that important. Instead they got them back and that made the ending much more boring. The jokes were good after the first half of the movie.Aside from the animation the film fell short on every other aspect.
2 I really thought I would like this film a lot more but it didn't grip me at all. Doesn't have a patch on Luca or Coco from recent years. The only reason I gave it 3 starts out of ten is that the main character is likable but it lacks anything memorable, overdoes the same scenes that doesn't progress the plot and the ending was so close to being good then they botched it by Disney-ing it up.So, essentially it's about this family that live in a magical house, and the house gave each family member a gift /power except for our main charcater Mirabel. Now, for some reason, her grandmother who was given the first gift by this magic candle is constantly and I mean constantly not happy that Mirabel doesn't have a gift and believes that she is destroying the family and the house, a seriously mean and nasty woman to her own granddaughter . The other family members are quite vain and self centered, I really couldn't like any of them. The songs went on way too long and most of the time it's actually difficult to make out what they're saying. So anyway, they all lose their powers over time and again blame mirabel even though its not her fault, like even a bit, so so she gets sad runs off and then grandma realises that it's more important to keep the family together and for everyone to be there for everyone.And that would have been a fine ending but everyone gets their powers back in the end which earlier in the film it was revealed that nearly every family member wasn't happy with their power and either saw it as a burden or too much pressure. The point of the movie was then undone. Mirabels sister who is blessed with beauty and perfection is also unnecessarily catty towards mirabel. It was just strange watching these people who had everything done for them or handed to them be mean to a member of their family that didn't have a superpower.I didn't like it. Way too many characters that contribute nothing. Too many songs that weren't special or memorable. An unlikely and strange plot which I would have been fine about in the end if they didn't glitter and sparkle it all up and just put everything back to the start for no reason. A very very poor effort from ,Disney, expected a lot more.
5 It had almost everything. Diversive cast, excellent Animation and style, good songs(although they went a bit overboard). But the script was weak and predictable. I was bored by the end of the movie. The story felt so contained, fixed to that single location and the powers of the family members didn't come into play in the story later on. . A subplot where 'the family went on an adventure to retreave something and defeating someone' would have helped the movie's script. 6/10.
5 The characters have charisma, I give your that. The settings is great, and the animation, well, it's Disney, so it's top shelf. Songs... ok I guess (all completely forgettable though, but some nice tunes here and there).However, the story is not interesting, the songs are more like "musical exposition" trying to put you up to date with the movie explaining the characters. The first song is exactly that "this character does this, this character does that, this one has this magical power, those are the Madrigals!". Show, don't tell. Same with Bruno's song, "this happened between bruno and me. Bruno predicted this for me. Bruno ruined my wedding by doing this... etc..."SHOW, DON'T TELL.Compare it with Frozen or Moana. Things actually happened in the movie, and then they took a break and sang a song about what happened, how they feel at that moment, what they needed, where they needed to go, what they needed to do. The songs were not full exposition trying to explain the movie or the characters to you, those songs were memorable because they had HEART, they were not just part of the script cut out and turned into lyrics. It was a pause in the movie to separate part of the story, make you stop and think about everything that happened and set up the next part of the movie.The excuse for the magic was the laziest writing I've ever seen. It was a dark time and all of a sudden a magic thingy appeared and from then on... magic. It wasn't even like "we were walking through an enchanted forest" or "a good witch threw a spell for us"... nope. OUT OF NOWHERE and FOR NO REASON this magic thing that NOBODY EVEN KNOWS WHAT IT IS appeared and protected them forever. It feels like it was written by some film student instead of, you know, big Disney top of the line movie writers. This is Disney, it's not a small studio, I expect A LITTLE bit more.The conflict was internal, it was mostly "family issues", they need to solve something and it got solved. It wasn't a real threat (like Moana's world ending conflict), or interesting enough (like Elsa's internal conflict) to feel invested in what was happening, it was something that needed to be changed. And the fact that they made it into a profecy made it even more uninteresting because you knew it will eventually happen so... everything up to that moment felt like the writers were stalling.I'm not saying it's bad for everyone, I'm seeing good reviews from people that enjoyed it, good for them, I just saw an empty story with interesting and charismatic characters that could have had so much potential and fell short on almost every aspect.If I go full "conspiracy theorist" I'd say that for this movie the story didn't matter and they went full on merchandise mode, creating the most distinct and interesting characters just to sell toys. They didn't care to craft a well written story, some basic vague conflict and weak story to string all together was enough.I hope your kids enjoy it more than mine did. After all, that's the only thing that matters.
7 Encanto is a creative movie featuring beautiful and vibrant animation. However, the story feels a little underdeveloped. While there are some magical and emotional moments, it seems as if they didn't know how to end the movie. The lack of a strong villain also makes this movie a little less compelling. Nevertheless, the music is fun, and we enjoyed watching Encanto together as a family.
5 Sure the animation and technical aspect is 10/10 but I guess you have to rate a movie based in the "movie" part of it. What lacked for me was the surprise. Feels like you know the ending from the start and the journey to get thee is a little too forces. The music is nice but sometimes a little out of place and almost it's there so the sake of it being there. LMM music is great but here it lacks to gel with the story. Maybe a little too targeted at kids.
6 I think this movie does what it set out to do, maybe not much more. It is cute, entertaining and has some ok songs. I am not too much into the theme but I guess it could really appeal to some. The plot is very predictable and not very engaging but hey that is pretty standard for this type of film.
9 Encanto is another Incredible Disney animated movie that continues their winning streak with a fun, extremely vibrant and emotional film that also has great messages and mature themes, even if the narrative is predictable.Stephanie Beatriz gives an incredible lead performance and María Cecilia Botero, Diane Guerrero, Jessica Darrow and John Leguizamo all give great supporting performances.The direction by Jared Bush, Bryon Howard and Charise Castro Smith is superb, it's constantly visually inventive and extremely well paced. The animation is reliably perfect, ridiculously colourful and consistently visually stunning. The songs by Lin-Manuel Miranda are excellent.
6 There's not a lot of films out there that feel far quicker than their actual run time but this 1 hour 42 minute film sure did feel more like a 60 minutes. This shows the pacing was good but the filmed lacked substance leaving me underwhelmed when the credits rolled having me say "Is that it?!"TLDR at the bottom.Encanto follows Mirabel in a world where her family all have their own powers but she, for some reason, didn't get any powers and it's this narrative of she is being the one to be responsible of keeping the magic alive within the world. It's here where the substance lacks: there is no satisfying or significant character journeys throughout the film but the beats in the narrative did give goosebumps at times. The cast give an excellent voice acting performance for the beautiful animation, but we don't really spend enough time with any of the characters to get to know them really.Encanto is propelled more by it's striking, vibrant, vivid visual colour palette and the songs by none other than lyrical genius Lin-Manuel Miranda. When he's involved you know to expect more upbeat, feel-good beats with lyrics that directly push the narrative forward as opposed to just being alongside it. Moana had catchy, great songs that would be stuck in your head and unfortunately, I cant say the same about the songs in Encanto. They are fantastic songs and during the film, I'd even argue better than the tracks in Moana, but it's after I walked away from the film that I had forgotten about the songs, the beats, the lyrics. It just didn't stay with me, but it elevated the film in places it needed to be.However, the visuals when watching the songs playout on screen were b-e-a-utiful. Some scenes placed our characters in front of black backgrounds which allowed all the colours popping in the foreground to be more in your face, whilst other scenes had the whole frame plastered with flowers, or buildings, or just a warm energy throughout. The vibrancy of the colours that we are showered with throughout the film gives the film that feel-good factor.Overall, I did enjoy the film, but I walked away knowing the songs were great, even though I couldn't remember the tunes of any, the performances and visuals were fantastic, and I walked away unfortunately feeling underwhelmed.P. S. The message conveyed in this film was subtle but a nice one at that.TLDR: Visually spectacular film with great songs but little substance.
9 The Madrigals live in a magic house under the protection of an everlasting magic candle. The candle imparts a special power to each one of the Madrigal kids except for Mirabel. She feels left behind. When she has a vision of devastating cracks in the house, her Abuela wants to cover it up and ignore it.This is a magical movie. I really like these characters and the mystery is interesting. It kept me intrigued and then the movie hits me with that revelation. That's a powerful scene. It's a scene of a reality that is more powerful than most other family-friendly animated movies are willing to go. It's the step that puts this onto another level.
8 A little bit of gangsta, a little bit of crime, a huge dive into bare-fist fights, machete slashing, blood and violence. Sometimes you don't expect to receive a good film, so when you get it, you're amazed.It's not a deep psychological study of any sort, just a result of very good work done by all the people involved. The plot is decent, the play of the actors extraordinary (really, I wasn't a fan of Mateusz Damiecki, he's been just a pretty boy so far, but, wow, the man is talented!), the director fantastic, the people desiging fights - full pros! I got more than expected and I'm sure that if you like this type of films, you won;t be disappointed.OK, there are cliches, in characters and plot development, it's not like after the film you have a sense of any revelation or you think of it all the time. But the hours spent on it won't be regretted.Ex-hooligan, who is now a doctor, is asked by his former lover, now a policewoman working on a drug-case, to infiltrate his (and hers!) old group of friends to save his brother (still a hooligan) from jail. He manages to do so, in order to provide her evidence leading to "big fish" in drug smuggling. However, the events go wrong and everyone is paying the unexpected price.Really good film. I strongly recommend it.
8 If you have liked UTRAS, two years ago, more or less a cousin topic and atmosphere, you will like this Polish. Unfortunately, you don't avoid clichés and the main lead is too predictable. It is brutal, bloody but the undercover scheme among hooligans is not new. I usually avoid this material but made an exception for this one. This is an efficient feature but not for sissies. A hooligan and crime film in the same time. Maybe it is accurate and close to reality in Poland. It is usually the British movie industry which speaks of hooligans and gangsters, because in UK, both go together; there are batches of such films in England. This feature remains however one of the best ever for me about this topic. Only the ending is a deception to me.
6 This movie was alright but I do have to say it was a little confusing understanding what was happening at times. It could have done with being a little shorter also. Not to bad with the acting it was pretty ok in places and the action was there. The ending I was also a little not happy with but overall it was ok.
9 Actors are good, the story is good, you really want to watch it until it ends ( 2 hrs +), Realistic film with the violence that goes with these characters, what can I say more, you won't be dissapointed.
5 As "Furioza" (2021 release from Poland; 139 min.) opens, a gang of thugs is causing mayhem on a train. We then go to the XOXO dance club, where we are introduced to a female undercover cop who is investigation a drug ring. Along the way she gets a gash wound on her head... At this point we are 10 min into the film.Couple of comments: let me state upfront that I had never heard of this film, and only found out about it when Netflix "suggested" it to me (based on my viewing habits). When I realized that this was a foreign film, I did not hesitate. As it turned out, this film was quite the mixed bag for me. The plot is frankly confusing and I found it challenging to keep track as to who is who, with a no-names large cast to boot. Then there is the strange mix of "Fight Club" reminding themes vs. A typical drug crime type film. In the end, it's more a film about Polish macho types eager and needing to release a lot of pent-up anger and feelings. But with a running time of 2 hrs and 20 minutes, the movie is too long for its own good. Last but not least, please note that the movie's title "Furioza" refers to the name of the fight club which the cops are tracking, and should not be confused with/is not related to the Charlize Theron character Furiosa in the "Mad Max: Fury Road" movie."Furioza" recently started streaming on Netflix. If you liked the classic 1999 film "Fight Club" (yes, almost a quarter century ago!), I'd readily suggest you check this out, keeping expectations modest, and draw your own conclusion.
7 Life is not an easy journey - that I think is true for most if not all of us. That being said, the question is what we are willing to fight for. Or what we think is worthy fighting for. And even that ... like does it make sense to hit someone over sports? Or for a joke/verbal argument? And then there are nobler causes - like fighting for your family. Metaphorically and literally speaking.So if you don't mind the violence and are ok with certain cliches that the movie will serve you - this really is well made. It does not hold back on its punches and while the beginning is tense, you know you won't stay there - but will get an explanation. Time lines are something that movies like to use freely. And why not? It creates tension and suspense ... decent thriller to say the least with convincing performances.
17 April 2022 Furioza, a Polish Netflix action-thriller, is not just a higher form of the comparatively childish Fast and Furious; it feels like the real thing, as if the spirit of every serious gangster film were put on steroids and made into a brutal cop story pitting a gang of skinhead, immoral thugs banned together and fighting like a nightmare of Fight Club.Three friends from the same gang: Dawid (Mateusz Banasiuk), Kaszub (Wojciech Zielinski) and Dzika (Weronika Ksiazkiewicz), his former girlfriend. Each takes a different life that converges again--this time Dawid is a doctor, Kaszb, his brother, stays in a gang, and Dzika (reminding me physically of Guy Pearce) joins the police. Dzika asks Dawid to infiltrate Furiosa for information and thus save his brother from being prison.Bad boy gang leader Antman (Marcin Mrowezynski) is the object of their arrangement because his gang is not only responsible for drug trafficking, but it also mercilessly beats on gangs and civilians alike. For auds who like seeing realistic fisticuffs, Furioza is ground zero. For those who like to see brotherhood and romance play out thematically while accompanied by rough-housing, this adventure is nectar.It's enjoyable and culturally instructive to see a gangster flick from a European country like Poland with enough eurotrash to make us feel good about our own tough-guy trash. Furiozo is fast and furious with enough evil and love to make it a cut above our common mobster actioner.
4 I heard some good reviews but after about half hour watching still didnt know what was the goal or where it headed. Story went on without saying anything at all.
9 Yes it last for 2t 30min but its just pure gold all of it, some parts are a bit slower but then at the end its beautifull.I see why people join these gangs when you see the love and respect they have for echoter.
10 Honestly one of the best movies I've seen in a long time!It is so incredibly satisfying to watch something not ruined by diversity or garbage wokeness these days.
2 Fighting gangs clash again and again. But being a gangster always ends the same. It takes 2 hours, 20 minutes to reach that conclusion! I fell asleep after the first five fights.
10 Top notch movie. I was very impressed with Mateusz Damiecki acting. Captivating with loads of action. I don't want to give away too much but definitely worth watching.
10 The film has a very simple storyline and is not hard to follow like previous reviews suggest.Alot of the story is based around the brotherhood of the gang and their struggles to make money and survive in a violent culture. I watched the film in 2 halves due to its length, however the pace is quick and not boring. The gang has lots of different characters which makes it interesting and enjoyable to watch. This is alot better than most of the Hollywood films being shown this year. Well worth watching.
7 The story is a little fragmented and confusing. Still it is a good watch. Well filmed with good acting and great fight scenes. The dubbing is not bad and the selected voices work well. Not an easy flow movie, still a solid watch.
6 As other reviewers have said the story can be confusing at times, and there wasn't as much action as I expected for this kind of film, felt like more of a drama for the most part. The actors do a good job but the film could probably have been cut shorter, but an ok watch nonetheless.
1 Seriosly from actors to plot its uter waste of time. Producer must be braindead to serve us this nonsense, too bas netflix is pushing this so much... dont waste your time on this, thers plenty good movies to watch instead.
5 So if you actually check it out this was meant to be a mini series and exists in such format.As a film this was too long, had too many plot lines and characters that were not necessary to convey the story.What is good-dialogues, acting, premise.What is not good-convoluted narrative, characters' motivations and scenes that do not add up to the story.Overall, Polish cinema is trying to do something and be something, but it doesn't yet know what it is.A good attempt.
1 When i tell you i laughed at how dumb the ending was i could not laugh harder XD english dub was terrible so i tried orginal language and let me tell you did not sound great either. Fight scenes were so dumb unless you like high school or pub fights. Its similar to the newest batman in the sense that when it feels like the movie should end they just start the next one. The only difference is this movie says hooligan like its the coolest thing ever XD-spoilers-The only thing even remotely interesting about the film was the betrayal of the gang leader by one of his best fighters because of the lust for money and power. Even than its so long and drawn out that i only recommend it if you want to have a laugh at he end of a 2 hour joke. I mean seriously "did you forget about me" (roll credits)
10 Incredibly great movie! I haven't looked better in a long time! All ten fingers up.A look at the fan world with a large dose of crime that sometimes accompanies that life! The brutality and rivalry in cheering and on the dark side of crime did not diminish.Just keek on making stuff like that!
8 An entertaining storyline that follows an ex-hooligan who finds himself pulled back into a life he sought to escape. He's faced with a decision to embrace the world he came from or betray those he loves, and the movie uses this plot as a way to examine what it means to have an honor code, and the gray areas that surround those decisions. Nothing in the movie is particularly surprising or novel, but it's produced really well. The acting is all quite compelling, the fight sequences are frequent, realistic and engaging, and the movie is all in all very entertaining.
3 Too slow and too boring. Save your time and don't watch it, People should stop voting national movies with high scores and misleading everyone else!..........................................................................
5 Quirky, yes, Original, it had some moments, good..... I'm not too sure on that one, it had some elements that were good, but far too many eye rolling moments, too many things that just didn't hang together.The acting was alright, Eddie Marsan was good as always, but efforts to make us think the characters were American, and in The US, just fell flat. Had they spoken naturally, and just set it in The UK, it may have worked better.The behaviour of the characters was just somehow really odd, hard to imagine anyone having such bizarre experiences, and carrying on normally.Favourite scenes, the cafe scene was bonkers, but worked well, the part with the rat in the house also good.Odd, not terrible, but should have been so much better.5/10.
6 This horror film opens with Hal, a middle aged man, finding a cassette that contains a 1980s computer game called 'CURS>R'. He has an old computer so decides to play. It is a text based adventure game. As soon as it starts something odd happens; his choices in the game play out in real life. He can only stop playing if he makes copies of the game; he does so. Three months later protagonist Kayla finds the game along with a note stating that the first person to beat it will win $125,000 and a phone number, which gives a recorded message suggesting it might be unclaimed. Her friend, computer programmer Isaac, helps her start to play. Again her in game choices have real world consequences; attempts to stop playing or destroy the tape don't work; if she tries to avoid making a choice it tells her to 'Choose or Die'! Things will get increasingly unpleasant as Kayla learns more about the game and its origins before inevitably facing 'The Boss' level.This film opened well; anybody who played a computer game will enjoy hearing the sound of a game loading off a cassette nostalgia inducing. The way the game affected real life might not have been entirely original it was enjoyable. Some of these were pretty disturbing but at other times we just see old style game animation while hearing what is meant to be happening which was less scary... although I guess it saved on the effects budget. The story progresses well enough with Kayla taking on the various levels of the game at the same time each day and worrying about what to do in between. The cast is solid. Talking of the cast; given that they are mostly British and it was filmed in London there is no logical explanation of their characters being American and setting it in the US. It was fun having Robert Englund, of 'Nightmare on Elm Street' fame provide the voice of the game's 'Director Terror'. Overall I thought this was okay; hardly a must watch but it passed the time well enough.
5 It's one of those movies that falls into the mediocracy area pretty quickly. The acting is ok (Eddie Marsan is the stand-out as always) but the plot is just tired, old and predictable.It's not a movie I'd explicitly pay to watch but if it appears on your favorite streaming service(s) give it a watch while you do something else.
1 When computer programmer Kayla (Iola Evans) copies an old computer adventure game to her laptop, stuff happens.My favourite part of Choose or Die was when the soon-to-be-dead friend turns into a glitchy video image and starts to spew up videotape. My second favourite part was the giant rat attack, told entirely via monochromatic computer sprites. I didn't understand why either scene was happening, but they made me laugh (especially when the videotape was rewound and played forwards again).To be honest, I didn't have a clue what was going on for the majority of this lamentable retro, hipster mix of The Ring and Brainscan. I didn't understand the origin of the game or the rules behind its curse. Stuff just happens, and, for the most part, it's not very interesting stuff. People die, but they do so in the most unimaginative and gore-free fashion (whatever way is the cheapest to film). I wasn't invested in any of the characters, so I didn't really care what happened to them.The final scene makes it clear that a sequel could happen. I think I'll choose not to watch it.
5 Choose or Die is about an unemployed programmer struggling to get by while looking after her sick mother when her and her 1980s obsessed friend discover an unheard of 80s video game that is much more than it seems. One of those old green and black choose your adventure games becomes very real as its not just a game, the decisions made affect the real world, she must make a choice, or die. The girl has to keep playing while she also tries to discover the origins of the game and how to stop it.Robert England only provides his voice to an answering machine and parts of the game, so don't expect to see him on screen.Overall, compared to some reviews here, it's not a bad movie, but it's not one I'll ever check out again. It's not so much a nostalgic thing, melleniul or boring as some other reviews stated. It just is what it is. It's not really horror unless you have a fear of video games coming to life, it's more of a bit of a thriller and investigation with a few deaths along the way. It is what it is.Like I said, it's pretty much just a one off viewing kinda thing, but certainly not a must see. You choose if you wanna see it? Either way, you won't die lol.
5 I gave it 5 stars as a pity move. It's a pretty bad movie. Derivative, done to death, and cheesy.I mean, they tried. They even got a cameo from Freddy himself, Robert Englund. That's just not enough. The lead actress seems ernest and is trying. The faults lie entirely with the lazy writing, crappy sfx, and the predictability of damn near every single scene.
5 An inventive but ultimately disappointing horror movie. Choose Or Die has some nice moments and the final third is better than what has come before but it is choppy in places and never really gels. A smart little voice cameo from Robert Englund and Iola Evans & Asa Butterfield are likeable enough leads but the movie just feels rushed. Could have been so much better.
4 All it takes to get millennials' attention is the mere mention of retro-gaming. When that forms the core concept of a horror-thriller, it obviously piqued my interest. The inclusion of Asa Butterfield in a prominent role also raised the stakes a little. But nope, the film is as bad as its poster looks. A B-horror movie that boasts a few outlandish frames thanks to its video-game context, there's not a lot to recommend here. The plot is absurd but that'd have been okay if the film stuck to its wackiness all through, say like Bandersnatch. Here, it shuffles between the real world and the video-game world, at times undermining the consequences that take place in the former. Like, the protagonist's mom is in the hospital nearly dead with an absolute creep for a bystander, and she's more concerned about the "prize money"? Okay then! Also, instead of focusing on the scares and thrills, the film goes the expository route. 👎
4 I believe it would have been an interesting short film about retro game that takes over control and forces you to make awful choices.However, the movie falls short with a regular length runtime and proves to be a drag devoid of any real excitement. As many before mentioned, it's just plain boring.Leading duo does a decent job but underdeveloped script gives them little to work with.Almost impossible to get through in one sitting.Would have rather avoided it.4 out of 10 from me.
2 Is it really what I think it is? Filmed in the U. K with U. K. actors Playing Americans in America in the U. K.!Why could they not be British characters?
7 The first 43 minutes of this originally done Horror flick was easily 10/10 & then it started to go down hill so I'm conflicted with the score to rate this movie 🎬 because the first half was so good I'll give it 7/10 It's definitely worth the watch because the start of this movie was insanely cool!
5 It's not really scary, but it's entertaining with its really good moments.It has the right balance of the older nostalgic effects as well. The ending is a bit weak, especially compared to how strong the start is. Worth a watch, but not with high hopes since it does have themes seen in other horror films. So it's not the most original, but it's fun to watch if you are a horror fan.The overall plot isn't the most in depth, but it works. The acting is decent enough too. I've seen much worse.
4 Kayla Edwards (Iola Evans) is a college programming student living paycheck to paycheck as a window cleaner and caring for her drug addicted mother, Thea (Angela Griffin). On the side, Kayla restores old technology for her friend, Isaac (Asa Butterfield), who specializes in coding and old computer programming. When Kayla comes across a copy of old 80s computer game CURS>R in Isaac's collection, she decides to play the game for a chance at possibly winning unclaimed prize money related to the game. However when Kayla plays the game, CURS>R's choices have real world consequences and in order to survive Kayla will have to choose or die.Choose or Die began life under the title Curser (spelled CURS>R) back in 2019. When it was first announced, the project was envisioned as a "short form" series for the ill-fated Quibi streaming service that folded less than a year after its launch with Ridley Scott serving as a producer through his Scott Free label. When Quibi folded so too did this incarnation of the project, but while Ridley Scott dropped out as a producer, UK company Anton relaunched the project as a traditional feature film with director Toby Meakins and writer Simon Allen still involved. The film marks Meakins' first feature debut, as well as the first feature writing credit of Allen who's better known for his TV work such as BBC's The Watch or The Musketeers. Choose or Die has an interesting premise on the surface, but underneath its initial hook this is a bare basics rehash of those post 2002 The Ring "cursed object" movies you've seen only with unintentional hilarity.When I'd heard about the premise for this film revolving around a cursed 80s text based adventure game, I was reasonably optimistic about the premise as I'd seen the concept done before in the episodic horror game Untold Stories where a play plays a text based adventure game that suddenly turns into a dark reflection of a past wrong they committed. Unfortunately that's where the comparisons end because the movie doesn't have characters who are all that interesting and are given the bare minimum as place holders to go through most of the same beats you've seen in movies like Polaroid, Countdown, Friend Request, and every other horror movie of the past 5 years you probably forgot existed. But Choose or Die stands out a little from those movies as it goes beyond being generic and into unintentional comedy.The first "choose or die" set piece where Kayla inadvertently causes an unsuspecting waitress to commit suicide by eating glass is somewhat unnerving, but every subsequent set piece beyond the first one amps up the ridiculousness beginning with a sequence where the game creates a giant rat that terrorizes Kayla's mother Thea in their apartment, but we don't actually see this rat as instead the sequence is shown to us with pixelated black and green graphics complete with MIDI music that makes a scene that should be horrifying gut bustlingly funny. And it only gets worse from there as poor Asa Butterfield reaches a low point in his career where he acts out a scene regurgitating unspooled Betamax tape in fast forward. But the absolute cherry on top comes from the very end of the movie where you'll be fully aware this was once intended to be a Quibi series because it sets up continuation in a way that positions it for a genre switch from horror to superhero.... I'm not joking.Choose or Die on the surface seems like yet another rehash of the cursed object formula, but it goes beyond simply being generic and can't be taken even the slightest bit seriously thanks to ill judged scenes that make something that should be horrifying instead humorous. The bland cast are feebly trying to bring some credibility to this material, but it's a fools errand as the premise gets more and more deranged culminating in an ending that feels like a remnant from when this was envisioned as a Quibi series.
1 Another bomb from Netflix, confusing and not in a good way. Some very questionable acting, I cut my losses and bailed at the 30 minute mark, Netflix collects so much revenue yet continues to produce trash like this. Then will go and invest hundreds of millions in shows like Stranger Things, some consistency lacking there.
4 Watched this last night in the hope that Netflix had added a good new horror film for me to watch, well they didn't exactly, in fact I thought the film was just okay.What did it have going for it, well the story was okay, it's been done before of course, the acting was borderline with the movie but of course parts of the film showed how cheap it was.Pros: as stated above and also not much more than what I have stated.Cons: there is way to much but a lot of reviewers have also stated such as, the music, putting loud rap music and synth music over the film just shows that the director doesn't know how to do tension, in fact this film was less than a horror film. There was no tension in it, no jump scares. So if they do a sequel stop with the over music it takes away any tension that is in the movie.Also the sub plot with the druggie, was awful and pointless, this bit was stupid.I struggled to give this film a four star rating, I was going to give a three but I did enjoy it and glad it wasn't on for a long time, so for that a four star rating.
3 The first half of the movie is great. Good premise, interesting idea and some nostalgia from the 80's well executed.But then, suddenly the movie sinks by itself. Extremely poor acting showed up including weird situations, annoying music, and the lame ending. What a conclusion. Terrible.Overall a wasted opportunity. Game over.
9 Watch the movie and ignore the bad reviews.. It's nicely told story with edge of seat suspense..
Wes cravenisc vibes..
Like old fashioned horror with twists you won't be disappointed..
7 Pretty solid film all in all. Good cast and plot. It reminded me of a mixture of 13 sins and escape room to some extent. I liked that it had an ambiguous ending, though I feel this film would be better as just a standalone. We also have robert englands voice in the mix which was good though wish we actually saw him. Altogether a well acted horror movie. Maybe one of netflixes best in recent years.
7 I read a lot of negative reviews for this movie, but it's deserves some credit for originality of the storyline.It's a very low budget movie, there are virtually zero special effects. And maybe this is why some people are disappointed I don't know.But for this reason, I think the movie deserves some kudos. The storyline is original and for a 90 minute movie, it's does keep you engaged until the end. There are a couple of gruesome moments, but it is not a heavy horror or gory film. I'd say it's really more borderline sci-fi thriller. Again, maybe people were expecting more here.I'd really give this movie a 6/10, but I think for a low budget movie I think it's entertaining.Basically, I'd expect to see this movie, at a low-budget, 2-day horror film festival.For a Netflix movie, I'd expect bigger/budget production. Overall, it is different and watchable.
6 If you are looking to get scared as hell, forget about it, its not that scary, pretty much predictable but I like the concept, its unique and fresh. The plot could have been explained better if this would have been directed by James wan but its a good film to watch. Just don't expect too much, save it for when you have nothing to watch.
6 I liked the nostalgia with the 80s tech pull, and the homage to Ring/Ringu mixed with Black Mirror feel.Not scary, but entertaining. There's a 1 Hour Photo feel, characters and the background color schemes matching/blending, that's pretty cool. Soundtrack is solid, acting decent.Not sure if it's rewatchable, but I enjoyed the 85 mins for what it was, popcorn flick with friends.
2 Just bad... Boring. And I'm one for giving slow moving films a chance, as I grew up in the 70's where films moved much slower than the films of today, but - a great film will hold your attention even still. THIS film is just silly, stupid, and has no real hook or story worth paying attention to.Avoid at all costs, if you actually value your time.
7 I am shocked this is getting such poor ratings!It was a bit like a long Black Mirror episode and it did require a bit of suspension of disbelief, but isn't that sometimes what sci-fi entertainment is all about? I grew up loving Eerie Indiana and Goosebumps etc so anything that falls into that sort of category is always a win for me; this was pretty much a grown up R L Stein story.Main point: Angela Griffin was amazing - absolutely her best performance, shame she didn't have a bit more screen time. It took me ages to realise it was her.Please give it a watch and just enjoy a silly, gory story with some great performances.
4 There was a missed opportunity to make this an interactive movie. It would've been better if the audience got to choose the options, changing the outcome of the movie being watched. Wish more time was spent on character development.I do like the ending, it reminds me a bit of deathnote - using this curse against criminals. Outside of that, not a great movie. If looking for a quick watch, turn it on but don't expect anything stellar.
2 I just watched this movie, hoping to experience some form of entertainment. Unfortunately this seemed to be impossible. Therefore my thoughts about this film in bullet points here below.Not scary at all. Not even for a brief momentBad acting. Even by the actor who plays a major role in sex education.Bad editing and camera work.Really bad sound effects. Instead of adding suspense, it takes away possible suspense / jump scaresIt's just really stupid. Both the story and plotAs a general thought I can conclude this was a complete waste of time.Where I ask myself the question; why, oh why was this movie made? When as bad on all levels of bad that this movie is, there's just no point making it...
8 Don't go by the so called critics the film is very good i have seen it even after reading reviews of so called critics and good thing i did because the film is awesome.Abhishek and Yami are the best thing about the film they are very restrained and the film is helmed by debutant who has done great job.Finally the film is fast and it doesn't bore you and you will laugh that enough for me.
8 Sameer lodayaThe movie will give you fun light entertainmentThe script was unique and was filmed in a very good way..the stories of politics education and family were well merged...Abhishek Nirmit yami have played extremely well..the movie went in a steady pace and no where you will feel bored..the movie is very clean and can be enjoyed will all age members..this movie will set a good example for neat and clean entertainment on ott platforms..climax was up to the mark with good emotionsNegative parts are songs and history visuals which wasted the movie time either it could be used in humour which was badly needed..as it was on educational content movie IAS should be respectedIt's a fun frolic movie.
10 Directed by debutant Tushar Jalota, Dasvi stars Abhishek Bachchan as Ganga Ram Chaudhary, the Chief Minister of fictional North-Indian state Harit Pradesh, who is jailed for misuse of power, fraud, and corruption. His imprisonment sets the stage and drama unfolds.In his absence, he makes his docile, rustic wife Bimla Devi Chaudhary --played to the hoot by a fantastic Nimrat Kaur--the acting CM. Used to spending her time caring for cows, the household, and her husband, she quickly realises her love for power and all that comes with it. As Bimla discovers her taste for politics, Ganga finds himself in the jail's library. Looking to bunk inmate duties and egged on by Yami Gautam Dhar's no-nonsense righteous superintendent Jyoti Deswal, he unwittingly takes up the challenge to pass Class 10th Board Examinations.The best thing about Dasvi is its cast. Abhishek Bachchan, the leader of the pack, is charming as the corrupt, cocksure CM forced into circumstances beyond his control. His Ganga is unlike anyone he's played before--a refreshing, much-needed change in his sagging filmography. He gets the milieu, the accent, the part just right. The film rests heavily on his shoulders. And he does not disappoint. Neither does Yami Gautam Dhar. Her policewoman is everything that Ganga is not and therefore, plays a crucial role in his coming of age. She delivers whatever she's given with palpable sincerity and earnestness.However, it is Nimart Kaur who steals the show in this one. As the unapologetically power-hungry surrogate CM, she gives a whistle-worthy performance. She adds a layer and gives an edge to this otherwise simplistic scattershot of a film. Almost all my favorite scenes in Dasvi have her. Whether it be tending cows or taking the chief ministerial oath or manipulating her husband to ensure that she continues to be CM, or making his cabinet her own overnight, she is terrific. It's nothing short of tragic that we don't get to see an actor of her calibre on screen more often.The supporting cast deserves a special mention too. All of Ganga's fellow inmates, who help him prepare for the exams, are a joy to watch. Whether it be Danish Husain's librarian 'Raebareli,' Arun Khuswaha's 'Ghanti,' or Manu Rishi Chadha's sycophant assistant cop, they add immensely to the film and make it richer.Popular YouTuber Arun Kuswah, who rose to fame as Chote Miyan in TVF videos, gives you plenty of rib-tickling moments. The rest of the cast including Danish Hussain play their parts well. Abir Tejpal's camera work goes apt with the narrative of the film. A Sreekar Prasad keeps his editing tight which is why there's barely any dull moment in Dasvi.Ganga Ram Chaudhary and Bimala Devi quip, "Thoda uchaa bolo" to each other when the political power lies in their respective hands. However, in Dasvi, Abhishek Bachchan and his team let their work do all the talking and pass with flying colours.
10 Superb acting by abhishek bachchan and namrit kaur.It seems like the good old days of abhishek comes back fabulous acting by him,he played a perfect role. Abhishek bachchan is always under rated actor but he is an brilliant artist which he has shown again by this film.Strong story line-up a must watch film.
9 "Dasvi", a Maddock films movie Released on Netflix today starring Abhishek Bachchan, Nimrat Kaur & Yami Gautam in lead role..Story is about a Chief Minister who is sentenced to jail for a scam and during his tenure at prison he realises that person needs education more than a power as a man with an education is more powerful than a person sitting on a powerful chair with no education..Maddock films always impresses me as they come with the subjects which we might have heard or observed but the way its executed is always inspiring..Abhishek Bachchan playing as a Chief Minister who always knows when it comes to politics he is indomitable but when it comes to education he can be domitable.. He is such kind of a artist who shows thate he is not the usual stero type heroic image but he has his unique style & when scripts like Guru, Dasvi, Big Bull are being passed on him he just creates a strong vibe to the audience...Nimart Kaur as his wife performed well as when she realised that from a housewife she has to be the CM, what notion she kept of being a leader is very well displayed.Yami Gautam as a strict police officer also performed well.A story somewhere reflecting the other side of the politics displayed in a comic way but at the same time giving reminder to the society "THE POWER OF EDUCATION"
10 Engaging Movie ....what A StoryMaddock Was Always Great Movie Making Great Story N DialogueWriting ...Abhishek Bacchan steal your Heart !Yami Gautam is A Super Cop !Totally Entertainer Movie .....
9 Dasvi is a comedy drama film directed by tushar jalota. These are positives and negatives.Performances:-abhishek bacchan as always is superb in his character. This is his reborn as an actor and he is living it truly. Yami gautam is repeatedly proving her acting credentials. She is not just a showpiece. Nimrat kaur is excellent. She has always given her best in understated and grounded characters but she is equally good in a loud and cocky character. The supporting cast includes talented actors and they too shine.Dialogues:-the dialogues are entertaining and really good. The speech at the end on the importance on education works due to the dialogues specially.Screenplay:-the screenplay is really good and engaging. The sequences where gangaram studies various subjects is really well presented. The decision to make it lively and entertaining really works. The start is a bit scratchy though.Music and background score:-the music is good not extraordinary. We have got better albums than this. Its good. The bgm is also apt.This is a good and fun watch. Its entertaining, lively and also important. I rate it 9 out of 10.
10 Not solely dragged on any scene. Cut to cut subjects and very well impactful dialogues. Great actors doing their bit. Good topic and great execution towards the whole plot. Hope there is gyarvi(11th) or Barvi (12th).
9 Film gives a great message on education which is necessary at this age and time. Its very entertaining. All the actors are amazing especially Abhishek Bachchan is outstanding in this movie. Its great to see him back on screen.
8 Dasvi, is a lovely little movie which in its own quirky way shows the power of education and more to the point what it does to the mind, it awakens it.Abhisheikh is excellent, I loved every second of his screen presence in this movie, Nimrata was very good, however her evolution from a seed saadi to a manipulative Politician could have been handled better. Yamis role was somewhat limited but she did very well.The real hero of this movie is the message of education and literacy.
8 Motive of the movie is to provide a clear message about importance of education. Also touches on few caste related issues. Refreshing movie. Abhishek Bachchan is underrated.
10 I literally enjoyed watching this movie. That's it. I am so happy that all the cast have acted so well, Even the script is well written. Education is a tool to change.
10 Abhishek Bachchan performance best.direction and story very good. Totally entertainment. Must watch movie. Super duper hit. All characters are perfect.
10 Good work team, i really enjoyed the movie from 1st min to last min. Tvf team guys all the best and i have to admit abhishek bachan is really good now, good work abhishek bachan saab.
8 A fun ride with a social message riding along. Every actor did their job nicely. Abhishek b bachchan redeeming himself in style. Movies like these are way better than typical frame to frame copies of regional cinema. Moreover,OTT has given filmmakers the independence of touching new subjects.
8 Dasvi is an endearing and funny political satire that emphasizes on education and it's power to transform. Abhishek Bachchan passes with flying colours. This is one of his finest works. His chemistry with Yami Gautam is delightful to watch and one of the highlights of the film. Not to forget the charming & amusing Nimrat Kaur who steals every scene she is in. Watch this one with your entire family and have a good time.
10 Fantastic! Abhishek Bachchan is the best !!! Great acting, dialogue delivery, comic timing, etc. Nice family movie to watch! Amazing acting by everyone!!!!!
9 All the cast has performed equally superb. This could have been released into THEATRE first. "Education", "Guru Dakshina", "Guru Respect" and such other important messages. Watch with your families!! Loved it 😻
8 Again Jr bachhan is nailed it after Bob biswas other than Abhishek Bachchan Yami Gautam is convencing in her role tvf star like chote & shivankit parihar performance is also good overall it is good for watching....😍😍😍
10 Steller performance by AB nimrat and yami...excellent story line with extra ordinary direction by mr tushar jalota and small characters are also create magic by there act.
10 Superb acting by abhishek bachchan and namrit kaur.It seems like the good old days of abhishek comes back fabulous acting by him,he played a perfect role. Abhishek bachchan is always under rated actor but he is an brilliant artist which he has shown again by this film.Strong story line-up a must watch film.
10 I was a little apprehensive of the film landing on OTT but it surpassed all expectations. Abhishek Bachchan as a Haryanvi politician with a heart is just a tailor-made role for him and he embraces it with such aplomb and grace. The film takes a few stumbles initially to get going but the second half is superb, with flashes of humor, good-natured social messaging, and some cleverly written characters and twists. The cast, the production standards, editing(the great Sreekar Prasad), the script and dialog(Kumaar Vishwas) are all top class. The film is an Abhishek vehicle all the way, you can see how much he is enjoying each scene and frame, he elevates even the weaker portions and makes the film stand tall. Don't listen to critics, watch it for yourself and decide, this is a pure entertainer made with its heart in the right place.
10 What fun watching movie with a message.ab nailed the show , chemistry between ab n yami was awesome,nimrat is good .every one should watch movies with family ,will not get disappointed.
10 AB nailed it again, class acting by Abhishek and all other actors... good family movie..Abhishek Played perfect role of a political leader.. ...........................
Direction was spot on, Yami and Nimrat did great job...
10 AB and Narmit kaur steal the show. Must watch movie. AB is underestimate actor. A very good concept to change the environment of politics is main topic and I think director and all characters pass to deliver. Yumi gautam as usual is good. But Narmit kaur seriously a outstanding actress along with Abhishek Bachan.
6 Phil (Benedict Cumberbatch) and George Burbank (Jesse Plemons) are brothers leading a cattle drive in Montana. There is some unspoken tension between them. It's been 25 years since their first drive in 1900. George is taken with Rose Gordon (Kirsten Dunst) who gets belittled by Phil who calls her, the "suicide widow". George later marries her and Peter (Kodi Smit-McPhee) is her awkward son.This is a Jane Campion film. It's a slow burn especially in the first half. While I find these characters compelling, I do wish to have more reasons for these characters. I need their history. I do wonder if I missed something in the movie or if the book gives more meat to the bone. It's a movie of quiet beauty and an emotional volcano underneath the surface. It does have to hit its audience at the right angle. For me, the start is too slow and the movie struggles to gain speed. I saw this about a month ago before hearing all the critical push. My review remains the same but I respect anyone loving the slow burn.
5 It is said 'The Power of the Dog' covers themes such as love, grief, resentment, jealousy, masculinity, and sexuality. Homosexuality, to be exact. Or should I say, the film is very open to the suggestion of homosexuality, but it never really surfaces - almost like a 70's movie.I generally don't favour drama films, and the only reason I decided to watch 'The Power of the Dog' is because it received an amazing 562 award nominations (winning 250 so far), and because I like Benedict Cumberbatch as an actor. The film received an incredible 12 Oscar award nominations. So let's look at this film.Benedict Cumberbatch stars as a rancher, Phil, who runs a ranch together with his brother, George (Jesse Plemons). Phil is insensitive, rude and crude (lets just call him butch!), while George is quite the opposite. George falls in love and eventually marries Rose (Kirsten Dunst). Her son Peter (Kodi Smit-McPhee) is gay - or a faggot, as they call him in the movie. This causes Phil to constantly mock him in front of his workers.The film does have significant character development and there's lots to read between the lines, since the film tells its story in a very subtle manner. I must be honest, from an entertainment perspective, I wasn't all that entertained. In fact, I was pretty bored for the first 40 minutes. It moves along too...darn...slow...It really also is uneventful until the final reveal. (well, also not much of a reveal, as you sort of have to guess what they're trying to convey.) Apart from character study, there's hardly anything significant happening here. I was bored - just as I was with the highly acclaimed 'Brokeback Mountain' (although 'Brokeback' was a lot more in your face and not as toned down as 'The Power of the Dog'.)I can't help but wonder what prompted critics to adorn the film with so many awards. Is the high acclaim truly justified? Or is this overrated? For me, definitely. I agree, the film is beautifully shot with stunning cinematography. The set decoration is also incredibly well done, and the costumes are great. But is it that great a movie? Not for me....Would I watch it again? No.
5 If one makes a character drama then one needs 2 things:1 Great characters. They succeeded somewhat in portraying true to life characters, with good acting performances.2 Intense drama. NONE is to be found though. What a bummer.So what we have here is a polished portrait of good actors in a story that simply never becomes a real human drama. Simply lacklustre. Kinda tedious. Such a pity of the waste of many good actors...
5 The Power of the Dog was interesting, however I couldn't decipher what it was trying to say. And while the acting from Benedict Cumberbatch, Kirsten Dunst, and the rest of the cast is solid, the film seems a little pretentious. I also was distracted by some directorial choices. Perhaps it's because I heard so much buzz about it, but I just feel like The Power of the Dog is overrated.
4 A seemingly endless mirage of depressing not so subtle subtext- The Power of the Dog misses its goals on nearly every mark- never quite finding the balance between its harsh realities and a decent story. I'll be honest and say the only reason I even completed watching this movie was to write my review. The first hour of this film was so incredibly tedious it was quite unbearable to watch at times- and took me 4 attempts to get through. The second half, thankfully, is a lot more interesting- but as with the rest of the film- still lacks a greater point despite its intended actions. Many may criticize me for hating on this film, saying i'm missing the point, but I understand what this film is trying to do completely- rather- I just think it does it quite poorly. It is trying to invoke a subtle nature of depression and mental illness in a time where it was more ill to bring these things to light in society than experience them. Its main problem is that it isn't quite so subtle, if it was any more obvious it'd be a flashing beacon with words on the screen shouting depression. Not to mention its tedious and incredibly dull storytelling hardly find any interesting moments into the later half, and even then, it's still quite a mess. The acting is decent- Cumberbatch and Plemmons are obviously giving it their all- and Dunst is too- but her performance feels overshadowed and too over the top given the films direction to truly deserve any praise. The cinematography is fantastic, and it truly captures the vibe of the films tone and atmosphere, but you still can't help but feel while watching at it that it's a beautiful empty vessel still attempting to find any significance. In the end, The Power of the Dog is another boring Oscar Bait flick, overrated and bound to be forgotten. It has its strengths, but far too little of them to make for a decent watch in any way shape or form.My Rating: 4.2/10.
9 The shadow of Bronco Henry hovers over the story and the characters of "The Power of the Dog". He's long dead when the picture opens, but the story reveals that he was a mentor to the Burbank Brothers, the caustic and abusive Phil (Benedict Cumberbatch), and the more reserved, almost timid George (Jesse Plemons). When the story revealed a well guarded secret regarding Phil's sexuality, I had to wonder if the relationship he began pursuing with Peter Gordon (Kodi Smit-McPhee) was influenced by lonely days on the trail between Bronco Henry and the reclusive cowboy.There's also the early mention of Peter's promise to keep his mother Rose (Kirsten Dunst) safe, after his alcoholic father committed suicide by hanging. While both Peter and George appear to be ineffective against Phil's taunts and bursts of bravado, an undercurrent of payback begins to evolve, even if it's not readily apparent at the outset. Though Peter appears to be somewhat effete in his mannerisms, he has no qualms about snapping a rabbit's neck to put it out of misery. When Peter sees a barking dog in the shadow of a mountain range, it arouses a spark of sensitivity in Phil, who up until then felt that he alone had this mysterious insight into things unseen by others.The tease of a homo-erotic encounter between Phil and Peter is ever present in the latter half of the picture, just as a final confrontation is expected between the two very different brothers. Instead, the picture offers a deliciously ambiguous ending, leaving the viewer with a reason to contemplate the death of Phil Burbank. As an aspiring medical student, Peter certainly knew how to handle the anthrax-diseased steer that he encountered on the range. So one has to decide whether the transference of the virulent bacteria to the cut on Phil's hand was intentional or inadvertent. I'm pretty sure I know the answer to that one, but the engaged viewer will have to decide on one's own.I didn't give it any thought while watching, but another reviewer on this board suggested the film as an Oscar contender. In a year with a dearth of exceptional films, I have to consider that the idea might have some merit. Benedict Cumberbatch's performance is broodingly forceful, with more than capable support from Plemons, Smit-McPhee and Dunst. I have to think it might be a surprise contender.
5 5/10 - maybe I just missed something but this western awards darling had literally nothing of interest happen in it's over 2 hour runtime and the acting does not reach the heights of other performances this year.
3 There is no doubt that Jane Campion knows how to deliver visually stunning films but why can't she end up selecting a story with reasonably compelling characters? Her source material is the 1967 novel of the same name by Thomas Savage. While billed as a "western," the narrative is set way past the days of the wild, wild west in 1925 Montana. Interestingly enough, the film was shot on location in New Zealand with an international cast.The Power of the Dog is about two brothers, Phil (Benedict Cumberbatch) and George Burbank (Jesse Plemons), who inherited a large ranch from their father. Phil, a surly unpleasant man, owes much of his training as top ranch hand to a mysterious mentor "Bronco" Henry who trained him in his youth. George on the other hand is in charge of the business side of the operation.George is probably the least fleshed out of all the characters here as we learn virtually nothing about him throughout the 126 minutes of screen time. He's a passive character who seeks to avoid confronting Phil at every turn. His obsequiousness is on full display once he meets the widow and innkeeper Rose Gordon (Kirsten Dunst) and decides to marry her.Phil treats Rose terribly and one wonders from the outset why George does virtually nothing to defend her. Also treated poorly by Phil is Rose's effeminate son, Peter (Kodi Smit-McPhee), who Rose puts through medical school with funds accrued once married to George.For half the movie Phil is such an unlikable, nasty character that we wonder if there's anything interesting here to find out about. But around the midpoint, Phil suddenly takes a liking to Peter during his summer school break after it becomes clear there is a homoerotic relationship developing between the older and younger man.Nothing physically is shown between the two but we learn that Peter finds a stash of nude male photos in a Physical Health magazine belonging to Phil. The rugged ranch hand is also shown masturbating outside and teaches Peter how to ride a horse. What's more, as a token of his interest, Phil begins fashioning a lasso from animal hides (most of which he was planning to dispose of by burning them anyway).The "big" suspense in the film is when Rose seeks to retaliate against Phil by giving away the animal hides to a couple of Native American peddlers who are seeking to effect a trade while visiting the ranch. Phil is furious but Peter mollifies him by giving him a hide from a diseased animal so he can complete work on the lasso.I'm not exactly sure why Peter doesn't mention that the hide is from a diseased animal but the upshot is that Phil contracts anthrax and dies. End of story.The downbeat ending is somehow supposed to be tragic but why should we care for Phil at all given his earlier outrageous malefic behavior? I guess it's because by no longer denying his homosexuality and acting upon it, that proves that he's some kind of noble character.None of the characters here have much of a backstory and the dialogue is more geared toward playing up the homoerotic nature of Phil's inner conflict than rooting all of them in the sociopolitical reality of 1920s Montana (although I will admit they found some really nice antique cars that add to the overall impressive production design).Cumberbatch takes on the role of despicable villain in the first half and then morphs into the "sensitive" soul afterward. His acting is good for what it is-fulfilling all the requirements of the mediocre melodramatic writing on display here.Dunst as Rose has little to do except emote as the afflicted alcoholic and Smit-McPhee as Peter can only play the laid-back artist-med student not given to saying much at all. As for Plemons as brother George, as previously stated, he was burdened with what one could easily describe as a "non-part."With little suspense and hardly much of a payoff, The Power of the Dog can be best thought of as "Brokeback Mountain lite," a tale of repressed homosexuality which finds only a modicum of highly charged expression.
2 Since she made The Piano, Jane Campion has become a cult figure in movies. Any of her movies will, therefore, have a devoted following, regardless of their quality.Here's my take on this one, which I didn't like.Yes, the exterior cinematography is often very beautiful.But the rest left me detached, unmoved, and unimpressed.The script is full of very artificial dialogue that often goes nowhere.Most of the scenes move at the speed of molasses in January. Endless moments are presented as significant because they move slowly and there is next to total silence.I just didn't care. Some previous reviewers said this created tension. I felt no tension whatsoever.Nor do I see this movie as displaying great acting. Not the actors' fault, certainly. They were given little to work with. Endless pained expressions do not constitute great acting, especially in a sound picture.I stuck it out until the end. Thank God it was on Netflix. I don't think I could have made it all the way through in a movie theater. Despite what some of the previous reviews suggest, there is no surprise ending. The truly bizarre boy turns out to have a backbone, of sorts, and that's about it.Watch it at your own risk, and make of it what you will.
2 March 2022 Dramatic events begin to unfold on a ranch in Montana when two very different brothers come together.Written and directed by Jane Campion based on Thomas Savage's 1967 novel, it's nothing to write home about despite it critical acclaim. Not holding a candle to other Western dramas. To be blunt it's tedious at best.While the production and acting is high quality including the likes of the excellent Benedict Cumberbatch, Kirsten Dunst (alcoholic Rose), Jesse Plemons and Kodi Smit-McPhee; the film itself is as melancholy and tormenting as its themes. There's just not enough meat on its slow burning bones. Or enough engagement in the subtle approach to the subject matter to make it intriguing viewing. Just because something is drawn out and/or lingering doesn't automatically make it good to warrant further artistic merit.Both Ari Wegner's cinematography and Peter Sciberras' (a few continuity errors aside) editing is notable. The Power of the Dog's issue I don't think is Campion's direction per se, borrowing framing from the likes of The Searchers (1956), or the over powering score from Jonny Greenwood; it possibly stems from the source material that this adaptation adopts by default. There's better films that deal with sexuality, alcoholism, masculinity, vengeance and the West. Don't expect a classic Western, it's not in the vein of Once Upon a Time in the West (1968), nor the Unforgiven (1992) or more recently The Hateful Eight (2015) and The Sisters Brothers (2018).Unfortunately, this is drudge of boredom, with sincerity; it's probably best to read a Greek tragedy instead.
5 The British have a term that applies well here, in my opinion: "A bit rubbish." This movie was "a bit" a lot, or rather, a lot of "a bit"! Here's what happened: This guy, Phil, is a bit too dependent on his brother. So when the brother finds a wife, Phil behaves a little bit nasty towards her. But then he gets a little bit nice towards her young son, and then the son, who was a bit along in his medical studies, kills Phil in a clever way and gets away with it - because Phil was a bit nasty to his mother.And, um, that's it. I found this movie incredibly dull. Well-acted, sure, but the story and the reactions were just... petty. Insubstantial, undramatic, a little bit of this, a little bit of that, nothing major of any kind. Super-damn-DULL! And oh how it would have benefitted from being 30 min. Shorter!! Gah.It's not that the story didn't have potential. With a more dramatic way of presenting things, so it felt like it mattered, it could have been okay.
8 The Power of the Dog is Jane Campion's first film since Bright Star in 2009. Since then Campion has concentrated on television with underwhelming results.Adapted from a novel by Thomas Savage published in 1967. Several attempts have been made to film it in the past. This included Paul Newman. I guess that it might have been a difficult story to adapt.Set in Montana in 1925. Benedict Cumberbatch plays macho alpha male rancher Phil Burbank. He is a learned man who prefers to get his hands dirty and be with the company of other cow hands. He has a sharp tongue and can be casually cruel.Phil also pushes his brother George (Jesse Plemons) around, constantly calling him Fatso. Both run the ranch together with George doing more of the business side of things. It is noticeable that despite the name calling, both brothers are close. They even sleep in the same bed. Phil likes to talk about Bronco Henry. The man who taught both of them to be ranchers, live life in the wild west and the older man was very much a mentor to Phil.Phil's cruelty comes to the fore when Phil and his cow hands go to a restaurant run by widow Rose Gordon (Kirsten Dunst.) Phil's ire is aroused by her thin effeminate son Peter (Kodi Smit-McPhee) who makes paper flowers. Phil delights in mocking them both.His anger is deepened when brother George marries Rose. He actually punches a horse. She and Peter come to live in the ranch but Phil rejects them both. Phil delights in his cruelty, playing mind games that drives Rose into alcoholism.Peter whose late father was an alcoholic who killed himself. Peter realises that his mother's life is descending into a living hell.The Power of the Dog has a slow burn opening. It takes a while to get going. It is obvious that Campion has adapted the screenplay and directed with subtle economy.You have to concentrate on the visuals and the subtle information that has been imparted. There are clues thrown here and there. There is a scene where Phil asks Peter to look at the mountains and say what he really sees. The answer surprises Phil.The second half in retrospect is actually a revenge thriller. The victims are not Peter and Rose. It is Phil himself.Peter finds out that Phil is a closeted homosexual. He plays on that to get close to Phil which succeeds. Phil genuinely befriends him, teaches Peter to ride a horse, be a rancher.As they talk Peter mentions that his father always told him to be more kind. Something Phil disbelieves. When both of them trap a rabbit that has been injured. Phil tells Peter to kill it, it seems Peter will not be able to do it as he casually strokes it but quickly snaps it neck.It all points to Peter who studies medicine, is planning for Phil to be the next person he will kill in order to save his mother.By the end I was really taken in by the film. The more I thought about it, the more I liked it. In fact a few days later, I wanted to watch it again. Something I rarely do these days as I find most movies disposable.The best performances are from Cumberbatch, Dunst and Smit-McPhee. The biggest surprise is Cumberbatch.Of all the Marvel superheroes, he would not had been my first choice for Phil. I can see Robert Downey jr, Jeremy Renner, Chris Evans and Mark Ruffalo playing him.Cumberbatch does quirky and nerdy types. Here he really looks like a cowboy and he must have spent hours in the gym.
1 I don't see what all the fuss is about. We tried to get through this twice. I guess we made it but fell asleep most of the way through. Depressing movie about a jerk who picks on the gay kid. I guess it will get awards because the gay kid is the victor. It was slow and depressing and makes you happy you are living in 2022.
1 Jane Campion's movies are very much hit or miss... actually, most of them are a miss because, regardless of the plot, they offer fantastic sceneries coupled with total lack of tension. Once again we find here some magnificent landscapes, if you are into desolated, jagged hills and houses lost in the middle of nowhere and unsympathetic, dull characters who can hardly string a couple of words together.The plot is about wealthy, arrogant, bad-mannered Phil who resents Rose, his brother's George wife. Rose is a widow with a grownup son named Peter, and she might have married George out of interest. Is that any of Phil's business? Clearly it isn't, but we should buy into the fact that Phil is so angry and therefore so nasty to Rose that she turns into an alcoholic because of her mental anguish.When Peter moves to the brother's ranch, the tale takes a weird homoerotic turn, as in gay cowboy porn - but stylish - with plenty of male naked buttocks and glittering muscles; unfortunately, not even that manages to inject a sparkle of vitality. Think about a mix between Giant and Brokeback Mountain, but ten times slower and with stilted dialogues interspersed by long silences.PS the story is supposed to take place in Montana around 1925, but it was filmed in New Zealand and it definitely conveys more Lord of the Rings vibes than any western you've ever seen. Also despicable is the cruelty to animals. I know stuff like that goes on, but I don't need to witness it, thank you very much Ms. Campion for sticking to brutality between people.
9 Two brothers born into wealth and privilege take over their family's cattle ranch in the wilds of 1923 Montana. One of them (Jessie Plemons) conducts himself the way you'd think a college educated man would. The other (Benedict Cumberbatch), despite having a degree from Yale, struts around like an alpha dog, staying dirty and stinky on purpose because he thinks that proves something about himself.Into this dynamic comes Kirsten Dunst, Plemons' new wife, and her gentle, effeminate son (played by Kodi Smit-McPhee in the film's best performance). We think this movie is going to be about Cumberbatch terrorizing this unwanted female and her sissy son, a sort of cross between "Giant" and "There Will Be Blood," until something really unpleasant happens. But writer/director Jane Campion has other things on her mind. Something, or many, unpleasant things happen, or maybe they're not so unpleasant depending on your point of view. But I guarantee that at least some of them won't be the things you're expecting."The Power of the Dog" reinforces what I already knew -- male macho posturing and bullying is usually a desperate attempt to disguise feelings of inadequacy and self doubt. Though set in 1923, the film is so clearly about now, and I was all in for a movie where the character who has reason and science at his back proves himself to be far stronger than the character who huffs and puffs like the big bad wolf. After all, we know how things turned out for the wolf.This is a tense, expertly acted, and endlessly fascinating drama. It's rare that I find myself sitting in a theater having literally no idea where a movie is going, but this one is unpredictable in the best possible way.Grade: A.
2 I am not a particular fan of director Jane Campion. I have seen the majority of her films and they are often murky, jumbled and dreary populated by unappealing characters conducting themselves in ways no one in real life ever would. Her most notorious film is The Piano. It is indisputably her best, but to say that it is supremely flawed would be a massive understatement.When critics and Oscar voters began inventing superlatives in regard to her latest endeavor, The Power of the Dog, I somehow had forgotten her hit-and-miss history. I usually love Benedict Cumberbatch and Kirsten Dunst, and the story sounded like it might be interesting, so I looked forward to viewing it. Fasten your seatbelts, ladies and gentleman, because this is a real stinker.Where to begin? The film has some nice cinematography featuring bleak landscapes. Then again, everything in this picture is bleak, so I guess that is no surprise. I will say that I did not particularly buy the setting as Montana.The story can basically be summed up as miserable people being miserable...the end. The film runs slightly over 2 hours, but easily feels like 4 hours. Largely because so very little actually happens and what does is relentlessly unpleasant. Seriously, we have just pushed through two years of COVID - does anyone really want to trudge through this experience? Not every film needs to be upbeat and some brutal films are compelling. However, this is none of those. It is literally like mainlining an IV of pure depression. Those on anti-depressants - beware!The action - and I use that term very loosely here - centers on two brothers who run a Montana ranch. The steely macho Cumberbatch and the civilized plain Jesse Plemmons. Plemmons, Cumberbatch and their rowdy crew stop at a local hotel/restaurant run by widow Kirsten Dunst and her young son Kodi Smit-McPhee. To the apparent delight of the crew, Cumberbatch is grossly rude and terrorizes and mocks the two of them reducing them to blubbering messes.In one of the film's many ridiculous developments, Plemmons returns later to apologize and an offer of marriage for Dunst. In a further peak of absurdity, Dunst accepts, even though it means moving herself and her overly sensitive son into closer contact with the brutish Cumberbatch. Cumberbatch naturally wastes no time launching a campaign of abuse, mental torment and increasingly demonic manipulation against the "intruders".I literally have no idea what anyone sees in this film. It cannot even remotely be described as entertaining. Watching it is an absolute chore. The characters are either hateful beyond compare or so passive as to be mere wisps. And will someone please explain to me why the whole canard of the macho bully being a closeted gay guy taking out his frustrations on the world is still considered edgy. There are tons of closeted gay men who do not act this way, but literature and film seem to think this is the norm. This is also nothing new. It is a cliche and listening to critics and fans of this film act as though it is some shocking twist rather than a cliche one could see coming from 15 minutes in just makes them seem idiots.I usually enjoy Dunst, but this film does her no favors. She plays a simpering passive victim from start to finish. She has no backbone and is incapable of standing up for herself or her son. Instead of facing down Cumberbatch or packing up and leaving, she becomes a walking whipping post who melts into drink and despair. She never makes us understand why she accepts the out of the blue proposal or why she would think living in close proximity to Cumberbatch would ever work. Hers is less a character than a plot contrivance.Smit-McPhee plays the son with the weirdness quotient dialed up to 50 and enough over the top tics to make Norman Bates appear normal. Plemmons is utterly colorless. He is as stiff as a board and seems completely clueless as to what is actually happening or how to be proactive in any sense.And finally, the elephant in the prairie - Cumberbatch. God is he awful here. Let us start with something good. He strips naked and shows everything - so congrats for that. Otherwise, he is miscast in the extreme. His American accent is off-key enough to prove distracting. The role seems meant for a rough-and-tumble old school man-of-the-earth cowboy type. Cumberbatch, looking pale, gangly and aristocratic here, does not even come close to cutting the mustard, no matter how much over the top swaggering he trowels on. Reviewers seem to have doubled down that the reason everyone puts up with the character's brutish, bullying behavior is because of his "charisma" and "beguiling" nature. Was he? I beg to differ. I found nothing charismatic or beguiling about this character. He treats most people like garbage - at one point he even beats a horse for no discernible reason other than his frustration at being in the closet. He manipulates and torments pretty much everyone in his orbit.I hear this film often described as a "slow burn". When applied to Oscar dramas, I have concluded that this is code for "endless slog". This is a dreary, dull, pretentious, and woefully unpleasant waste of time that ostensibly should only appeal to those who like watching someone pull the wings of flies for fun.
1 "The Power of the Dog" is a film that I decided to watch because I heard it was nominated for many Oscars, but I must say it is very bad, so bad that I stopped watching 20 minutes in. I couldn't even tell you what it was about. It seemed like they wanted to make a Western that is the exact opposite of the old ones from decades ago, so they got some hipsters and had them make paper flowers and hula hoop, while other hipsters bully the first hipster. My rating: 1/10, and once again Oscar nominations are a negative indicator of value and more of a way of virtue signaling or giving a lifetime achievement award to people who made great work before but which was then snubbed due to it being actually good and popular. Beam me up.
2 So many reviews gave the feeling like the ending made it worth while. Like there was a huge twist. Nope!To say this is a slow burn is an insult to slow burn shows. This dragged. It explained little, so here is my take on it.It's about a crass gay rancher who is vicious to everyone but seems to have tons of boot lickers around him based on his ranching prowess. His brother appears to have some class but seems whitless and adds little to the movie. They add intrigue to the kid, but do nothing with it. It flails for 45 minutes before kind of settling on a kid who seems high functioning autistic and a gay cowboy who may or not realize he is gay. But is bitter and stuck in the past over the death of his love for his fellow rancher.Any of these topics could have been good. But the show avoided taking any path in any depth enough for you to care. If the show hired an editor to trim the movie down by 30-45 minutes, it would have been more entertaining.
28 December 2021 The narrative is slow and unfocused. The style is pretentious.The transition of the character Phil (Benedict Cumberbatch) is unclear. He becomes good to Peter (Kodi Smit-McPhee) just for no good reasons.Also, the death of Phil is confusing for most audiences.
3 Another Oscars hit that left me cold, POWER OF THE DOG is an extremely slow moving arthouse western that has very little to say for itself. We're stuck in a small interior with a brutish Cumberbatch and a sensitive kid, and after an age a romance plays out. It's extremely predictable and understated to the point of being utterly boring and without merit. No thanks!
6 2021's Nomadland: a gorgeous, critically unimpeachable slow-burn drama that can't live up to the hype and is just a bit too oblique for my taste. However, it's also reminiscent of Assassination of Jesse James and There Will Be Blood, both of which required a second viewing for me to appreciate them fully...so who knows? Maybe it's actually great? That certainly seems to be the consensus...?
2 Pretentious empty symbolism. Annoying repetitive music motifs that will undoubtedly be stuck in your head.Lots of very long, slow pointless scenes where the footage was just focusing on flies buzzing around or people stepping in muddy puddles.The plot would suddenly skip a whole chapter and audience members are just expected to know everything that happened, with no context or clues as to what actually happened.There was not enough dialogue to grasp what the situations were. It's a struggle to comprehend as the acting was wooden and subtle.None of the actors showed any facial expressions.Costume was incorrectly dated. The clothing choices were far to modern to have existed in the supposed era. It's also full of prop historical inaccuracies which completely destroys the immersion of the film
Why did it take several chapters for Phil to braid one rope? Obviously there was "symbolism" there but whatever the meaning of it is supposed to be, doesn't make any sense. It literally takes about 20mins to make a braid. It's not that deep.Stop trying to make a metaphor out of it. It's a rope. Go and hang yourself with it.The Rose character development was so predictable and shallow.As a non-boomer I had to ask several people why the cowboys were laughing about Peter's trousers. Apparently there we're "baggy" which supposedly is justification for bullying and harassment.The scene were Peter clearly cannot ride a horse even after 3 weeks, is only put in in the film to get the plot moving, no other reason. Yet he miraculously is able to ride on ride own a few minutes later. What?? Impecable logic.The final scene is full of bible cringe.Just throw the whole film in the bin.
2 Drama, Romance, Western
For the western part, yes it is and the sole reason to watch it. Been a while to see one.Romance? Like seriously
Drama, what nonsense stupid senseless complete waste of time.I am very surprised to see once again the high ratings for the movie, admittedly Benedict Cumberbatch was good with his acting but rest of the cast...........
Kirsten Dunst, looking too old, too too old. Never liked her in Spiderman series, as she made the worst MJ till date. Jesse Plemons, well he played as much as he is in the actual life with Kirsten Dunst, in other words, there or not there who will notice.Pass this one off.
18 October 2021 "The Power of the Dog" is a surprise to me, as I did not think the ending would turn out like this. I thought the emotions and pain that Phil, Rose and her son have to endure were remarkably portrayed.
13 September 2021 The Power of the Dog (2021) is an exceptional and complex film from Jane Campion. She wrote and directed this Western set in Montana in 1925 (it's based on a novel). Story has two dour brothers (Benedict Cumberbatch, Jesse Plemons) who live together in a massive barn of a house on the plains. When Plemons ups a marries a local hotel keeper (Kirsten Dunst) it sets in motion a weird tale of repressive rage.Plemons is a tad dim and doesn't realize that Dunst is unsuited to ranch life. She herself quickly starts hitting the bottle. Her son is gay and is even more unsuited to the life than she is. Cumberbatch is a filthy, stinking cowboy who resents the mother and son. Things start getting interesting when we learn he has a Classics degree from Yale. He has a few more secrets that unfold when he seems to befriend the awkward son.Slow and complex story keeps the viewer wondering exactly what's next. Nothing is ever really explained or articulated but we can read between the lines. The first clue may be that the brothers share a bed in the rambling house.Acting is terrific and Cumberbatch and Dunst turn in especially good performances. The son is played by Kodi Smit-McPhee. Keith Carradine shows up briefly as the governor. Campion filmed this one in New Zealand and the whole look of the film (all those damned dark, muted colors again) is other worldly. Neflix is running this one and it's definitely worth a look. This one might be in the awards running later this year.
10 ...which is precisely why so many people can't handle it. Gibson could have toned everything down, and then would have been met with apathy or mockery. Both the absurd accusations of antisemitism (in a movie where almost all the characters are Jewish), and the hypocritical criticism of the violence (there are only TWO sequences in the movie that are a bit difficult to watch, and the first happens around 50 minutes in) are overblown and hyped up because these are the only criticisms people can come up with. You can't fault the dialogue and line delivery because it's not even in English. You can't fault the direction because the minimal dialogue leads to a more visual story. The soundtrack is criminally underrated by itself. And so on. It is too well made and popular to simply dismiss, and that's why it was so controversial.The violence criticisms are especially silly given that we live in this culture where audiences and critics regularly gush over shows where graphic violence is played for laughs (Fight Club), nihilism (Game of Thrones), or both (Tarantino). Is it such a horror that a film appears that demands you take the implications of brutality seriously? Who is really the degenerate here, Mel Gibson or American society as a whole? However, there is an anguish which pervades every frame of this film and I could maybe see how that can color people's perception of the violence. Even Roger Ebert, one of the few critics who 'got' the film, estimated that '100 minutes, maybe more' of this two hour film was concerned with graphic torture. His calculations are way off. The people calling this a 'snuff film' obviously haven't watched it and are just parroting that one loser critic.Do you have to be religious to 'get' this film? Not particularly, the same way you do not have to be religious to appreciate Renaissance art, much of which seems to have influenced the film. It's also interesting how relatively influential it was, given the smattering of 'visionary' Biblical epics that sprang up in its wake but were consigned to mediocrity. (Ridley Scott's Moses film and Aronofsky's gnostic Noah film).Side note: The soundtrack for this film is on another level. If you like lots of percussion and vocals in your epic soundtracks, try checking it out. Even if you don't intend to watch the movie.
8 Director Mel Gibson brings the last day of Jesus (Jim Caviezel) to the screen. It is after the last supper and Judas betrays Jesus to the authorities for 30 pieces of silver. Jesus is arrested, beaten, convicted of blasphemy and sentenced to death. Roman Governor Pontius Pilate sends him to King Herod. Herod sees Jesus as a fool and releases him back to Pilate. Fearing a revolt, Pilate offers a choice to the crowd between Jesus and Barabbas.This is a relatively literal interpretation of the passion play. Mel even uses Aramaic. It is expertly made and delivers the material. There is a vein of anti-semitic bend while Pilate is excused with more humanity. I don't think the film can force modern values on the 2000 year old text. For true believers, this is heaven. Every whip mark is felt. For non-believers, this is a good representation of the text.
10 I've seen a lot o people talking trash about this movie - even a lot of christians -, and I find it hard to understand why. Philosopher Peter Kreeft called it the "most beautiful movie ever made", and when I think about it in the light of the Christian faith, it's hard to disagree.First of all, passion means suffering, and for all those people that complain about the violence in the movie, I think it's because they don't get Christ's Passion at all. The emphasis on violence is fundamental, as it's what reveals how much God suffered because of what I did. So I, the spectator, am experiencing with all my emotions what I can only imagine and reflect about when reading the Gospels. And I'm not the kind of person that reads about Jesus crucified and direct relates it to all the bad things I did to contribute to that moment, and even when I do, it's more like in a lucid, almost indifferent way, while the movie forces me to feel the burden that I've put on My Lord's shoulder.This is of course from my Christian perspective, and I wouldn't even try to talk about what's great in the movie from a secular perspective. The lens through which one watches it it's what define its greatness. And that lens is faith. So I really don't think it's a big deal if an atheist doesn't like it; but if a catholic doesn't like it I'll be confused.The way Jim Caviezel plays Jesus is so powerful. He seems very humble, very vulnerable, very soft, yet very strong and confident. When he talks to the people, you feel so much goodness in his tone; when he is accused of blasphemy you can feel his innocence even if nothing is spoken. When he is carrying the cross and falls, Mary runs to him and it's such a symbolic scene of how much she loves her Son, and how much she wants His suffering to end, even though she accepts the will of God.Mel Gibson did a great job with all the symbolism in the movie: Mary's obedience; Judas' desperation; all the people shocked by Jesus' mere presence. There's so much of it, and it feels so natural.I can only assume that christians that don't like The Passion of the Christ are those that didn't actually take their time to think about the Passion of Christ. The movie is a chance to do so. It's ugly and repulsive? Yes, but only for a moment. When you realize that it captures the essence of God's love for humanity, it becomes eternally beautiful. Jesus didn't have to do that. He did because of me, because of you; because He is the good shepherd that lays his life for the sheep.So what if the reality of the Passion is full of gore and tears and injustice? We are the cause of that, and sometimes we better realize it by having it thrown on our faces, however hurt we may end up feeling. Just remember that our pain is nothing compared to our Lord's pain. I can only speak for myself when I say that my love for my Savior is very small; but I know very well that He loves me with a heart that is ready to bleed without hesitation, even though I'm not worth it.
10 To depict an entire two hour movie about the end of Jesus life takes tons of focus and care.I appreciate those who made this and that some of the exact verses from the Gospels and Old Testament spoken by Jesus and other prophets made it into the script of the movie.I cried watching this. As my pastor once said, "Our deprivity is shown in our inability to weep at our salvation."O Lord. Jesus. Savior. Thank you.
10 Oscar winning "Braveheart" director Mel Gibson sets a whole new standard for Biblical epics in "The Passion of the Christ," an inspiringly original but incredibly visceral account of the final 12 hours in the life of Jesus of Nazareth between his arrest in Gethsemane and his crucifixion at Golgotha. Everything everybody's told you about this two hour & six minute, sincerely-made, moodily filmed, but sadomasochistic saga rings true. However, "The Passion" does NOT qualify as remotely anti-Semitic. Sure, it is blatantly Anti-Pharisee, but not anti-Semitic. Anybody who calls "The Passion" anti-Semitic is naïve beyond belief. The anti-Semitism accusation is so general as to be inconsequential. You can condemn the actions of a handful of men (in this case the self-righteous Pharisees), but you cannot condemn an entire race of people (in this case the Jew) for the actions of a heinous few. Indeed, several Jewish characters in "The Passion" come to Jesus' aid. Labeling "The Passion" as anti-Semitic is as ludicrous as describing The Bible as anti-Semitic. Were these sentiments not sufficient, the central message of Gibson's "Passion" pleads for the audience to forgive your enemies.The violence registers off the Richter scale. The torture scene where the Roman soldiers compete to inflict the most damage on the Son of God gives new meaning to gratuitous violence. Okay, isn't violence in any form gratuitous? In this instance, gratuitous violence suits the situation, because the torture and crucifixion of Jesus were about as gratuitous as violence can get. Nevertheless, chances are you may not survive this torture scene, especially if you haven't seen a gory R-rated movie. The graphic crucifixion scene reminds us of the heartless savagery of public executions in New Testament times, too. Gibson must have spilled several gallons of Karo syrup mixed with red food coloring for this scene as well as the 45-minute flogging scene to emphasize the violence as it has never been stressed before in spectacles like "King of Kings" (1961) and "The Greatest Story Ever Told" (1965). Perhaps the only movie to rival Gibson's "Passion" for its documentary realism is the obscure 1966 Italian art film "The Gospel According to St. Matthew" that portrays Jesus as an activist.The largely unknown cast adds to the authenticity. Actor Jim Caviezel's exploits as the cinematic Jesus have been well-documented in the news media. Indeed, he took an accidental lashing during the scourging scene and nearly passed out from the impact. Later, lightning struck him on the cross. Happily, throughout "The Passion," Caviezel delivers a nuanced performance that never overshadows his messiah character. Unlike most Jesus movies, "The Passion" gives us a Christ who looks and behaves as an ordinary individual. This Jesus isn't a blond, blue-eyed loafer with shaven armpits in an immaculate white robe. Gibson shows Jesus the carpenter finishing up a table. When his mother Mary (Romanian actress Maia Morgenstern) brings him a bowl of water, he splashes it on her in an example of a playful mother a son relationship. This unusual scene of Jesus clowning is a welcome relief from those sanitized and solemn depictions of Christ as a man with no sense of humor. Earlier, Caviezel gives us a glimpse of Jesus' humanity in Gethsemane when he chides his drowsy disciples for failing to stay awake. At the same time, this Jesus is no weakling. During his first encounter with Satan, Jesus stomps the Devil's snake into the ground and gives Lucifer a dirty look. By the end of "The Passion," Caviezel doesn't have to act and looks virtually unrecognizable under all the blood, gore, and crown of thorns. Aside from Caviezel, whose acting credits include "Angel Eyes," "Frequency," and "The Thin Red Line," Gibson wisely cast no-name actors. As Mary Magdalene, a tastefully subdued Monica Bellucci of "The Matrix Reloaded" is the only other big-name Hollywood refugee. Hristo Shopov takes top honors for his thoughtful performance as the conflicted Pontius Pilate, while Italian actress Rosalinda Celentano of "The Other" makes a creepy, androgynous Satan. She is enough to send a shiver up or down your spine. Collectively, however, the actors who impersonate the sadistic Roman soldiers give the movie its gut-wrenching quality with their savage shenanigans, especially when they flip the cross over to beat the protruding nails sideways. These guys give new meaning to evil!Loosely based on the Synoptic New Testament gospels as well as the book of John along with the Catholic Church's 14 Stations of the Cross, "The Passion" champions celluloid realism, but falls short of strict theological authenticity. Reportedly, Gibson also relied on the visions of two nuns: the 17th century Mary of Agreda and the 18th century Anne Catherine Emmerich. What "Saving Private Ryan" did for W.W. II movies; what "Pulp Fiction" did for crime movies, what "Star Wars" did for science fiction movies, "The Passion" does for Biblical epics. When the actors speak, they utter their lines in either Latin or Aramaic to give this chronicle a convincing sense of historicity. Don't worry, the subtitles are easily read. Ironically, for a movie about Christ, "The Passion" doesn't preach as much as you might expect. Instead, Gibson lets the visuals tell the story. He intersperses several flashbacks throughout, such as the Sermon on the Mount and the Last Supper, but "The Passion" focuses largely on the agony of Christ. If you watch movies for recreation, "The Passion" may be more than you counted on seeing. If your faith drives you to watch "The Passion," you may find yourself sorely tested, particular when those Roman soldier wield their scourges. Whether you're saved or secular, "The Passion" remains a seminal movie for our times. Despite some minor technical flaws which you may miss because you're caught up in the action, "The Passion of the Christ" emerges as a cinematic revelation.
9 This film is neither preachy nor pedantic, and was a welcome surprise for me. As a non-Christian who nevertheless respects the historical figure of Jesus Christ and the beauty of his philosophy and teachings, I found The Passion to be a powerful portrayal of much that I think is worthwhile about the Christ story. I know the film has been maligned for anti-semitic content (perhaps because Jews make mistakes in the film and are seen as persecutors instead of victims? - it could have been anybody!), and for various other problems - but let's face it - any movie portraying this subject was bound to face strong reactions. And kudos to Mel Gibson for not shying away from the subject by creating a sterile, gutless, Disney story out of what really was a good example of the everyday horror of life on the fringes of the Roman empire. Gibson invents a new genre with The Passion - that of historical horror. The performances in this film are inspired. I felt that the film brought out the cowardice of the apostles very forcefully, and the courage and love of the two Maries in Jesus' life was palpable to the very end. The effect of Aramaic and Latin, with the moody soundtrack, was spellbinding. Again kudos to Mel Gibson for his courage and artistic integrity on the decisions involved in these elements of the film.Final word - this is not a film for the whole family nor is it a feel-good film. Don't see it if you're not willing to confront the worst aspects of human nature up close. And don't go in looking for your own version of the story - it's not your film! This is what Mr. Gibson believes, and it's his own revelation, not necessarily to be shared by all.
10 Today is February 25th, 2022. 18 years ago today, The Passion of the Christ was released in theaters. I was 5 when it came out. My parents went to the theater to see it, and left my sister and myself with a babysitter while they were gone. When they returned, I asked them if I could see it when it came to DVD, to which they, in unison, responded: "NO!"I was shocked. Growing up in a very devout Christian home, I was a bit stunned to be FORBIDDEN from seeing a movie about Jesus. Later I would find out it was Rated R, but how could a movie about Jesus be Rated R?I would ask others about the movie and hear about how violent it could get, but I never got to see it until I lived with my Grandma when I was 14. And even then, she warned me more than once that it was very intense.And it indeed is. The Passion of the Christ is a visualization of the last 12 hours of Jesus's life on Earth- and chronicles how rough His crucifixion was. I've heard complaints before that the movie focuses too much on Christ's suffering and not as much as His teachings. This complaint seems rather silly, though.When we say "passion", we tend to mean, for instance, how I have a passion for movies. However, the word "passion" has a Latin origin meaning "to suffer." The title The Passion of the Christ literally means "The Suffering of Christ". The title gives away the film's plot and it's purpose.The movie's portrayal of Jesus's suffering IS very intense. Again, it earned the movie an R Rating, something very few faith based movies get. In fact, many Christians will avoid R Rated movies, except for this one.One example of how graphic the violence gets is in the whipping scene, the most gruesome scene in the film. Pilate condemns Jesus to a severe flogging before sentencing Him to crucifixion. Some Roman soldiers handcuff him to a pole and spend 3 minutes flogging His body with a whip.Afterwards, they get bored of this and grab a cat-o-nine tail, a whip with 9 HOOKS at the end. For the remainder of the prolonged scene, we see the hooks skin Jesus alive- first on his back, and then on his stomach and face. Finally, a Roman soldier sees this and stops it.It's undoubtedly a hard scene to watch, and is sure to bring tears and disgust. Non-Christians may watch it and think it's just mindless violence. But believers will understand the point director Mel Gibson is making, that Jesus suffered this much for our sins.This point can be seen clearly with the verse that opens the film, Isaiah 53:5: "He was wounded for our iniquities, He was crushed for our sins, and by His wounds we are healed."To those who think the movie goes overboard with the violence, I suggest looking up Isaiah 52:14, which in paraphrase predicts that Jesus's face on the cross would be marred beyond recognition. We can still recognize the face of actor Jim Caviezel by the end of the film, so the actual crucifixion of Jesus would have been much, much worse then what is shown in 2 hours here.My reaction to this film the first time was quite strong. I don't cry at many movies, but this made me cry the hardest the first time. Now, some movies are harder for me to watch now- Grave of the Fireflies, Saving Private Ryan, The Green Mile, Letters To God, to name a few. But seeing this for the first time 8 years ago, I had a much stronger understanding of how much Jesus endured for us. It did make me feel guilt, but I was also uplifted at this revelation.Now, with this film I should address the elephant in the room- the controversy behind the anti-semetic remarks of Mel Gibson. When the film was about to release, there were accusations of Jewish hatred seeping throughout the motion picture.I personally think that's silly due to one factor- Jesus Himself was Jewish. If this movie has a message of hating Jews, then this movie is asking you to hate Jesus, when few Bible movies have made me love Him more.That said, the film does focus on Pharisees following Jesus very closely and laughing at his misfortune. However, many Jews are seen in a positive light apart from Jesus- such as The Mother Mary, Mary Magdelene, Apostles like John and Peter (save for his 3 denials), and a woman who offers water and a cloth to a bloody, parched Jesus.Setting aside Gibson's (inexcusable) drunken rant 2 years later, there is nothing in this 126 minute film that would make one hate Jews. The movie is simply chroncling Jesus's act of love by God becoming man to die for mankind's sins.I complain often of "Bible" movies that stray Scripturally and theologically from The Bible, like Noah and Exodus: Gods and Kings. While Passion does take some liberties, such as Satan tempting Jesus numerous times to renounce who He is to save Himself from torture, the film does stick very closely to the Gospel accounts of the Crucifixion, and many quotes come straight from The Gospels. This helps the film's power even more.While The Passion of the Christ is a very hard movie to watch, it is a movie everyone should see at least once. Due to my love for it, I have actually seen it around 16 times in 8 years, although I've gone a couple years without seeing it.You don't have to think it's perfect or a film to see twice, but it should be seen as a deeper understanding of Jesus's purpose on Earth in the Christian faith. The Passion of the Christ is one of the best Biblical movies ever made, and a great cinematic portrayal of God's love.
10 The Passion of the Christ (2004): Dir: Mel Gibson / Cast: Jim Caviezel, Maia Morgenstern, Monica Bellucci, Francesco De Vito, Hristo Shopov: Powerful portrayal of the final twelve hours in the life of Jesus Christ before his crucifixion. It opens with Christ's arrest followed by Peter's denial. Then there is the betrayal and suicide of Judas. We witness Pilate torn between pleasing his people and sentencing an innocent. We witness the sorrow as Mary can only stand by in agony as he is nailed to a cross. Then there is the controversial violence regarding severe beatings as Roman soldiers bloody Jesus to the point where he can barely carry his own cross. Ultimately we witness the resurrection! Fantastic directing by Mel Gibson with exquisite art direction and special effects. This is a triumphant followup to his Oscar winning work in Braveheart. Jim Caviezel brings out the anguish and love of Jesus who moves forward willingly knowing that mankind depends on his sacrifice. Maia Morgenstern as Mary is a mother who can only watch and reflect. Monica Bellucci plays the woman caught in adultery and whom Jesus saves from being stoned by accusers. Francesco De Vito plays Peter who means well but falls short when predicted as such. Hristo Shopov plays the conflicted Pontius Pilate put in position of deciding the fate of Jesus. The result is a symbolic and passionate masterpiece. Score: 10 / 10
10 A lot of critics I have heard disliked or even dismissed this movie.  They seemed to think that the movie should have focused on Christ's ministry and his teachings, and not on the crucifixion and the events leading up to it. These critics miss the point of this movie.  As with all movies, The Passion was directed at a target audience, in this case Christians.  The point of the movie was simply this: to make Christians understand, in a visceral way, what they knew intellectually from reading the bible: that Christ endured a horrible and brutal death in order to save us from our sins.  It was completely successful in this, and was, perhaps, the most powerful movie I have ever seen.
10 Out of all the movies based on Jesus Christ this has to be the more powerful movie yet. You can actually feel his pain and what he went through. It's a good movie but yet so sad to watch. Other than that I think Mel should of did a other version but with English language for those that can not see or have trouble of reading.
9 The film centers about the Passion of Christ for twelve Hours That Changed the World . The movie, behind the greatest event in the history of the world. Dealing with one man changed the world forever. It is very strong ,the punishment is breathtaking . It begins in the garden of Getsemani where he's betrayed by Judas Iscariot in exchange of thirty coins.He's led to governor Poncio Pilatos, but he washes his hands. Jesus Christ is condemned to die . Then the passion goes on : knocks, punches ,lashes, the blood drills along his skin. The experience of Christ suffering is overblown. He must carry the cross over his shoulders, but he's helped by Simon. He's crucified in the Golgota hill and there suffers new tortures. By his wounds, we were healed and Jesus gave his life for us .The picture is very well played by James Cazievel as Jesus , Mia Morgenstein as Virgin Mary , Lionello as Judas and and Monica Belucci as Mary Magdalene . It packs a colorful and evocative cinematography by Caleb Deschanel . As well as a sensitive and exciting musical score by John Debney . The movie was stunningly directed by Mel Gibson who formerly made another great epic : Braveheart . Rating : 8.5/10 , above average . Well worth watching . Essential and indispensable seeing .Jesus life has been adapted several times , such as : ¨King of Kings¨ (released in 1927) , it is the yardstick by which all Jesus movies are to be measure , being first silent version by Cecil B. DeMille with H. B. Wagner Christ . Other pictures dealing with his divine presence are the following ones :¨King of Kings¨(1961) by Nicholas Ray with Jeffrey Hunter , Robert Ryan , Ron Randel , Hurd Hatfield , Rip Torn , Frank Thring , Carmen Sevilla ; ¨The Greatest Story Ever Told¨(1965) by George Stevens with Max Von Sidow , Michael Anderson Jr , Carroll Baker, Ina Balin, Pat Boone, Jose Ferrer , Angela Lansbury , Victor Buono, Richard Conte ; ¨Gospel according to Matthew¨ by Pier Paolo Pasolini with Enrique Irazoqui as Jesus ; ¨Jesus Christ Superstar¨(1977) by Norman Jewison with Ted Neeley and Carl Anderson ; ¨Jesus de Nazareth¨(1977) by Franco Zeffirelli with Robert Powell , Olivia Hussey , James Mason , Laurence Olivier , Anne Brancfort , Fernando Rey ; ¨Jesus¨ (1976) by Peter Sykes , John Krish with Brian Deacon ; ¨Last temptation of Christ¨ by Martin Scorsese with Willem Dafoe , David Bowie , Harvey Keitel , Ian Holm , Harry Dean Staton , among others .
10 To this day, the most powerful and emotional, moving movie I have ever seen. Raised a Catholic, I realized that this movie was basically everything I expected it to be. My eyes were so swollen from the crying and tears I shed. I gave my life to Christ in 2011 and this movie sent one clear message - the only way to God is through Jesus. Never have I ever cried and sobbed during a movie than I did for this one because it all happened and One Man endured all that viciousness, torture, pain and death for all of our sins. I applaud Mel Gibson on this film, the cast and the crew for giving us this once in a lifetime movie!
10 The Passion of the Christ is an undeniably moving and emotionally galvanizing experience and will indelibly stay in your conscience long after the credits roll. It is now 3 years later, and I saw the film once in the theaters, and I remember it like I saw it yesterday. And this is coming from someone who still hasn't made up his mind about religion. This is a one of a kind film that will affect you as long as you have a pulse. For those jaded enough to just view the film as anti-Semitic or just plain hooey, then perhaps I will stipulate that you will find something wrong with it. But for anyone who at least has a humanitarian side to them, this movie will get inside you and never leave.Mel Gibson has lost much of his credibility when he got drunk one night and went off on Jews. This rant painted him as a hypocrite and that is very unfortunate because this film is one that at least has something to say. If nothing else, it shows us that humanity hasn't changed in 2000 years. We are still as violent as we ever were. We still don't value a human life anymore than we did when Jesus ostensibly walked the Earth. Christ apparently died for our sins and if you believe in this, if you accept the fact that Jesus got tortured more than any living thing should be, then you have to understand that this was done so that we could have our sins wiped away when entering the Kingdom. But it was also done, if you believe in Christianity and/or Catholicism, so that we could become better people. Why else would God allow his only begotten son to succumb to such despicable and inhumane treatment? One would hope that it is to better humanity, not make it worse. Although I didn't live in Biblical times, I can only assume that times are not any better now than it was then. Torture is still prevalent in myriad of countries, and even condoned by the U.S president himself...the most powerful man in the world. Famine is at an all time high and while the rich countries like the one I live in do little to help wipe it out, there are starving people even on our street corners. Altruism is a word that most people don't know how to spell let alone practice. Greed is everywhere and the opulence that is provided by the very Earth we live on is being destroyed and pillaged by those that should be thanking their lucky stars that we have this great place to live in.What does this all mean? Does this have anything to do with the movie? Of course it does. As I said, if anything this film appeals to the humanitarian in all of us. I don't know how I feel about God, Jesus, John 3:16 and The Bible and so on. But even though I am ambivalent to all of this, I still have emotions and I do respect a human life. And if a man, deity or human, was actually treated this way by a society that existed 2000 years ago or 10 days ago, it is bothersome. If there was a man named Jesus Christ that existed and taught us to be altruistic and benevolent and peaceful, he would be disgusted to see how we all turned out. The Passion of the Christ is about that man. It doesn't matter if he was a God, a spirit or the flesh and blood, this is a film about the power belief. But it is also about the power of corruption and corruption of power. And power can be absolutely corrupting and this is what has turned our world into a cesspool of the rich and dangerous. Because when you watch the film, the fear of this man, the fear of what he represented is what scared everyone.The Passion of the Christ is a masterpiece of film making. I believe it wasn't nominated for anything because the donkeys that run Hollywood are powerfully corrupt as well and there are plenty of powerful figures who just don't agree with the supposed message and supposed anti-semitism. I don't really think Mel cares too much what the rest of Hollywood thinks of him as this film apparently netted him more than 300 million dollars as he funded the film by himself. I say good for him. It's a shame alcohol makes you say such asinine things because Mel damaged his reputation beyond repair when he did so, but that shouldn't take away from the brilliance of this film. James Caviezel is a miracle as the Christ figure. Speaking in an entirely different language he conveys the passion, the fear, the emotion and the spirit of Jesus Christ. I can't imagine another actor playing this part.The Passion of the Christ is one of the most moving motion pictures of all time. It brought me to tears. Tears of anger, tears of sorrow and tears for fear. As I said, this is coming from someone who sits on the fence when it comes to religion. If you are a Christian or a practicing Catholic, this film will move you like no other.10/10 Love it or hate it for what it says, you cannot deny how it will make you feel.
10 My annual Good Friday tradition since its release on 2/25/2004.The best example I've ever seen of a movie that feels like art in motion...bringing to life beautiful paintings of Christ's Passion before the eyes of the viewer to create the most intense and deeply affecting look at the essence of Christ's redemptive sacrifice that anyone has been able to experience within the past two thousand years...far surpassing any other film, live performance, or any other artistic expression on the subject matter.Definitely the single most powerful and important film of my lifetime that should be seen both by believers and by those that value the artistic side of cinema. Every shot in this film makes you feel like you're inside of a renaissance painting (inspired by the likes of Caravaggio and Michelangelo).In addition to being the first movie to give a raw look at the degree to which Christ suffered for humanity that was not overly sanitized, this also conveys the idea of spiritual welfare as poignantly as I've ever seen on film...drawing Biblical allusions to Genesis and Satan's temptation of Christ to add crucial thematic context from the very beginning...and this is quite possibly the best movie at showing the humanity of Christ without diminishing His divinity, depicting a beautiful mother & son relationship that anyone can relate to.It also offers insight into the heated political climate between the Romans and the Jewish Sanhedrin at the time, with one of the most thought provoking looks at the moral dilemma of Pontius Pilate when Jesus is brought to him for sentencing.The directing, editing, acting, Middle Eastern inspired music score, cinematography, production design, visual/prosthetic effects, authentic languages from the era, etc... give this movie as much attention to detail as you could ever hope to see/hear onscreen to create an unforgettable emotional and visceral experience (as well as a spiritual one, for those of us open to its message).A medieval Passion play in the form of a masterfully crafted, unparalleled cinematic achievement unlike anything modern viewers have ever been able to experience before...culminated by arguably the most Biblically accurate and powerful depiction of Christ's Resurrection to date...which may be the single most uplifting, awe inspiring final shot in the history of cinema."Surely He took up our pain and bore our suffering,
yet we considered Him punished by God, stricken by Him, and afflicted.But He was pierced for our transgressions, He was crushed for our iniquities; the punishment that brought us peace was on Him, and by His wounds we are healed.We all, like sheep, have gone astray, each of us has turned to our own way; and the Lord has laid on Him the iniquity of us all."
Isaiah 53:4-6 (NIV)"He committed no sin, and no deceit was found in his mouth."When they hurled their insults at Him, He did not retaliate; when He suffered, He made no threats. Instead, He entrusted Himself to Him who judges justly."He Himself bore our sins" in His body on the cross, so that we might die to sins and live for righteousness; "by His wounds you have been healed."For "you were like sheep going astray," but now you have returned to the Shepherd and Overseer of your souls.
1 Peter 2:22-25 (NIV)
10 I have only been able to watch this film twice; it's extremely hard to get through the violence. It's not the type of violence you see in horror films, but the most realistic of human suffering. As a person of faith, it is difficult to imagine anyone going through Jesus' ordeal. I was really surprised that this was a Mel Gibson project (however I did really enjoy Apocalypto). Jim Caviezel's performance was superb; I loved his portrayal of Jesus. You cannot get through this film without a box of Kleenex; I never can and that's why I have only seen it twice. It's definitely not a film for children and I wouldn't allow them to watch it until a more appropriate age because of the disturbing content. However, I highly recommend this film even if you are not into religious films; I think the story is compelling in it's self.
10 You may have an experience like this in a movie theater, once in a lifetime. I haven't been able to take those images out of my mind. What an incredible achievement. It works in so many different levels that it would be impossible to list them. It touched me in a way no film has done before. It provoked such degree of hatred around my neck of the woods, that it goes to prove how the devil reacts to holy water. Most people I spoke to in Los Angeles had made up their minds about the film before actually seeing it. What's that all about? At the end of the day Mel Gibson had the last laugh or the right to have it, although I don't believe that he is laughing. He seems to be unafraid, fueled by his faith and convictions, a man of his word. That in itself must confuse the hell out of Hollywood. All religious considerations to one side this is an artistic masterpiece. You may agree or disagree, but why not to make up your own mind?
10 All aspects of this film, "The Passion of the Christ" are excellent. The technical values, shooting and film quality, costume and makeup, screenplay and directing, cast and crew are outstanding. For a film with relatively few lines for its length, the quality of acting is even more important. The leads are all exceptional – Jim Caviezel as Jesus, Maia Morgenstern as Mary, and Monica Belluci as Magdalen. The roles of the Apostles, Pontius Pilate, his wife, the high priest, and Herod are all very good. For a real take on the quality of casting and directing, look at some of the lesser roles – the Roman soldiers, for instance. One scene shows the excellence of several men in their roles as soldiers. During the scourging of Jesus, two soldiers begin with reeds for whips. They stand behind Jesus on either side, and alternate their strikes. After so many lashes, Jesus is weakened and falls to his knees. The two soldiers stop, exhausted. One is bent over, hands on his knees, gasping for air. The other, breathing heavily, wipes saliva from his mouth. They, and others standing around them have looks that may be empathy for the beaten figure of the man before them. But then, Jesus struggles to his feet, his hands shaking and writhing in pain as he pulls himself up off the ground. Now we see a marked change in the soldiers. They have looks of scorn at this prisoner's defiance of their beating. We can see – almost to the point of imagining the feelings ourselves – the anger welling up within them. Now they have looks of contempt, bitterness, and hatred toward this beaten man who has withstood their beating. So, now they take to the horrendous and brutal weapons of flogging. Now they will teach him a lesson. There will be no mercy for this man.No movie before has shown the depth and detail as has this film of the last 12 hours in the life of Jesus Christ. To some, it's too brutal and gory to watch. And, it's certainly not for young children. But for those who want to learn about and better understand the Gospel accounts of the last half day of Jesus Christ on earth, "The Passion of the Christ" is an excellent portrayal. Mel Gibson produced, directed and co-wrote the screenplay for the film. He relied on a book, "The Dolorous Passion of Our Lord Jesus Christ," to fill in many details of the Gospel accounts. The book was edited by author and poet Clemens Brentano, and based on his interviews of a mystic, Anne Catherine Emmerich. She was a nun who lived from 1774 to 1824, in a convent in Germany. She spent the last years of her life bedridden. She had spiritual ecstasies, including visions of the life and death of Jesus. She later bore the physical marks and pains of the stigmata on her body. These were examined by church officials and later by secular medical experts, all of whom confirmed the wounds as authentic and unexplainable. History books and encyclopedias attest to the type of scourging depicted in the film. A number of scientific and medical books about scourging and crucifixion have been published in the past few decades. One of the best is a book by Dr. Frederick T. Zugibe, 1929-2013. The former chief medical examiner of Rockland County, NY (1969-2000), was one of the most prominent forensic experts in the U.S. His "The Crucifixion of Jesus: A Forensic Inquiry" was written after decades of research and updated in 2005. Another, with more historical details, is "A Doctor at Calvary," by Pierre Barbet, M.D., 1953. Gibson and company took extra steps to add to the accuracy and reality of time and place. The movie was made in the languages spoken in Jerusalem 2,000 years ago – Aramaic, Hebrew and Latin. It also has English subtitles. Lengthy research went into the dress and customs of the time. Experts advised the crew on language, the culture, and other details during the filming.The film received three Oscar nominations, for cinematography, costumes and makeup. There were some other very good movies in 2004, but consider those that won Oscars in these categories. Cinematography and costume went to "The Aviator," and makeup went to Lemony Snicket's a Series of Unfortunate Events. "Passion" wasn't nominated for directing or editing, but consider this film against those Oscar winners, "Million Dollar Baby" and "The Aviator," respectively. Many extraordinary things happened in connection with the making of "The Passion of the Christ." Viewers will see a strange name in the credits for the film at the end. Jan "Lightning Boy" Michelini, was a young assistant director for the film. He was struck directly by bolts of lightning two times – a year apart, during outdoor filming for the movie. The second time the lightning also flashed to Jim Caviezel who was standing near him. Jan had been holding umbrellas over crew members when it began to rain each time. The lightning burned the umbrellas and passed through him into the ground without hurting him. He had burn marks on his fingers but was OK otherwise. Caviezel also was unharmed. When was the last time you knew of someone who was struck directly by lightning and survived alive, and unharmed?"The Passion of the Christ" is a film like no other. It's surely the best Bible movie ever made. To hundreds of millions of Christians around the world, it is one of the greatest love stories ever made into a movie. And to movie buffs everywhere, it has to be considered among the best acting, historical and technical films ever made. For more details on the making of the movie, see the 2005 book, "Inside the Passion," by John Bartunek.
10 Truth is cruel sometimes. Also truth, finally shines, whatever anyone does to hide it.
10 The Passion of the Christ is nearing 3000 user reviews, which says much about the impact of this moving film. Yes, we all know what happened as recorded in God's Word, with Mel Gibson displaying courage to get this film made. All credit that he didn't succumb to studio execs to dub it in English. The authenticity is impressive, and you can feel the pain Jesus Christ (Jim Caviezel, a devout Catholic) endured on the path to the cross for our sins. The resurrection scene is a master of filmmaking.
10 Gibson's controversial film is about one night different from every other It is profound, beyond words It illustrates what supposedly took place James Caviezel has little opportunity to show Jesus' spiritual charisma His deep eyes movingly convey the anguish and pain of a man forced to drag his heavy cross through the narrow streets of Jerusalem to a place outside the city's walls... Caviezel is especially effective in the flashback sequences that show him preaching to his followers, and it's easy enough to wish that Gibson had included more of these precious moments Maia Morgenstern's Mary is heartbreaking as the mother of Jesus who recalls a poignant moment from Jesus' childhood This beautiful Jewish Romanian actress comes across as a woman of incredible courage and caring She is present at nearly every event after her son's arrest She has little, if any, dialog Instead she uses her body language and her eyes to convey her bleeding love at seeing her beloved son in excruciating pain Her grief-stricken image at the foot of the cross with Jesus' blood on her face made the roughest, most anguished viewing of the whole film Monica Bellucci gives a quiet, yet forceful, performance as Mary Magdalene, the ever-grateful woman who is saved from a stoning to death Mattia Sbragia is convincing as the hateful, vengeful face, Caiphas, and Rosalinda Celentano puts a frightening depiction of the devil, which tries to sway Jesus from his destiny With realistic costumes and makeup, stunning cinematography, Gibson's film embodies the spirit of Baroque art in Italy Its dramatic images reveal to everyone how much the Romans rule over Palestine was based on brute force alone
10 The second the movie was over, I was dumbstruck, and I wasn't the only one. When the movie ended I thought there would be a big round of applause but when I turned around I saw that about half the audience was still in their seats. I looked at a couple of people, some were speachless and most were crying. Nonetheless I didn't hear a word. When I thought about it, i realized an applause would have been ridiculous.When someone asked me how the movie was I was going to say it was amazing, but that wouldn't have done the movie justice. The movie was an extremely moving, emotional experience.The cast was absolutely flawless, Jim Caviezel gave a powerful performance as Jesus, Maia Morgenstern as Mary brought me to tears, and even though Monica Bellucci spoke only a few lines, her performance and beauty astonished me. The score was incredible. It had a middle-eastern feel to it, and was timeless and beautiful.Most aspects of the movie were perfect to me. Instead of a squeaky clean version of the life of Jesus it was a realistic and heartbreaking portrayal of his final hours. The Aramaic, Latin and Hebrew languages, and wonderful cinematography made you really feel like you were in first century Jerusalem. The flashbacks truly had an emotional impact on me.While watching this movie I forgot about everything else in the world. Mel Gibson did an incredible job as a director and he truly was brave for taking on this project despite all the controversy.As for the two main concerns of most people, the ultra-violence, and the alleged anti-semetism these are my views on the two.Everything people are saying about the violence is true. It is brutal, gory, and quite possibly the most violent work in cinematic history. This R-Rating is very well justified and an NC-17 would have made sense. If you are the type of person that cannot bear violence, this is definately not the movie for you. Some scenes of torture last about 10 minutes when you feel you've seen enough after 30 seconds. But, the violence I feel was absolutely necessary. The movie is about the suffering/passion of Jesus, and turning the camera away would not have an impact on you. The movie shows what Jesus actually went through for all of mankind's sins (according to Christianity). Mel Gibson did not exagerate the violence or make it look like horror movie or Kill Bill violence. As Jay Leno said on his show the other night, when Jesus was hit it felt like WE were being hit as opposed to other violent movies were you feel like YOU are the one hitting the person. I don't think anyone can say that every single hit upon Jesus didn't affect him/her somehow.As for the anti-semetism in the movie, I didn't find it was as bad as everyone is making it out to be. The thing that made me see why people were criticizing Mel Gibson for was that instead of spreading the blame somewhat on the Jewish high priests (Sanhedrin) and mostly on Pilate, 99% of the blame was put on the Sanhedrin, which seemed false to me considering that historically it is known that Pilate was a vicious monster, and in the movie he seems like a gentle person and reluctant to crucify Jesus. I simply didn't buy the fact that Pilate would be so nice. The movie can be considered anti-first-century-Romans, and anti-Sanhedrin, but I did not feel the movie was attacking the Jewish religion, or the entire Jewish people. But the movie is not anti-semitic for these reasons: 1. It is made evident that it was Jesus' prophecy and destiny is to die. He could probably have escaped from Gethsemane or even the cross (if he truly had ''powers''). He was born to die, and there is no blame to be placed on anyone. If anything, the Romans of that time are portrayed horribly (though realistically), and they are the ones that made him suffer tremendously before his death. 2. Basically all the ''Good Guys'' in the movie are Jewish. Jesus himself was a Jew, Mary was, The man that helped Jesus carry the cross was Jewish, Veronica the woman that brought Jesus water and wiped his face was, and many Jews were screaming in the crowd against the torture and crucifixion of Jesus. (Personally, I don't know why Pilate was portrayed so nicely. It's not like the Jews had the ultimate power. It was ultimately HIS decision to have Jesus crucified.)An aspect of the film that intrigued me was the character of Satan, and the demons in the movie. When I first found out Satan was in the movie, I was scared it would be a red man with horns and a pitchfork, but he/she is portrayed subtly. Everything about him/her was very Eerie.Mel Gibson deserves a lot of respect for making this film. He made the movie the way HE thought it was and though most historians or even religious figures would not agree completely to what happened, it is a general idea as to what those final hours were. When reading the new testament or hearing the story of Jesus, it's hard to understand what it was actually like for Jesus to go through all that pain, and what it was like for Mary to watch her son get tortured and crucified. The movie really put things in perspective for me.Some people are criticizing him for adding things never written in the gospels such as demons harassing Judas Iscariot, most scenes with Satan, and the torture from Gethsemene to the Jewish court, but he had to fill the blanks in the Gospels with what he thought might have happened.
In conclusion, not everyone will like this movie. Some will love it, and some will hate it. But, I think that if you can endure the extreme violence and torture you should at least see it before you judge it. My opinion: 10/10
7 I can't believe I didn't write a review after seeing this, but I must have incorrectly presumed I did. With so many other reviewers by now, I'll make my points as brief as possible. GOOD - Kudos for someone finally presenting an accurate account of Christ's sufferings, as gruesome and horrible as they were, although, if you read the Gospel accounts in the Bible, it was even worse than shown on this film. Jesus' face was beaten to a pulp and "unrecognizable" so keep that in mind if you think the film overdid the beatings. However, the overall effect is that there isn't anything sanitized in this film; it's an according-to-the-Book account and after you see this on film, it shakes you up.I heard that people were so stunned they couldn't speak for about a half hour after coming out of the theaters. I thought that was probably exaggerated, but it wasn't. I felt the same way, just stunned at what I had witnessed. As a Believer, it was something I needed to see to remind me of what this God-in the flesh human voluntarily went through. For non-Believers, scoffers or whatever, I don't know what your reaction was to the film but for me, it was a humbling, sobering experience.THE BAD - The unrelenting brutality against Jesus the last three-quarters of this film is so bad that, frankly, I would hesitate before ever watching this again. One viewing is enough. I am amazed so many people sat through this, including Christians. I wish director/producer Mel Gibson had shown more of Christ's resurrection instead of centering 99 percent of this movie on his suffering, although I understand Mel's point. However, all of Jesus' claims and sufferings are meaningless without the resurrection, so why not emphasize that instead of just tacking it on for the last minute or two? Just asking.It's a cliché, but this is a film you won't soon forget, but I would add to that, one you probably won't want to watch multiple times.
9 A very well made and directed movie about Jesus's last days. The whipping of Jesus is very intense and cruel. Some may may feel uneasy. This is a rare gem that take the viewer to look in depth for this subject.
10 I see a lot of reviews where people are "disgusted " by the violence they deem "unnecessary" in this film.But have they READ the Bible? Matthew 27, Mark 15,
Luke 22:63-65 ;23, and John 19 all clearly explain the violence that was done to Jesus. Yes it's disturbing, but isn't that the point?! Jesus came and died for us!2 Corinthians 5:21 For our sake he made him to be sin who knew no sin, so that in him we might become the righteousness of God.You can't "pretty up" the truth with glitter and butterflies to make it more palatable. The truth is the truth. Period. I think Mel Gibson did a fabulous job with this film.
10 You don't have to be religious to appreciate this film. I put off watching this movie for a long time before finally deciding to watch it without prejudice. I was surprised how easily the film took the viewer on a difficult and sometimes brutal journey through this truly impressive film experience. I have to admit I was swept away with Jim Caviezel's amazing performance, every time he appeared on screen he would be simply mesmerizing. I was completely unprepared for the brutal and realistic scenes, but I guess such cruelty was part of that time. The very description of that time and people seemed realistic and only reinforced the whole impression of this truly surprisingly fascinating film.
6 .. what happens when you put one of Hollywood's last legitimate megastars, a genuine A-lister who can carry a film all by himself if he has to, in a second-rate production with a dismal second-rate script where nothing at all happens for the first 30 minutes ... and when things finally DO happen, you almost wish they didn't. Honestly. If I want a story where shadowy figures behind the scenes sanction bad things to good people, I CAN JUST WATCH THE NEWS.
6 Chris Pine performs admirably for his part... Unfortunately, the story doesn't have much to say. Nothing about it is memorable. It seems like a script more suited to Stallone, Arnold, or Bruce Willis in their youth. Pine, you are too young for this mediocrity. Leave these kinds of scripts for the older guys. By the way, I hated the Steve Trevor of Wonder Woman 1984. That was worse than this.In conclusion, I am left with the question what was the point of this film? I think younger people might like it for the gun fights.
5 Army Ranger Sgt. James Harper (Chris Pine) is discharged from military without benefits for taking pain medicine while recovering from a knee injury. Desperate to feed his family he works for a private firm. They go to Berlin on a mission and not only discovers he is expendable, but they were counting on it.Sgt. Harper is not as slick or clever as Jason Bourne. Nor can be torture someone like Liam Neeson. The film moves along, but the Hollywood twist is predictable. Dialogue was not memorable.Guide: F-word. No sex or nudity.
3 Paint by numbers ex-military story, everything you can guess just from the movie poster. After the first 10 minutes it's straight forward, with all the required military jargon to add some authenticity to this.The plot is basic, the plot twist is obvious from the beginning of the mission and the ending is expected.I can't give away any spoilers as they are too easy to guess what happens.Overall, very limited action scenes. Chris Pine is barely ok, he has a limp then he doesn't, then he does again. Ben Foster is his usual character as well as Keifer. Everything is as it should be.Zero surprises and because it's so a-b-c I give it 3 stars, not enough action for the action genre, def not a thriller, mystery or drama. Maybe a Background Movie Genre to watch while you're distracted with your phone or doing house chores.
5 This is a decent movie with a decent story and decent action. Chris Pine gives a great performance. Unfortunately this movie is also fairly slow, fully predictable and very regular. It doesn't stand out in any way, but at the same time I didn't mind watching it. (1 viewing, 4/5/2022)
3 Chris Pine and Ben Foster produced great on screen chemistry in Hell or High Water but what they were handed here in The Contractor was a sophomoric screenplay that is not up to par. Tarik Saleh directed this bad miss like it was his first movie.It's a shame that the Pine and Foster duo starred in this DUD. Sutherland brought nothing to the table - his character was a waste of screentime and he clearly mailed it in....zero effort, zero emotion - just like a robot.
6 Aside from being nothing we haven't seen already tons of times and much better, even the great leads couldn't save this hollow, dull, slow, convoluted and plot-hole riddled writing and directing. Was this even edited? Who cares about the flashbacks or the daddy issues? None of that was needed, as there was already lots of other filler for the little substance there was, in the dragged out and slowly paced 103 min runtime. The entire story was cliched and predictable. I feel bad for Pine, Foster and Sutherland having this mess on their resumes. It's a 6/10 from me.
3 I accidentally watched The Dog, another film about a disgruntled ex-servicemen struggling with life. This is similar, but in The Contractor instead joins a shadowy outfit undertaking dodgy missions in Germany. It's not believable, on may levels. The acting was good, some decent action, but the story was just forced and unengaged. A rewatch of the first Taken would have been more satisfying.
25 March 2022 Fun fact: There are hundreds if not thousands of private, military background, "contractors" facilitating delivery of massive amounts of privately contracted weapons and other material into Poland for the fight against Russian aggression in Ukraine right now.It is always a bad sign when a studio refuses to let professional critics see a film before it is released. (The two "critics reviews" here are the same site from Portugal that just note of trailer dropping and not reviews.)
This film is just awful in every way. It is utterly inaccurate in how SOF works, and even more inaccurate when it comes to contractors. As usual Hollywood says what it wants to say, clearly with no advisors, nor anyone who knows the subject. Anyone saying this film is "Authentic" are obviously deeply ignorant themselves. Is Hollywood saying that many of the people who often protected Hillary, John Kerry or Tony Blinken when they were in conflict zones "mercenaries??" They were very often private contractors contracted by Dept of State. If you've watched Zero Dark Thirty, two of the guys killed (Wise and Parisi) and two of those injured in the Camp Chapman attack were contractors. Wise and Parisi are the ones who objected to the bomber passing though inner security without being searched.My review is spoiler free, but that is an oxymoron in this case because you have seen this film's tire plot 100 times, and if you don't guess exactly where it is going in five minutes, well I would worry.I think we all know by now that Chris Pine is one notch above Shatner in acting chops. So average at best. He is certainly weak as a lead. Ben Foster is a top shelf actor. He really accurately captured the warrior bearing and ethos in prior films, and does well here given how bad the rest of the film is.3/10: skip it.
3 Boring, predictable, insufficient action, all poorly done. There is literally not a single moment in the film that I would single out as interesting, this is an attempt at some kind of drama or I don't know what else it would be.
5 The pacing of the movie is just off. First 20mind or so nothing really happens at all, then some decent random action scenes spaced out but nothing great. Disappointing overall, just a very generic and not well done action movie. Better to just watch tv episode of swat.
7 The story was interesting, the hand-to-hand fighting was good, and the action was pretty good :-) Chris Pine played the character intensely, while all the other actors were just secondary.
4 If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free thoughts, please follow my blog to read my full review :)"The Contractor is one more generic action flick with a story borrowed directly from the formulaic Hollywood closet, without any surprises or even high entertainment levels.Chris Pine is the mandatory "famous face" chosen to (try to) elevate a plot seen countless times before, and with Ben Foster's friendly shoulder, they actually manage to carry Tarek Saleh's film for a good chunk of the runtime.However, even with a couple of captivating action sequences and occasional eyebrow-raising moments, this movie can't free itself from the imagination-inhibiting shackles.Inevitably, it will end up falling into the hole of oblivion as soon as the viewers leave the theater."Rating: C-
4 The sound is so terrible you either have to crank up the volume to hear what they are saying or use subtitles.The acting is good, but the plot is garbage. The mission goes the way of Seal Team 6 meets Barney Fife.The shootouts in Germany of all places are ridiculous and completely unbelievable. Imagine multiple machine gun wielding military professionals with the high ground shooting at one person 30 yards away with nothing to hide behind, and missing their one-person target even after going through multiple magazine clips (ROFLMAO). It was like a scene from the movie "I'm Gonna Get You Sucka" where the lead Waynans character is running back and forth saying "Their shooting! Their shooting!"This is a stupid movie. Anyone giving this film high ratings are either paid reviewers or hyper-fans of one of the stars in this film.
3 Sound track difficult to pick up at times. Unbelievable shootouts in Germany. Pine has a leg injury that makes him immobile one minute and then sprinting like an Olympian the next. Public carpark rooftop confrontation surrounded by overlooking buildings that attracts no attention. Too 'Hollywood' to be enjoyable or feasible.
7 Not bad would have preferred more story and action esp ending
But decent for a nights viewing
But y doThey always have to endings where ur not100% sure of outcome.
5 I usually watch horror movies but in the middle i want an action movie Once in a while.. So i chose contractor. It wasn't that bad but action was missing... i mean really action.. car chasing, gunshots, bomb explosions.. kind of Liam Nison movies, or Jerald Battler's. Beside 3-4 quick scenes nothing more happened.. it's like watching a horror movie with no blood at all, no death..
And there was something on editing i didn't like.. i am not sure what was.. the scenes comes abruptly, some of them are completely meaningless. I feel it has no good flow.. But it's watchable, the actors were all good and the plot tries to be high topical.
5 To start with: I am ex something and I have been working as a contractor myself for the last 18 years. Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, Libya ... been there, worked there, as well for private firms as for NGOs and also some GOs.Now to this film: It's a good flick, yet overly dramatized and in a certain way quite inaccurate. It's a caricatural portrayal - and I didn't expect anything else coming from Hollywood - of the private security and military industry as some "shady, dubious, greedy and highly illegal" entity that collaborates with The Government and does stuff they can't officially do. Yes, stuff like that does unfortunately exist, but this doesn't even scratch the 0,1% mark of all the work internationally and if Mark Zuckerberg's social network would fact-check this it would not even get a "mostly false", but proper "fake news" stamp. You can't depict a complete industry by single incidents.But hey, it's Hollywood, it's what they like to pass as a message, because looking at the direction they have taken over the last twenty years, it has become clear they don't seem to be any more interested in producing entertainment and making profit, but rather to function as political and (pseudo)-moral activists no matter the cost. Hence also the obligatory inclusion of the word "mercenary", because THAT'S what it comes all down to for Hollywood .... and they couldn't be any more wrong than that.Chris Pine does a solid performance and the chemistry with Ben Foster is clearly there. The plot is over simplified by people not familiar with the industry and who must have written their story based on hearsay, NYT articles and a good portion of (bad) imagination. The movie doesn't know exactly what it wants to be: An action flick? Well, not quite, with too much drama and talking. A drama? Well, not quite either, with too much action. So it sits somewhere in between and is neither a pleaser for fans of one or the other. Still, the production value is there, the cast is there ... unfortunately the film isn't quite. It's absolutely fine for a one-time watch, just don't believe every lie they try to sell as The Truth. But coming from a biased director, who had done in the past a biased documentary about Guantanamo Bay called "Gitmo", the result was unsurprising.
5 Great cast, well produced, but not much of a story. It's Ludlam-style script without anything new, and though it was well thought out, it was a perfectly predictable and pretty forgettable movie with a lot of unnecessary scenes that could have been used for something interesting...
1 Captain Kirk is run off from a special forces unit for having a bad leg without pension or benefits. This is clearly the sort of World where having a bad leg doesn't disqualify one from active service in a special forces unit. He's then recruited into a top secret private security firm run by Jack Bauer after a 2 minute chat. So a World where one can join a top secret security firm without any security of physical tests. Hmm. Smells a bit fishy. Captain Kirk is then sent without further ado to Berlin to join a team tasked with assassination of a scientist thought to be working on a flu virus. Once again a World where a new hire is immediately sent on the most difficult, sensitive and dangerous mission possible. No try out on a few domestic low grade missions first? Nope, straight in at the deep end. Inevitably the mission goes sideways and Captain Kirk is left to rescue his mate, Ginger Beard by carrying him for miles and then giving him an emergency blood transfusion. Because of course that's something he can totally do because he's Captain Kirk. Ginger Beard immediately stops dying and heads off to Berlin leaving Captain Kirk behind because Kirk's leg is playing up. So he doesn't stay with his mate of many years who just saved his life? Nope, he just buggers off and leaves him in a drainage pipe. Who wrote this garbage? A five year old? Where's the remote. Off!
6 Neglect this action thriller, that shows how life might turn out if youre an u.s. Ranger, a mercinarie or a military security contractor. Its full of b-wibes and has a plot that jumps like a jack flash and humpty dumpty story of low realism at moments, but as you get into the belly of the beast you cant stop viewing till its over.It has a lot of european film style in it, allthough the propagandic message may feel american.loads of shoot outs and an incredible number of missed shots, but its a film with few waiting moments, a film to consider claims the grumpy old man.
10 The Contractor starring Chris Pine is a well-made actioner with an easy-to-follow plot, terrific performances and intense action sequences. It might not be the most original or unique film in terms of plot, but it is an engaging watch with plenty of excitement and intrigue. Chris Pine shines in his performance as the protagonist, while other actors such as Ben Foster, Kiefer Sutherland and Gillian Jacobs are also impressive. The action sequences are quite grounded and realistically done, with several moments bound to catch you off-guard. The background music beautifully gels with the proceedings, and the editing is sharp enough to keep the storytelling focused. While not being totally unpredictable, The Contractor serves you with raw action and tension worthy of your time and money, especially if you like action films. Give it a watch!
4 With a half decent cast and the production team responsible for some great movies I really was expecting more from this! It's kind of like a budget Jason Bourne! Some of the action sequences feel amateurish, there is no character engagement and overall it feels like a cheap TV movie!
3 This is not a good movie. It was boring from start to finish because of the horrible pacing, the characters are bland and uninteresting, the conflict is extremely predictable. The action is rather dull and most of the movie is just walking or dramatic tension that no one cares about. The script is bad with hilarious lines and "deep" philosophical thoughts that we've heard 200 times already. The soundtrack is often out of place and makes the whole situation even more absurd. It's not the worst movie though and the acting was pretty good.
1 Almost didn't want to finish it, plot is all over the place, let's get randomly hired, accept money kill random people without questions, while others try to kill you randomly, and everyone knows where you are always, but bad guy had no idea he came to US and was at his house to kill him ... MKAAAYYY.
7 I wasn't expecting to enjoy this, but I did, it literally was a burst of fun and energy, just like the game itself.I would imagine there were many that would have wanted to make a movie when Sonic really was big news, but perhaps the technology at the time wasn't sufficient, now though such resources are available, it looks great.Standout for me was Dr Robotnik, Jim Carrey looks awesome, and as always delivers with such charisma.It won't win awards, but enjoyed it, it was genuine good fun. 7/10*Wishes for those days of Sonic on Megadrive.
7 Recently, "Pokemon Detective Pikachu" came out...and "Sonic the Hedgehog" a few months later. Of the two, "Sonic" is definitely my favorite...simply because it was more fun and the plot was simpler and more enjoyable.The story isn't all that important...so instead, I'll just say that it's a buddy picture, of sorts. The crazed Dr. Robotnik (Jim Carrey) is seeking to capture or destroy Sonic....so it's up to Sonic's new friend (James Marsden) to help him avoid this nutty guy.The choice to hold off release to make Sonic look less creepy was a very good one. Additionally, the story is fun...and not especially complicated. Good for kids...as well as parents forced to watch it with them!
6 I think they did a good job with this. The design of Sonic so so much better than the one featured in the trailer. It baffles me how they thought the original design was ok. It looked like a child's drawing of something they had seen in a nightmare.The relationship between Sonic and James Marsden is super cute too and you'd do become invested in it.It is very much a kids movie but it's nice for older people to see as it's filled with nostalgia from the Sonic games. There are plenty of little Easter eggs that people who have played the game will notice.This movie is also really charming. It has lines that are funny too.So I would watch it especially if you have any interest in Sonic I don't think you will be disappointed or frustrated at what they have done with the property.
7 Honestly this was a movie I was never really planning to see. I thought it was another cash grab at our nostalgia. But when the initial trailer came out with the original sonic, I partook in the hilarious and frightening memes and joined in on the criticism. When I found out that they were redesigning Sonic due to the backlash - I was shocked. I never thought a studio would listen to our voice, and oh was our voice heard.So after I saw the second trailer I thought to myself, well, I guess I gotta go see it now. "Put your money where your mouth is." If the studio took the time to do this for us then I will gladly pay my money to see this.And I'm glad I did. It's a fun movie. It's not perfect by any means, but it's an enjoyable film for the family. I love the new Sonic, I love the cast, Jim Carrey is spectacular as always. It was a fun movie from start to finish. And it was really entertaining. I love the voice character for Sonic too, I think he fit perfectly. I would've given it a 7/10 but like I mentioned before, an extra star for caring about the fans and the audience.
7 Which incedently for Sonic isn't an issue (he's fast you know). I don't know how much you know about the little Hedgehog and his game history, but even without any knowledge at all, the movie will make sense to you. Certain things, like the rings and hoarding them is one of the things you do when you play him .. wait that didn't came out wrong did it? I hope not, this is a childrens movie after all.Jim Carrey really relishes and dives into his evil character! He has quite the fun with him and a lot of interesting zingers/one liners. This is overall a funny and entertaining little movie. Is it flawed? For sure - should you care though? The movie won't be fun if you do! Now that does not mean that the studio doesn't listen! The first trailer had quite the catastrophic reactions from fans all over the world ... so back to the drawing board (I guess almost literally) and a new improved Sonic was developed ... nicely done! So sit back, relax and enjoy the ride (that has quite a few plot holes in it, but a lot of heart too)
8 When I saw the original trailer I was genuinely horrified in Sonic's design, like a person in bad cosplay. After the redesign many like myself felt the need to support this movie to honour the fan service and genuine care. I'm sure glad that I did. A funny movie, Jim Carrey was amazing like always and of course Sonic looked great. A very fun movie for the whole family.
7 Sonic The Hedgehog is an action comedy movie based on the SEGA video game series of the same name. Starring James Marsden and Jim Carrey, it is a fast-moving adventure (obviously) that should entertain newcomers and keep fans of the original series satisfied.In the small town of Green Hills, Montana, a blue anthropomorphic hedgehog named Sonic (voiced by Ben Schwartz) lives in hiding after being forced out of his original dimension due to his powers of super speed. After accidentally causing a blackout throughout the whole area, Sonic attracts the attention of Dr. Ivo Robotnik (Jim Carrey), an eccentric evil genius whom the government has hired to track Sonic down for experimental purposes. Now on the run once again, Sonic enlists the help of local police officer Tom Wachowski (James Marsden) to aid him in avoiding capture and hopefully make a new friend in the process.Even if you aren't a hardcore fan of the series, Sonic The Hedgehog provides a nice amount of fun action and quirky humour to draw in even the most casual of moviegoer. I myself was a Nintendo kid growing up, preferring to play as the Italian plumber instead of the blue hedgehog, but SEGA and their mascot character always had my respect for being worthy rivals during the video game wars of the 90s, and the same can be said for this. In fact, this film seems to strongly acknowledge Sonic's 1990s roots, from his love of chili dogs to listening to music on a boombox. Of course, there are some references to modern trends but they are kept to a minimum likely so that the film will age better.Jeff Fowler, who makes his directorial debut for a feature film, does a fine job juggling his storytelling duties with showing off some solid special effects along the way, especially on Sonic himself. It is well known by now that Sonic's original design for this film was poorly received by the public so it was decided that his overall look would be changed. This worked well in the film's favour as not only does he better resemble his video game self, but he even feels more naturally integrated into the real world. We watch as Sonic dashes around causing mischief and escaping danger through different environments like the big city or the quiet countryside, deriving enjoyment along the way. This led to some amusing Quicksilver/Deadpool-esque moments which provided great comic relief during several action scenes.Comedian Ben Schwartz was a great pick to provide the voice and motion-capture of Sonic himself, both emanating the character's trademark cocky attitude while also showcasing his loneliness and longing for true friendship. This, in turn, makes him more relatable to the audience and causes him to have more human traits than some of the actual people in the film. James Marsden also gave a likeable performance as Tom Wachowski, not merely being relegated to the straight man role but also having his fair share of funny moments as well. However, it is Jim Carrey who steals the show as Dr. Robotnik. I'm not sure whether it was seeing how perfectly tailored the character was to his comedic talents or if it was just how nostalgic it felt to see him acting like his over-the-top 90s self again, but virtually everything he said and did had me laughing out loud. I hope we will see more of Carrey's portrayal of the character in the near future, which reportedly he has expressed interest in doing.In the end, even though the film isn't groundbreaking by any means, it still provides much needed entertainment thanks to its respectful take on the source material that, like POKÉMON Detective Pikachu before it, definitely feels more like how video games should be handled for the big screen treatment. There is certainly potential for other game franchises to be adapted into movies with a similar style and it is starting to feel as though the "video game curse" may be fading away altogether. There are two bonus mid-credit scenes worth staying back for, and while they aren't of Masahiro Sakurai approaching Sonic about the Smash initiative, they should excite fans of the series just as much.I rate it 7/10
7 Overall - Had lots of laughs at the cinema with a friend. But don't go in with high expectations.Having just watched Sonic, I can say that it was an enjoyable movie. Many of the elements that make up the movie has been seen before but the movie executes them well enough for them to be justified and certainly funny.Standout from the cast is Jim Carrey, who steals the show, especially in one scene in which he is experimenting with something that belongs to Sonic.Visual Effects and Sonic himself could have done with a little more polish but its adequate.
6 The movie is fun. It has some fun jokes. Robotnik is a really fun character with witty, fun dialogue. The movie understands what it is, and doesn't try to be something it is not, which is good. It doesn't take itself too seriously. There are some problems in the logic, as there is never a sense of real urgency in Sonic as he travels by car to San Francisco (even when he can clearly run properly again). Tom being all over the news never has a real impact in the plot.
The conflict in the movie is actually there and keeps it interesting. Sonic is very charming and fun to watch. Overall, the movie is enjoyable and good.Oh, and Tails cameo was so great. Made me super excited.
5 Watching this movie is like having an amazing time on a rollercoaster but after it's done you have a big headache or you need to barff. Like you had fun, it was awesome while it lasted but when it's finished it's like really? I admit I liked this movie, but as much as I liked it there's a lot I didn't like. I liked the pace, the chemistry between sonic and the side character, I liked how they handled the story. The jokes can be funny sometimes, other times they don't land and just seem very corny. I thought Jim Carrey as robotnic was ok just felt they should have actually casted someone that looks like him. Sonic comes off as a creep, spying on people, Hidding from them for like YEARS. And for some reason, when he ACTUALLY needs to hide, he doesn't, for a guy with super speed he also can't dodge a tranquilizer bullet? I mean the entire movie shows him dodging missiles and bar fights, but he can't dodge a tranquilizer bullet? A lot of the logic just doesn't add up. I admit theres a lot I like about this movie but there's a lot I don't.
7 This would not have been my choice of movie if I were going to the theater alone, but with three grandkids under the age of eleven who voted unanimously to see it, how could I refuse? It actually turned out to be fairly entertaining and the kids wound up laughing a lot and had a good time. In fact, the two who were visiting from a couple hours away called it the best thing they did all weekend. So grandpa scored a few points there if I must say so. Not being familiar with the Sonic character, everything about him was new to me. The combination of live action and animation appeared to work well as Sonic teams up with Donut Lord Tom Wachowski (James Marsden) to thwart the evil designs of Ivo Robotnik (Jim Carrey) to take over the world. Colorful cinematography and a frantic pace keeps the action moving along, so if you happen to come across a couple of stray family members, why not take them to see the flick. It wouldn't be the worst afternoon you ever spent.
8 A movie that I thought was going to be a trainwreck really surprised me.
Jim Carrey really steals the show with a phenomenal performance. An excellent film to take your whole family to the cinema and have a good laugh. Very funny!
8 Sonic definitely exceeded all my expectations. The film has excellent music, cinematography and acting, with an incredible battle between Dr. Eggman and Sonic. Jim Carrey is the king of comedy, he really made Dr. Eggman scary and dangerous. Don't listen to critics, it's great!
8 The film is part of a certain genre of lovable alien coming to Earth and being chased by unnecessarily evil and ineffective power hungry guys while being protected by regular people for emotional reasons. It checks all the boxes, it is funny and pleasant, too. The villain, while being the usual cardboard evil character, gets much more nuanced and interesting from Jim Carrey's performance. And frankly, I thought James Marsden was just a pretty face, but I kind of like him in everything he does so, good luck James!As a successful and fun to watch movie based on a game - they are too few and far between - I think this is way above the average. Maybe a bit too childish, though, but I guess this film isn't for adults.
7 It's not the next masterpiece of cinema, but I genuinely think it's an enjoyable watch if you don't go in expecting the stars.I enjoyed it a lot more than I have a lot of other "Video-Game cash in movies" anyway. Yes, It's a genre that's been done a lot, but that doesn't make this film inherently bad.It had some enjoyable moments in it.I have immense amounts of respect for the crew who worked on this movie, due to how much the internet kicked up a storm and how they worked tirelessly to try re-jig the movie to make it work. That doesn't mean the movie is perfect, but the respect for the craft is there.Long story short; It's not a perfect movie, but you can tell that effort was made in it's creation. Had some enjoyable moments and would definitely encourage people to watch.
7 Ten years after being forced to flee his home planet, blue superspeeded Hedgehog Sonic (Ben Schwartz) now lives in secret in the small town of Green Hills, Montana. After one day inadvertently tapping into his powers triggering an electromagnetic pulse, this brings the attention of U.S. Government who sends in genius scientist Dr. Robotnik (Jim Carrey) to investigate and deal with the anomaly. Now hunted by Robotnik's drones Sonic enlists the help of Green Hills Sheriff, Tom Wachowski (James Marsden), to helptravel across the United States so he can avoid capture.First appearing on video game consoles back in 1991, Sonic became an instant success for both Sega and their 16-bit video game console the Genesis/Mega Drive. Sonic even helped Sega eclipse sales of competitor Nintendo (albeit in brief spurts) and lead to well received sequels and an expanded media franchise that still runs strong to this day with long running comics and multiple TV series having been produced. A movie had been in various stages of development from 1994 onward with iterations of the project coming close to fruition at MGM and Dreamworks, but conflicting visions and fleeting success with films such as Super Mario Bros. and Street Fighter resulted in the project stalling. The film began serious development back in 2013 and even with the commitment it was slow going for the blue speedster with original distributor Columbia getting cold feet and selling the project in a turnaround to Paramount (who was eager to bulk up franchises in the wake of their faltering Transformers and Star Trek films). Then of course there was Sonic's design/redesign which was so reviled by everyone the movie was delayed to fix the look. Against all odds, the movie is actually quite good.While the movie is certainly a family film (with some of the types of humor that entails), the movie does have a charm and sweetness to it that makes itself very endearing. Ben Schwartz is effectively energetic as Sonic and brings to the forefront the character's good natured penchant for mischief and adventure that makes him such a fun protagonist. In many ways he still captures the attitudes carried from the decade of his introduction that could also be seen in similar properties like the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Swat Kats, and many other properties from the era. While Sonic's attitude is definitely in line with his persona, the movie does a good job making him a character with depth. When we first see Sonic as a child it's in a flashback sequence on his home planet where a tribe of Echidnas (a reference to the lore of the games) tries to capture him and his Guardian, an Owl named Longclaw, is presumably killed in the process trying to help him escape to Earth. It's a really well done sequence that establishes the stakes quite well and creates a nice emotional core to build the movie around. We see Sonic's isolation as he hides from the sight of Green Hills' citizenry (save for a hermit who's the only one who knows Sonic exists but no one believes) and how he watches them from a far pretending to be friends with them and giving them nicknames like "Donut Lord" for Tom or "Pretzel Lady" for Tom's wife Maddie (Tika Sumpter). It's both a very funny and surprisingly sweet take on the character.The human characters in the movie are also quite good. Both Tom and Maddie are really sweet as a married couple and have great chemistry and comic timing together. Tom is also great as a foil for Sonic once the two end up teaming up together and is not only a well done proxy for the audience to get more well versed in Sonic's universe, but he's also a good man with ambition who genuinely wants to help people and feels like he can't do that in his job as a small town Sheriff. There's some really nice exchanges between Sonic and Tom as they go across country getting into various misadventures involving not just Robotnik's drones but also road movie trappings like tourist traps and tough bars that are one accident shove away from breaking into a full on fight. Which brings us to Dr. Robotnik. Jim Carrey is amazing as our villain. An arrogant misanthrope with a Superiority complex and a general contempt for all humanity, Carrey does an amazing job of bringing to life Robotnik. As the movie goes on he becomes more visually similar to his video game counter part in aesthetics, but even if he didn't it'd still be an amazing performance. Carrey's performance is somewhere between his performance as The RIddler from Batman Forever and the cable guy from The Cable Guy. It's not as silly as the riddler nor is it as creepy as the cable guy and strikes just the right note to make a threat but a very entertaining threat we love to hate.The plot of the movie is very standard fare as it plays like a PG version of the Simon Pegg/Nick Frost movie Paul as filtered through the lens of a lighter superhero movie like Deadpool or the Quicksilver scenes from the X-Men movies. In contrast to a lot of big budget movies with characters who are super powered, I liked how the climax and the movie as a whole was more dialed back in scale and scope and didn't rely on many trappings such as sky portals or citywide destruction and instead went a more personal route with its stakes. But while I personally liked the smaller scale approach to the material, I can imagine there will be others who will feel it wasn't an adequate pay off to what cam before.Sonic is not only a solid video game movie, it's a solid movie. It's well cast with charming leads, a really good performance by Jim Carrey as our villain, and fun and creative usage of Sonic's super speed that leads to both big laughs and exciting action sequences. while the movie follows a predictable path and some of the humor flirts with being juvenile, it's a solid film that can be enjoyed by most family members are will entertain both newcomers to the franchise and long time fans.*Also note there is post credit scene establishing potential threads for the sequel
24 February 2021 Good watch, could watch again, and can recommend.This is surprisingly good, and I went in with really low expectations. Sonic has a long and very weird fanbase, along with a series of weird, weird choices in game designs.The concept is very forced, but once you get past that and into actual Sonic content, it is actually a lot of fun. Jim Carrey does a wonderful version of Dr. (Eggman) Robotnik, and the change to him originating in on Earth 1 actually works really well.I feel like there is a possibility for a series of movies surrounding the dark organization Robotnik was from. Carrey, Marsden, and the Sonic character have a some great chemistry.While its not a great movie, it's definitely a lot of fun, and I think that is the right choice for a Sonic movie.
10 This is a genuinely excellent movie! I was a little skeptical at first given the fact that there would've been a chance that even though they fixed Sonic's design, this movie was going to be too much like The Smurfs. But boy was I wrong! Jim Carrey absolutely steals the show as Dr. Robotnik, who will eventually adopt the name Eggman, and Sonic just looks so cute! The action scenes are excellent and some jokes are really hilarious! I'd highly recommend this movie to anybody!
9 Definitely fun to watch, and with the new redesign it works very, very well!
Recommended, hoping it does well enough in box office performance for a sequel.
Would LOVE to see that happen!
10 This was funny, fast paced and family friendly. They have plenty of comedic moments and nods to the game franchise. Loved it. Gotta go fast.
10 1- Love the voice actor of Sonic.2- Love how they use different references from different movies and tv shows.3- The Comedy is on point whether you're an adult or a child.4- The animation of Sonic is way better than the previous one.5- There are some heart-felt moments where you're drawn to the emotions that Sonic is going through.6- Love the fact that they're continuing the movie with a second part.7- I enjoyed Jim Carry's role as the villain due to his clumsiness in some situations.
1 What's up with the fake reviews on this? So many pushing this, even saying the original saga sonic, wow!! The design or sonic is like a genetic experiment!! He looks more human like than a hedgehog!!! The voice actor is not a fit for sonic!!!
Dr. Robotnik is not a slim guy like they portray him in this!! It's clear the people behind this movie only saw a cash grab because they didn't study the sonic world like they should have!!!
6 This film was better than I expected! Everyone went crazy over the first trailer but Paramount listened to the fans and adjusted their designs for a much better effect. This film does feel like a rehash of other animated films like Hop (2011), down to James Marsden, although it is executed well so I don't mind. James Marsden himself plays the weary father figure, Jim Carrey chews the scenery as Dr. Robotnik and Sonic is the energetic but lonely child figure. The plot was set up effectively (although I wish we could have seen more of Sonic's origins and the other planets) but the energy petered out somewhat. After the beginning, there is a lot of set pieces and Sonic's goofiness with not much really connecting them. They have to go to San Francisco to find the rings but Dr. Robotnik tries to stop them; there's not much else to the story. The character arcs promised in the beginning don't really go anywhere. I had a fun time watching this film but it wasn't really anything I hadn't seen before.
10 Given even just the production history of this movie, I had extremely mixed expectations before watching. Yet given the opportunity, I couldn't pass it up - and you know what? 'Sonic the hedgehog' is both absurd and delightful.Truthfully, I was hooked from the moment early on when Sonic befriended a turtle.Sonic, as voiced by Ben Schwartz, rides a line between terribly obnoxious and annoyingly endearing, but indisputably entertaining. James Marsden, in his role as small-town cop Tom, plays it straight, and is a swell foil to Sonic's madcap frivolity. And Jim Carrey, as infamous Dr. Robotnik is... Well, there's no mistaking that his knack for physical comedy and exaggerated facial expressions makes him perfect for a part so cartoonishly villainous. At the same time, this is the most Jim Carrey that Jim Carrey has been in years. Yet the end result of it all is that the cast is outstanding, and they give swell comedic performances to bring this picture to life.The special effects, including Robotnik's machines and Sonic himself, are as realistic as such pointedly unrealistic visions could be. That dovetails neatly into the nature off the film as a videogame adaptation: For working with a franchise whose concept boils down to "gotta go fast," writers Pat Casey and Josh Miller have concocted a story that ports over familiar elements of the game series to the cinematic world, while also creating something new and fun. Even when it dips into overly sentimental moments, or gets extra cutesy or cartoonish - this is honestly just such a blast.Despite myself, there's just not much more to say. No one is more surprised than I am by how much I enjoyed this film. It had so much working against it since the moment production began, but all the hard work has paid off. 'Sonic the hedgehog' is an unapologetic, silly, playful romp that has caught me off guard, and I'm so glad I took a chance on it.
7 Very interesting movie. The character of Sonic was fun and the character of the Sheriff and his wife was bad. Jim Carrey was the best person in the movie. Sonic was perfect and much better than the first show I recommend watching
7 Low expectations were what I had when the trailer first appeared on my phone screen. I wasn't even interested to watch it 'till the end. I would roll my eyes on the animation style, it's not eye-catching nor it is impressive.But damnnnnnnn! I wasn't expecting it to be good. It's a feature animated film filled with genuine laughter, comical characters and an above the par plot.The caper team consists of Wolf, Tarantula, Piranha, Snake and Shark, all of which play a different archetype from one another. This team of 5 is evil and yet, you might find that their personalities are very likable, charming and even approachable. This is the heart of the film, the element that keeps the audience entertained aside from its narrative.Ocean's 8 meets Zootopia, this is what The Bad Guys is. You may find the first heist somewhat similar to the all-women Ocean's. There's the restrooms, kitchen tray trolleys, red-carpet staircases, hackings (pretty much every heist film), red laser traps, all of which resemble strongly with the mega heist of the Met Gala in the said film. I found TBG better than Zootopia, which I PERSONALLY found it to be overrated. However, those who love Zootopia will also enjoy TBG as it implies similitude to it.Running for over 100 minutes, The Bad Guys never stops with its steady pacing, putting audience in an enjoyable ride from start until the end.Lo and behold, you wouldn't expect how many twists they are in this. It's a plot twist on top of another plot twist. Just when you thought, there you go, they have revealed all the twists, the film comes in with another unexpected twist , showing that you have also been deceived by The Bad Guys. When you look back at it, it's amazing that all the twists don't come as a force, but rather it oozes naturally, making it a perfect fit to the whole story.The animation style is better than what I had visualized in my mind. Looking at the trailer, I thought it was mehh, but the pencil-like motion drawings got better as time went on. It took a bit of time to adjust but eventually, I liked it.On the other side of the cell, I believe that TBG should offer a larger team than mere 5 animals. It would have been so much fun, exciting and the stakes would be even higher!All the animal outlaws are excellent however, I must say, I'm a little disappointed with their back stories, because there is almost none to begin with. They did introduce each member in the beginning, but I wanted to know where all of them came from, how they can coexist and walk the earth with humans, and how the group was formed in the first place. I know, I'm aware this is an animated film but what a solid story they could have to an already excellent plot.Rounding up, The Bad Guys is definitely in my top 5 films of 2022 as we almost end the quarter of the year. Let's see what the future has in store for animated films!Verdict: If there is one thing The Bad Guys taught us, it's to never judge a film by its trailer.
8 This one, as another reviewer has already said , has wonderfully written characters (obviously - written and performed). It's not original - I couldn't care less - once again: originality as is, is overrated in my personal book. So despite obvious similarities with Zootopia I still enjoyed it wholeheartedly. Some of the plot twists can be spotted miles ahead - it doesn't matter. Once we got to know and like these lovely characters we just want to see the story through and know how it all ended for them. Only problem is - most of the climax of the movie doesn't really make sense. Or to put it simply, think it out carefully and you'll realize - it couldn't happen the way the movie explains it. I'd give it 10 stars if it was making sense. And then again - it's not as important as it could be in other movies.Must add some words regarding the cast. They're all wonderful but I can't avoid special mention for Sam Rockwell, it's not the first time I see him but I can promise from now on - I'll make it my business to notice him; Marc Maron is also superb as snake; Zazie Beetz is always unforgettable, and she does it again, and the exact same thing can be said of Awkwafina.To some it all up - if you don't have a special agenda against fun movies - you'll love this one.
10 The new DreamWorks film seems very ambitious and something that I have never seen from them before, which is crazy, so it's based on the wonderful book series by Aaron Blabey, along with a all star cast and directed by Pierre Perifel who worked on the Bilby short from the studio, most of their recent films have either been fun or mediocre, How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World was the last DreamWorks film that was amazing with everything else in between being just not as strong and even forgettable, but with this there's definitely a lot of hype surrounding this film from the way it looks and the wacky sense of humour and I am very excited about this, I did read a few of the book in preparation for this film, so I saw it yesterday at a early preview or "see it first" if you will and..... no joke, this is the best DreamWorks film in years, I'm not kidding, this is exactly what I wanted and this is what I missed about their writing and style, so let's talk about it!The biggest praise I can give to this film is the animation is quite mind blowing (no pun intended), it seems to take inspiration from the likes of Spider-Verse, Mitchells Vs. The Machines, Zootropolis and even Captain Underpants too, it's stylistic, it's bright, fast, with so much great attention to detail, along with superb characters designs since the bad guys look so unique and expressive in all the right ways, it has the zany cartoon effects too, the animation really takes advantage of cell shading, but it also makes the characters stand out as being memorable and funny as well, all the characters are fantastic, I loved all of them my favourites would
Be Mr. Wolf (Sam Rockwell) Mr. Snake (Marc Maron) Diane (Zazie Beetz) and Professor Marmalade (Richard Ayoade), even the minor characters one are funny as heck, but it's thanks to the cast who brings these characters to live in a unique way!, Sam Rockwell is just charming as Mr. Wolf, Richard Ayoade is always a pleasure hearing his voice in anything, the rest like Anthony Ramos, Awkwafina, Craig Robinson and more are all great and have distinct personalities, heck a lot of them are almost identical to the original source characters, the score by Daniel Pemberton is really outstanding in many ways by how cool and easy on the ears it is, of course he did the score for Spider-Verse so it makes sense to bring him to compose the music for this film, along with a soundtrack that I very much dig, the story maybe the same ol' villain might be hero story like Megamind or Despicable Me, but this at least tries to do it differently and even the conclusion is very satisfying!, so the filmmaking with this story is incredible, this film is the definition of laugh out loud, every moment and joke was funny, even the toilet humour was unique and purposeful to stand out and actually be funny, while also having a nice heart to it, I mean the bad guys are doing good after all, along with a few good twists even the ones you know will eventually come, the action is incredible and so much fun to watch along with creativity also, it's what anyone would want in a film like this!, although with a few changes, it still keeps some elements of the book afloat which is really nice with some nice references too.Guys what else can I say but this is nothing short of fantastic, the Bad Guys is the best DreamWorks film in a looooong time, it's definitely return to form in terms of well-written DreamWorks films!, it's stylistic, hilarious, new, unique, fun, visually wonderful and captures the spirit of the book rather well while bringing new elements to the world of the Bad Guys that'll make it more and more unique, along with excellent music and a strong cast of characters, I don't have any complaints at all, it's a perfect film for the family to watch, if you are a fan of the studio, see it today since it's early previews in the UK are still going or next week when it officially hits UK cinemas over here very soon, some of the other countries will have a wait a bit longer but it'll be worth it in the end, this is my favourite animated film of the year and one of the best films of the year also!, I'm happy to see a DreamWorks film that isn't in any way mediocre or boring, I loved this film so that I hope to see more of this and not more sequels, also Trolls related media.I'm happy to give The Bad Guys a 10/10!
8 I completely agree with the first reviewer: I had low expectation after seeing the trailer, too. But "The Bad Guys" turned out to be a very clever movie, well-made, with a sophisticated script, and fast-moving. Most importantly: It's not taking itself too seriously. I mean: A shark as a master of disguise!?I don't know (yet) the books on which this movie is based. Oviously the story is also inspired by the various Ocean's 8/ 11/ 12/ whatever-movies, but it is definitely an over-the-top-version of these caper movies. These movies always tried to be believable; "the bad guys" tries to be fun. And it succeeded in that!
9 The Animation Style was so good i really love it 2D but it's 3D if im not wrong its called 2.5D, i like The story to not to fast and not complicated and... i like The plot twist it has a twist and a twist again. All the Best about this movie was the Animation Style i like the new Dreamworks Style i think like every production House of animation Try a new Style like Pixar did after "Soul". You should Watch this with your family now on Cinemas.
9 I remember watching the trailer to this movie back in 2021, back then, I said "A DreamWorks movie? That will be mediocre", and I'm glad to say that I was very wrong; The Bad Guys is a fun, fast, and very uniquely animated movie, it's consistent without being boring, this movie is a lesson on how to do animated movies in a time where all of them lack the creativity the 2000s had, this movie never plays it safe, the plot itself is sometimes predictable but there's a lot of twists you weren't expecting, this movie gives twists after twists, some of them are very predictable, others aren't, this is my only complaint about this movie.Now the Holy Grail of this work is definetly its characters, all of them are so memorable, comparing The Bad Guys characters to this year Encanto and Turning Red it really shows that Pixar should invest more on how they are creating their characters; Mr. Wolf, Diane Foxington, Mr. Snake, Mr. Shark, Professor Marmalade, all of this characters with its excellent voice-acting bring so much life to The Bad Guys, they manage to accomplish someting lacking on today's animated-movie industry, not making the characters the most annoying idiots that you wish all of them die in a car fire because they make the movie boring.Overall, the best Dreamworks movie since How to Train Your Dragon.
9 I really enjoyed the movie. It's funny, the action scenes are very well done, the characters are charming, the dialogues are excellent and the animation style, in a mix of 2D and 3D, is the icing on the cake to complete an (almost) perfect animation.'Almost' because the plot was pretty average. It's interesting and even brings a nice message, but I think it lacked a little more development, especially in making the movie more unpredictable. Halfway through the movie you already knew who the villain was and how the movie was going to end. They even added multiple 'twists' to make the story more unpredictable, but almost all of them were far-fetched and failed to surprise me.Despite that, this movie was a breath of originality from Dreamworks after a decade of bland animations. I'll give it a solid 9.
8 The Bad Guys is definitely a step forward for Dreamworks, despite the fact that its script is quite predictable, the characters have a lot of charisma, that together with a more than excellent animation.Its soundtrack is also quite remarkable, a worthy job coming from Daniel Pemberton (Spider-Man Into The Spiderverse composer) this makes the chases and action scenes a visual delight.In conclusion, The Bad Guys is a very good movie that hooks you throughout the movie, it is dynamic and frenetic, with a lesson in morality and emotional moments, It is not a masterpiece like other films from the studio, but if it is moderately successful, we could say that it is the new Dreamworks franchise. Hopefully they improve and refine what was done in this movie in a possible sequel or in other studio projects.
8 Fun and stylish animation with a high level of attention to detail. Despite foreseeable twists, Pierre Perifel brought character-driven plot works for all ages. Wolf and the gang made smooth transition to change habits while taught some valuable life-lessons.
9 Imagine Oceans 11, the car chases from Ronin, Bullet, and Blues Brothers, along with the crazy humor,with great animation, it's all here! I've seen it twice with the previews we had here and it opens fully in the next few days, I will see it a third time. There are some problems, which really, don't soil the film at all, the pace is fast in the action the driving scenes, the dialogue is snappy, and the voice acting is spot on, but best of all, it is very funny and entertaining. The music by Daniel Pemberton, he did, Into the Spiderverse, is rocking from start to finish. Even the end credits have story going into it. It's in my films of the year list and this 2022 has had some gems, already.
10 I didn't expect to have as much fun as I did and it was honestly hilarious and the animation style was absolutely gorgeous. Saw an early screening on the 27th of March (yesterday) and I can't stop thinking about it, already booked a second ticket for the opening night on April 1st!Would absolutely recommend if you love animated films!
8 My god animation/film that is JUST good entertainment and not trying to sell you something.Reminds me of "The Sting" and our lead wolf similar to Lupin III (Monkey Punch) . So the plot may not be very original but the characters are fun and well developed.U rating in the UK seems a little light, given some of the themes.Go see.
6 My 5 year old loved it and from the adult point of view, there's nothing that particularly stands out but there's not much to be critical of either. It made me smile without bringing on a full laugh, but I'll take it. Good job Bad Guys.
8 It's a kids film, but it has lots of elements that makes it a good and decent film. As said, expectations were low, but it show us that their is still hope for more animated films like this.
8 The Bad Guys uses a familiar story to explore familiar themes but that doesn't stop it from being a great animated movie that's really heartwarming, funny and consistently fast paced with a really strong message at its core.Sam Rockwell gives a great lead performance that has plenty of his natural charm on display whilst having ample chemistry with Zazie Beetz who is equally charismatic. The rest of the cast are all suitably energetic with Anthony Ramos being a surprising standout.The animation style is fantastic, something refreshingly different to the norm that's effortlessly stylish and vibrant. The soundtrack and the music by Daniel Pemberton are both really good, adding to the overall sense of enjoyment.
7 With some impressive voice talents and stylistic animation that suits the Bad Guys is certainly a fun-time that takes the conventional heist/caper genre and spins it on its head.I went in to this movie with very little expectations, however to my surprise I found it very enjoyable, funny and engaging.The voice cast do a great job, with plenty of interaction and back-and-forth between the characters which made their dyanmic not only funny but also believable. With stand-outs being Sam Rockwell, Zazie Beetz, Awkwafina and Alex Borstein.The art style too works well in this movie's favour, its easy on the eyes while offering symplistic designs that suits the fast-paced energy of the story. Character designs suit the voice actors portraying them and the character's personalities are be displayed in how their animated.The actual heists are very well constructed, with each member of the Bad Guys playing their own part and working as a team, splitting the action to their own perspectives. With exciting scenes of planning the heists, improvising when things go wrong, each character playing their own part and scenes of genuinely nail-biting suspense.Like most heist movies, this one has many twists, turns, double crosses and surprises that keep you on your toes. And while at times it was a tad predictable, the story was still funny, engaging and heartfelt.While most animated movies these days can seem pandering or lackluster, The Bad Guys is not one of them. Ultimately this movie is a really fun time with clever writing, unique art style and an impressive voice cast it'll keep you entertained and guessing throughout its runtime, no matter your age.Recommended.
6 This film is watchable and the story is passable but it lacks depth in both the plot and the characters to make it interesting for adults.Maybe if you have read the books to kids it means more but otherwise it's just an OK watch.Probably fun for kids but not an epic.
7 Step aside Turning Red! This is the best Furry movie of 2022! Stylish animation and a good Ocean's Eleven-esque/heist family friendly tone to it. Got a good set of characters, action, quirkiness, humour, and heart. Perhaps the film is a little predictable, but it stays engaging so I don't think it's too much of a problem. Seemed to be well liked by both kids and adults. Better than some of Pixar's latest stuff honestly.6.5/10.
6 Recently having seen the excellent Anime Jujutsu Kaisen 0: The Movie (2021-also reviewed) I've been in the mood to watch another animated title. Seeing this one appear in the listings of a local cinema,I got set to discover how bad these guys could be.View on the film:Based on a series of books by Aaron Blabey, the screenplay by Hilary Winston,Yoni Brenner & Etan Cohen smoothly adapt the tales into one frantic, high-stakes tale, thanks to the writers limiting Pop Culture references, to instead focus on the very funny snappy exchanges between the guys, which highlights the unique skill they each bring to the team.Whilst the writers lay on a bit too thickly the message that the gang should stop being master thieves and become good, the ensemble cast give cracking turns, with Sam Rockwell capturing with comedic glee Wolf struggling to decide on if he should stay bad, or turn good, Marc Maron hissing Snake's frustrations at Wolf's indecision, and Richard Ayoade hilariously stealing every scene he is in,as Mr. Perfect, Professor Marmalade.Making his feature film directing debut after being involved in the making of other movies such as Monsters vs. Aliens (2009-also reviewed), director Pierre Perifel displays a great, sharp eye in creating a hip Caper heist mood, with glossy whip-pans and crash-zooms over brightly coloured crisp edits, placing the audience in the middle of the team.While doing well drawing character moments between each member between the heists, Perifel gives the CGI a block appearance, which sadly limits the the amount of facial expressions that is given to each member, as The Bad Guys get set for one last heist.
6 This film was basically a case of 'spot the homage'for me. It's well animated, even if not exceptional, and the screenwriter is obviously having fun recreating scenes from Pulp Fiction and The Blues Brothers amongst other films although the obvious one is Oceans Eleven (even name checking George Clooney at one point). Sam Rockwels 'wolf' even sounds vaguely like himIt's probably a little too complicated for very young children but ok for the 8-12 age group. The nothing fantastic but quite watchable fun.
6 Please forgive that terrible joke. This is a pretty good family movie with a great cast and fun story. I love the animation style, it's almost like a combination of realistic and cartoonish. Some aspects look hand-drawn while others look like real photos with a cartoon effect. I don't think I've seen anything like it.Sam Rockwell is one of my favorite actors and he oozes cool in this role. I kept imagining him in the sound booth just having a blast with the performance. The supporting cast all bring something to the table. Awkwafina continues to shine as a voice actor, although with a much smaller role (she killed it in Raya and the Last Dragon).The only reason I didn't like this more is the comedy. It's not bad. It's mostly amusing. But I only laughed out loud a few times. By contrast, Sonic and Sonic 2 are PG family movies that had me cracking up, although it might not be fair to compare when they had GOAT Jim Carrey.I had a decent time with this movie although I don't see myself revisiting it. I think most families and kids will really like it. (1 viewing, 4/22/2022)
10 I don't say anything just watch this movie
Great graphics great story Great dubbing unpredictable (better than encanto and turning red) i just really love this movie
All the characters were sweet and funny especially Mr Wolf
Mr wolf really funny cute and sweet and hot
Ok i just want say WATCH THIS MOVIEEEE.
6 I loved the message of this movie and the characters were great. As a family movie it was great to go and watch at the cinema with the kids. Some laugh out loud parts. Would I watch it again? Probably not but I don't regret watching it either.
4 Overall I wasn't impressed, me and the kids around the middle of the film started getting bored, I think they giggled once. I don't think they understood what was going on. It was a mix between zootropolis (which is awesome) and ocenes 11.. should of watched sonic instead.
8 Absolutely loved the animation and the music of the movie! Very enjoyable characters and a very nice message for the audience to never judge someone by their appearence nor the stereotypes of their species (a message that is perfect for movies featuring anthropomorphic animals, given the diversity of animals and their biology, e.g. Zootopia).It is a movie for kids, so the plot is very easy to understand and it is well paced with the story development for a 100 minute film. However, the story is okay-ish and honestly the plot twists don't really work for the more mature audiences (like, seriously, just by looking at the character when they're introduced, you just KNOW they're the villain), and a fair amount of silly jokes (farts and butts) that maybe the kids find it funny, but are very cringy for the more grown-up people.So overall, it is a pretty good movie to watch! And, given that it's based on a book series, i would not mind if this gets a sequel!
6 Greetings again from the darkness. Discotheques and Night Clubs were regularly referred to as 'meat markets', and all movie lovers are familiar with the term 'meet-cute'. It's rare for meat and meet to merge into a cautionary tale of modern-day dating, but that's what we get from director Mimi Cave's first feature film and a script from Lauryn Kahn (IBIZA, 2018). This twisted film should slide easily into the Midnight Movie rotation for those looking for a slicer, rather than a slasher.Daisy Edgar-Jones ("Normal People", 2020) stars as Noa, a twenty-something frustrated with the results of digital dating apps. Her experience is a case study on the challenges of meeting someone special, or even someone not psychotic, through a dating app. She swipes right on a cute puppy picture, and almost immediately receives an unwanted 'private' shot. When she does agree to have dinner with one guy, he criticizes her fashion, yearns for old-fashioned femininity, makes her pay half, and doesn't bother to hold the door for her. Noa tells her close friend Mollie (Jojo T Gibbs) that she's done with dating for a while, and who can blame her?Not long after that trainwreck date, and when she's least expecting it, Noa gets her meet-cute in the produce aisle at the grocery store. Steve (Sebastian Stan who plays Bucky Barnes in the Marvel Universe) is a charming, good-looking guy and she agrees to give him her number. Their first date is filled with the usual background Q&A stuff, but it's clear that Noa and Steve have some chemistry. The reason this works cinematically is that director Cave allows us to view Steve through Noa's eyes. Just like her, we are diligently searching for red flags, remaining on high alert for signs something is off. But plastic surgeon Steve's early warning signs only become noticeable much later (too late) after his true self is revealed.Steve's true-self-revelation is a doozy, and the opening credits pop up just after the gut-punch, approximately 40 minutes in. While the first act plays a bit like a traditional rom-com with all the associated romantic awkwardness, the stunningly plausible shift jerks us and Noa in a different direction. Additional supporting work is provided by Dayo Okeniyi as an initially helpful bartender whose recognition of horror film tropes prevent him from taking any heroic action, and Charlotte Le Bon as a surprise addition to the proceedings. But it's the performances and the twisted chemistry of Ms. Edgar-Jones and Mr. Stan that allows the premise to work and Act 3 to not quite slip into full blown absurdity. Without giving anything else away, I can admit that this referendum on dating and people, presented as a horror film, struck me as a blend of PROMISING YOUNG WOMAN (2020), GET OUT (2017), and a personal favorite, EATING RAOUL (1982).Streaming exclusively on HULU beginning March 4, 2022.
7 First of all, there is not a single minute of this movie that would classify it as a comedy. It is a dark and disturbing suspense/horror movie.I'm not a horror fan, but I liked this one. I had an uneasy feeling throughout the majority of it (you'll see why). The acting was better than most films of this type.
5 I must admit that I was initially intrigued by the synopsis for this 2022 thriller titled "Fresh" from writer Lauryn Kahn and director Mimi Cave. However, I hadn't heard about the movie prior to sitting down to watch it, so I wasn't sure what I was in for here. But with it being a new movie that I hadn't already seen, of course I opted to give the movie a viewing.And while the concept idea behind "Fresh" certainly was interesting or fresh, pardon the pun, then it was a movie that was oddly bland and generic. Sure, there were aspects to the storyline that had weight and leverage to it, but overall, then the movie was just lacking spice, pardon the pun.Sure, it was a fun jab at today's meat market with the dating apps and services, I get that, but at the same time the movie was just a bit too generic and predictable."Fresh" has a relatively small cast ensemble, but I will say that the actors and actresses in the movie definitely rose to the occasion and carried the movie quite well. It was just a shame that they had so little to work with in terms of a properly entertaining and enjoyable script. I was not familiar with the cast that performed in the movie, so that was something that I enjoyed at least.Visually then "Fresh" was adequate. It is not a gory movie, as director Mimi Cave doesn't delve into the full-blown gore and macabre. Most of the gruesome things are left to the imagination, for better or worse.I found "Fresh" to be suitable for a single viewing, but that was about it. This is not a movie that I will be returning to watch a second time, as the storyline just simply doesn't have the ingredients to support more than a single serving, pardon the pun.My rating of "Fresh" lands on a very bland five out of ten stars.
8 8/10 - Daisy Edgar-Jones, Sebastian Stan, and Jojo T. Gibbs all turn in solid performances in this unique, wonderfully weird, slightly repulsive, and entrancing horror comedy (with a fantastic payoff) that is perfect for fans of fellow Searchlight release, Ready or Not.
9 Fresh (2022) is a movie I recently watched on Hulu. The storyline follows a single lady a little desperate to find a half decent date. She finds a nice guy and they date for several weeks and then he pops the big question, "would you like to take a cabin trip?" She's excited and goes changing her life forever...This movie is directed by Mimi Cave in her directorial debut and stars Daisy Edgar-Jones (War of the Worlds), Sebastian Stan (Captain America: Winter Soldier), Jojo T. Gibbs (Twenties), Dayo Okeniyi (See) and Andrea Bang (Luce).The storyline for this is very well paced and delivered. I really liked the plot, characters and how the circumstances unfold. There is really good dialogue and chemistry between the characters and intensity in the circumstances. The horror elements are subtle and while I watched the film unfold I was a bit disappointed there wasn't much gore, especially with this premise; however, the ending is so strong and well done it makes up for it.Overall this is a fantastic "new" addition to the horror genre at a time horror fans are starved for something new and original. I would score this an 8.5-9/10 and strongly recommend it.
7 Fresh depicts the horrors of modern dating seen through one young woman's defiant battle to survive her new boyfriend's unusual appetites. This movie goes pretty off the rails and for good reason. Writer Lauryn Kahn is no stranger to rom-coms having several flops in the past. For this feature, she toys around with the horror genre to give a unique perspective both taken literally and metaphorically. The first 30-minutes are setup like a pleasing romantic movie. I quite enjoyed that beginning. Daisy Edgar-Jones and Sebastian Stan have a cute relationship and great chemistry, which lasts throughout. After that first half hour, the movie starts to pick up and show a darker side. In fact, the opening credits don't happen until then. What comes next is absurd and chilling. Without Mimi Cave's direction, her feature debut fun fact, I doubt the movie would work. She makes this both an uncomfortable and entertaining watch all together. Her techniques may not all be foreign to the horror genre and it definitely can be predictable at times, yet I feel she pulls it off.I mentioned our two leads before, and they get even better as the movie progresses. Edgar-Jones gives a fully committed performance proving once again she's a great newcomer within the past few years. I really liked her character and how she's able to pull of a good performance to please others in the most desperate of times. Sebastian Stan does well in this role and is completely mesmerizing. Once this hits Hulu in March, there are going to be a few meme-able moments with him and quite the talk surrounding his character. Another good performance comes from Jojo T. Gibb's as the friend trying to piece this mystery together. There's a couple characters that make their entrance but feel like they serve no purpose once they get their time to shine. In the climax, I expected more from them but their works are easily resolved. And the movie ends abruptly if you ask me. As a whole, the runtime is close to two hours. It overstays its welcome with scenes that go nowhere and a few missing pieces never to return to. As much as I liked the beginning, I feel as if that could've been chopped down some even though the half hour mark throws you in for a loop. Not everything is entirely new and it could be better, but the performances and Mimi Cave's work pulls it together. This will for sure gain a cult following in the future and connect with some in such a way. I can't say it all worked for me, it's a bit messy and too long, but still a solid watch.
8 As "Fresh" (2022 release; 115 min.) opens, we got to know Noa, a twenty-something woman who is not having much luck on the dating scene. Then one night she gets to know a guy while at the grocery store. They hit it off, and before we know it, they are off on a weekend vacation...Couple of comments: this is the feature length debut of director Mimi Cave. Equally important, this is written by Lauryn Kahn ("Ibiza"). The way the movie is described by IMDb is utterly and completely misleading. This movie is not about "the horrors of modern dating". This is an outright scary movie, and a startling and disturbing one at that. I had no inkling whatsoever what was about to unfold. The movie is plot heavy so I really can't say much more about that. Even though the movie is unsettling, I will also say that this is one of the better movies I have seen so far this year. The two lead performances from Sebastian Stan (whom we saw most recently in "Pam & Tommy"), and British up-and-coming actress Daisy Edgar-Jones, are tops. Kudos must go to both Lauryn Kahn (for coming up with this idea) and Mimi Cave (for implementing into onto the screen). As a complete aside, I recently saw "Drive My Car", where the opening credits started rolling 40 min into the movie, something I cannot recall having ever seen before. Well, guess what: the opening credits for "Fresh" start rolling only about 35 min into it!"Fresh" premiered at this year's Sundance film festival, and not even two months later, it started streaming on Hulu. If you are in the mood for a scary movie that is at times disturbing and unsettling, I'd readily suggest you check this out, and draw your own conclusion.
6 Firstly imagine how much money Steve would have made off of Sheila from Santa Clarita diet. Fresh is not what I expected, it's not a comedy and even though it's quite gory I can't call it a horror either but that's the nearest genre you could give it. It's not there to scare you out your couch or sleep; maybe out of your dating life but that's about it. It's a romance gone wrong. I like how it combines two of my favorite genres because I'm a sucker for lovey dovey movies but then it takes a turn. The first part of the movie is quite normal, girl with an inauspicious dating life to say the least, meets a seemingly nice guy and they hit off. A meet-cute I believe it's called. The opening credits roll in after 30min as if to signal the end to that and start of something else. A 30min intro.I guess it's the hopeless romantic side of me that led me to believe for a split second this was going to turn into a romcom, then it didn't and I thought oh so he's gonna end up being the molesting type, and it took another, even worse turn. All my premeditations just kept getting crossed out for something worse so I just stopped assuming. My assumptions were actually going to be easier to stomach than how it actually turned out. And how he thought he could get Noa to see things his way too, I guess that's how he met his wife Ann so he probably thought he could pull it off.It's really quite a shocking and decent film, in an unsettling way and I liked it. It's not gory enough to put off an average viewer; it somehow sits on the edge where both a horror fan and non-fan could enjoy the movie. I think they should be a genre for movies like this one, like "Promising Young Woman", or "the invisible man" which I did love but didn't find it frightening enough to call a horror. And this definitely isn't a comedy, I don't know why it's described as such. It's uncomfortable to watch yet entertaining at the same time because it doesn't let itself become unwatchable which it easily could have been and I think that's exquisite directing.
8 If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free thoughts, please follow my blog to read my full review :)"FRESH is an unforgettably shocking start to another Sundance Film Festival, holding all of the characteristics to end up as one of the absolute favorites.Mimi Cave delivers an extraordinarily captivating, assertive directorial debut, taking Lauryn Kahn's original, gruesome screenplay to the next level. Sebastian Stan demonstrates his ludicrous range, while Daisy Edgar-Jones gives a breakthrough performance that may warrant a couple of awards by the end of the festival.With an extremely engaging yet too quick first act, the viewers are immediately grabbed by the endearing love story that slowly builds up to a brutally impactful revelation, leading the movie into a rabbit hole of (in)tense, suspenseful, surprising developments.The last twenty minutes are the definition of insanity."Rating: A-
5 Just as she tires of the dating scene, a woman meets her ideal man ... but he only wants her for her body.Latest episode in the Canadian (and French) obsession with body horror. It's an aesthetic that doesn't happen to appeal to me - each to his own - but when it manages to reveal something about life I'm all ... pierced ears.This opens as a well written rom-com, with a long prologue nicely observing a bad date and the gallows-humour shared by veterans of the dating-trenches. Then it all goes wrong as we plunge in to the psycho-captivity of a serial killer, which leads to a pretty bland sequence of events.The production is stylish, performances good, and the music interesting - sometimes ironic or humorous. A big problem is that the action in the climax is handled ineptly as the actors flounce about to little purpose. But the biggest problem is that it's all one long platitude: through no fault of their own, women are badly treated by men and are entitled to stick up for themselves. And it takes 114 mins to tell us what we knew all along. To make things worse, there's only a vague insight into the killer and the people around him (one of whom appears and disappears without explanation), so the scenario just presents as a flat revenge fantasy. The most intriguing character is the killer's wife, but the reason for her role in the cruelty passes by without a thought.Watch Eat (2014) instead, a genuine body horror with something to say about craziness.
4 This film presents itself as a basic romantic comedy that deteriorates into a dark comedic thriller. What could have been an intriguing horror, however, sadly proves to be just as basic as the premise it begins with. Although the cast does well with what they are given, the most interesting characters are not fully illustrated, creating a missed opportunity to study the characters and their mindsets. This film attempts to be an homage to psychological horror films but lacks the screen presence and insightful characters to do so. The tone is inconsistent, with serious issues being portrayed horrifyingly real while having the killer be over-the-top in his execution. The cinematography while at times spectacular also has a basic look to it that makes the film feel cheap and generic. The film also recycles plot elements of better-executed films, making this one feel lost in the mix. By no means is this an abomination to cinema, but because of its generic characteristics, lacks the elements to feel memorable, creating an overall missed opportunity of an intriguing concept.
5 Daisy Edgar-Jones of "Normal People" fame and Sebastian Stan currently portraying Tommy Lee in "Pam & Tommy" have cemented themselves as favorites in my book, so just seeing their names attached to this project turns this into a must-see. Furthermore, the premise description and trailer are respectful enough not to give out spoilers, and instead the movie actually goes out of its way to keep the mystery until about 50 minutes into the story. When it gets going though, it's all silly, full of contrived moments. However, the one specific revenge act is quite satisfying to watch, I must admit. Overall this is a mixed bag, which you can actually follow along by just having it playing in the background while doing something else.
7 I chose this movie solely based on poster, cast, and hunch. I did not even get to check the genre of it. Gosh, I never thought 'Fresh' means that kind of 'fresh'. The depiction of cannibalism is disgusting enough, but how it is portrayed so normally and calmly except for twenty minutes of ending is more repugnant. (During the movie, I hated myself because I started to accept that all the things in the movie can happen in real life. That's how normal it was.) Maybe the director intended it to emphasize the' horror' and inhumane aspect of the movie.How the director plays out suspense of the film is applaudable. For the first twenty minutes, I truly but effortlessly hoped for romance movie because the chemistry between Noa and Steve is ardent. However, the sudden turn of an event transforms the whole genre and vibes. Music, camera filter, and camera work support the suspenseful story-building.I would've really liked another movie with this level of directing and acting, but dinner scenes of Noa and Steve eating Melissa and all scenes showing meats were too much for me.
7 I'll be honest on this. I didn't really have any high expectations for this movie. Typically speaking critically acclaimed films are usually so boring and bad for the average audience viewer. But "Fresh" I found to be pretty good. It needed to be a little better in parts, but it's a really good thriller movie.I'll jump into what needed improving. I thought the mid section of the film was poor in terms of pacing. The first and last half an hour was really good, the beginning set the scene really well, no dithering about and set the characters out nicely. Then the final half an hour had a lot of intensity and edge of your seat action. But the bit in the middle I found to be slow and not much going on really. I felt it needed a little bit more of a punch to keep you really going, so it felt flat in areas. I also thought that they announced the big "twist" far too early into the plot, so you're left with this big mid section of slowness. Could have really added more if it was just sprinkled up a little better.I felt like they could have really expanded on certain characters a little more. Steve's wife and Molly's bartender mate for example, both served next to no purpose in the plot, but was bigged up to be. They had a good opportunity to add extra character depth in there and really flesh this film out, but they didn't.Other than that though I quite enjoyed it. The acting was really good, on the whole it's an enjoyable watch with some good intensity and the ending was a satisfying one! I didn't for me, but I noticed people were saying this was coming up as a comedy. I can assure you it's not a comedy at all, no idea why it's doing that.But yeah, I would recommend this if you're into thrillers and horror/gore, it'll be up your alley. 7/10 from me, enjoyed my time.
8 2022
18
Director: Mimi Cave
Starring: Sebastian Stan, Daisy Edgar Jones, JoJo Gibbs, Andrea Bang, Dayo Okeniyi, Charlotte Le Bon, etc.Fresh highlights the horrors of modern dating seen through one young women's defiant battle to survive her new boyfriend's unusual appetites. This movie was absolutely messed up but I loved it.The cinematography and camerawork was really creative and refreshing. The set design was great. With a very strong script. The themes of the horrors of modern dating were well explored and truly showcases how dangerous it can be, especially for women. There was some interesting scenes involving a date gone wrong which shows how disrespectful some people can be. The chemistry between Sebastian Stan, Daisy Edgar Jones and JoJo Gibbs was excellent. With brilliant performances from all 3 of them. Daisy delivered an uncomfortable and passionate performance. Plus, Sebastian Stan really delivered a disturbing and unsettling performance here. The set up between the two leads meeting was great. The direction from Mimi Cave was excellent, this was her debut feature film and she has already established a strong visual style and voice for herself. The characters were likeable. With the sudden tonal shift being executed very well.The tone was very intense, uncomfortable and dark. There was some clever character decisions from Steve with good character motivation. The plot development, and balance between the character investigation was great. The score was great, with some messed up plot twists that kept the film interesting and unique. The film had this twisted dark humour that I loved and uncomfortably laughed at a few times. Plus the final act was intense and messed up.I only had a couple of issues. There was a lack of background and more set up to the plot to go deeper with the themes of the film. There was some questionable character decisions, and there was some underdeveloped plot points.Overall, despite parts of the plot leaving more to be desired. Fresh is a fantastic debut for Mimi Cave who delivered something fresh (Had to get it in here somehow) and unique here. With a distinct visual style, messed up and dark themes and intensity, and brilliant performances from the two leads. This was a refreshing original film that is certainly messed up but in a good way.Overall Score: 86/100.
6 ****Legs, arms, butts, and breasts. They even threw a little wang into it. If you find this a bit(e) too much, please wait until Paul (Okeniyi) gets to the house. It was so funny I'm still laughing 2 hours later! Worth watching just for this part alone.
5 This movie is just not good but also not bad. It's in the limbo of mixture of good and bad movies. It's just something... I need more characters for my review so I'm just typing to post this.
8 'Fresh' is very good - strong performances and perfectly chosen music are the main reasons for that.I wouldn't say it's perfect, just because I don't think it nails the split between humour and seriousness but apart from that it's a terrifically made film. Daisy Edgar-Jones and Sebastian Stan give excellent showings, while the music throughout is top notch. It's nicely paced and has an interesting story. Definitely one I'd recommend.
9 It loses its momentum a few times due to one too many subplots but Fresh is an incredibly unique film that balances its extreme tonal shift skillfully, resulting in something equal parts darkly comedic and truly disturbing.Daisy Edgar-Jones gives a superb lead performance with a character that's easy to empathize and root for. She also has great natural chemistry with Sebastian Stan, who is phenomenal in a role that goes completely against his usual type.Mimi Cave's direction is excellent, super stylish and inventive. The soundtrack is amazing, full of songs so ironic for their corresponding scenes it's perfect. The music by Alex Sommers is also great, effectively haunting yet beautiful.
8 This was Insane!!! Sebastian Stan killed it, Boy does he look creepy! Daisy Edgar-Jones, don't know much about her, but she nailed it as well.Both the leads were freaking amazing. Who would tell the film would take such a shady, twisted turn after the first half an hour of mild courtship. Now hear me out, do yourself a favour and go in blind, don't watch any of the trailers, or read any kind of synopsis for that matter as they might spoil the fun. Believe me, if you do just I say, you are in for a bucket full of surprises!If you ask me, I just finished watching it, and I'm sitting in complete silence, don't know what to say, I've lost for words right now. What was that? Like seriously? What was it? Never in my wildest imaginations, I would see such a turn of events panning out. It's been a while since I've got this much of a shock factor from a Movie. I don't remember the last time I was this much bewildered, stunned. Now the film isn't flawless per se, there are indeed some problems yet I must confess, this is one of the best works I have seen in current times.It's gruesome, it's nasty, and it takes pride in showcasing the aspects of Blood & Gore. Be careful though, the film's subject is very much catered towards the people who love gore more than anything else. So, if you are a sensitive person, if the sight of blood or meat makes you uncomfortable, well just keep your distance. As some of the scenes will make you sick to your stomach. Trust me, I would like to share more details, but I won't do that. As a reviewer and a fellow cinephile, I want everybody to watch this. Nevertheless, it's not for the faint-hearted, that's all you wanna know, therefore proceed with caution!
9 'Fresh' explores one of my greatest fears. Ever since I saw a particular scene in 'Hostel: Part 2' the concept has really bothered me. I won't say what it is because the surprise element is one of the great things this movie has going for it. All I'll say is it bothered me greatly.This film works on every level. If it was just a straight up love story, I would've loved it. A love story with a very dark twist though - brilliant. The characters are what sell this. They are given such great dialogue to work with that you can't help but love them.I've found that when a film has the class and audacity to start its opening credits over 30 minutes into the runtime (see also 'Drive my Car') it is almost always a good sign. It's a sign that the film isn't playing by the rules. Nothing is off the cards and anything could happen at any time. I love that.I can't remember the last occasion the runtime of a movie went by so quickly. I loved every minute of this film and can't recommend it highly enough. 9/10.
4 What the hell happened to movies where stuff like this is critically acclaimed?Flat, bad acting. Sebastian Stan is hamming it up, and he's the only decent part of this movie.Awful dialogue and script. For some reason, the screenwriter seems to be half-black, but she wrote every black person like a goddamn stereotype out of 90s RomCom. Such a predictable and generic script that felt like it was written by an AI.Also some decent shots in this movie but overall the movie was very poorly lit and the digital cinematography was flat and ugly. Is it really that hard to shoot on actual film? This director knows her way around a camera but she really does not know how to light a scene (especially at night). Also, this will most likely be some of the worst editing I'll see all year for a movie, I understand what they're going for, but it's incredibly ineffective and distractingI get that this is an "important" film but let's not kid ourselves and act like it's a good movie. 4/10.
7 Noa (Daisy Edgar-Jones) and Mollie (Jojo T. Gibbs) are single best friends in the city. Noa is getting tired after another bad date. When she meets Steve (Sebastian Stan), she decides to give it one more shot but that's a mistake.It's a bit slow at the start. The bad date is more cliche than funny. It takes thirty minutes to get to the opening credits. This needs to get to the point a bit faster. Through it all, I do love the doey-eyed acting of Daisy Edgar-Jones. Sebatian Stan does well playing both ends of the spectrum. I would like for the girls to finish him off sooner but they never do in this type of movies. It's a fine midnight madness movie but it could have pushed harder.
8 Got me wondering whether this really happens irl (probably does). Sebastian Stan and Daisy Edgar-Jones had amazing chemistry that got me rooting for them to get together in the end. The ending gave me great satisfaction though. Overall, Fresh is an amazing thriller that sends a message to not be dumb and use your brain if you want to live.
6 The first scene was a little funny, maybe like 5 minutes, but the rest of the movie was pretty much horror. I don't know why comedy is listed at all? Maybe they think eating people is finny> This movie was pretty brutal and gory. Acting was good and ok story. I don't understand why people comment on woke stuff and politics and so on. It's a horror movie and just review it as such.
1 Wes Craven's '90s cult horror film "Scream" (1996) was a groundbreaking flick that set numerous trends for the future of the horror genre. It was charming, well-acted and coherent, so it was also simply well-written. The first two sequels were good sequels that were fun, managed to keep a lot of the charm of the original and played a game with the endless sequels that were made in that period of horror classics and today have their very peculiar, but quite nice pop cultural value. The last part of the grand master came years later. "Scream 4" (2011) was not quite in the jolt of the original, and incidentally designed as such, trilogy, but was still entertaining and the signature of the director was still noticeable and valuable. Seven years after Wes Craven's death, the franchise is now being driven to the wall by insanely arrogant film producers and the woke age along with its concomitants of lack of respect and lack of originality of its own.But from the beginning. The new Scream film claims to be a "Requel", as it also certainly does not forget to mention permanently in the film in clumsy reference to the self-irony of the original. A "Requel", we are instructed in the film, is a mixture of a sequel and a remake. So far so good, but more on that later.The film actually begins in the classic Scream style and fulfills the one pole of the remake quite alright: an initial murder, which however remains only a murder attempt, the establishment of a circle of friends, (apparent) love for horror films and slasher moments, which now already obviously should not come up short. Then the other pole of a "Requel" comes into play: Connections to the previous parts are built up, old characters are introduced and the myth is dug into as if one were a mole. So it comes out that apparently everything revolves around the previously unknown child of Loomis, one of the two killers from the first part. A classic movie flow is unwound, with allusions to the horror movie world, a classic story progression, and even painfully foreseeable plot developments. As I said, so far so good.As a viewer, you realize that while the weakest film in the series is taking place before your very eyes here, you still don't get the impression that this part was actually going to be particularly bad either. But to err is human, and trusting modern Hollywood productions is about as appropriate for one's health as stabbing one's heart with a long kitchen knife. The finale of the film should become the confirmation of this thesis and concomitantly the destruction of the preceding 85 minutes. Here the filmmakers, i.e. Screenwriters, directors and producers, seem to have succumbed to a premonition that their film would fail. But this lack of self-confidence on the part of the uncreative rascals was simply passed off, and such a thing is increasingly easy to do these days, in an age of wokeness, the desire for dead discourse, and the lack of ability for one's own self-criticism. Once again, the fans of the original and its successors were identified as the world devourers of modern cinematic art, i.e. Those who always raised a franchise to the Everest that today's uncreative filmmakers keep trying to blow up.The finale of "Scream" (2022) pursues the thesis that those fans are always the branches in the gears of the bicycle ridden by the well-heeled and only ever demanding Hollywood aristocrats of today. Those fans who make up the very largest part of a potential audience, and who so far seem to have only made the mistake of passionately liking a franchise. The "Scream" franchise is one such franchise that has been kept alive by such fans, fans who are now portrayed as potentially insane murderers in this new installment. At the same time, they are still too dumb to understand modern movies, such as "The Babadook" (2014), and the derivation for this is that they - watch out, cleverness afoot - are into movies like "Scream" (1996), i.e. Those stupid and bad horror movies.This is admittedly explained in a - attention -
"Requel" by just such a luminary of that time. Well, thank you!The whole thing could have been made humorous and more all-encompassing, perhaps in such a way that modern Woke society gets at least a bit of fat in a reflected way - then you could have taken it self-ironic - but one-sided moralizing of people, the basic ideas of democracy, discussion and the freedom of art is no fun. It's only through the finale that small points in the film that you could have simply overlooked before also start to bother you, but in the retrospective, i.e. After the final viewing of the film, this no longer seems possible. The disrespectful treatment of Dewey (David Arquette), for example, the clumsy man-bashing, i.e. The right-around variant of sexism in the 21st century, and a half-dozen other pandering to a Twitter community, which is 90% sure not a dollar for a tickets to see this film are simply too much of a bad thing. In the end, postulating that the film was made "For Wes" is probably no longer just questionable after having constantly ridiculed one's craft.Those responsible should be ashamed of this film, but since shame obviously hardly seems to be a thing these days, that's not to be expected either way. Just as little as good counter-arguments from those who refuse to communicate and the modern Lancelots of discourse killers. In such a structure one does not need to mention any names. As is well known, fans of 90s horror wrote them on murder slips anyway and exchange them full of hatred in forums in order to throw branches that break the neck of modern film art into the bicycle spokes. Irony off. But irony also seems to be one of those great things that are almost completely lost these days, so what the heck.Arrogant, stupid and certainly without such "unfashionable" values as respect and discourse skills.
4 Not any good? There are a few (A FEW) scenes that are a bit (A BIT) thrilling... BUTThe bad: this is a snoozefest, a sleeping pill. NO horror, NO real suspense, only a few (A FEW) bloody knife cut scenes, that's all folks.More bad: the leading actresses in this movie are totally bland and lacking charisma.It didnt help the movie either by reintroducing the old (good) actors, because they look lost in this movie now they are this old.Better watch one of the old editions, because this sequel is quite a bummer.
1 Well, you know those remakes that are basically the same thing as the first movie, only remove all plot, all elements of satire, and dumb down what is left while inserting a healthy dose of politics minus the dark satire that came with the original film?You know, like Ghostbusters 2016, Robocop, Matrix 4, The Force Awakens.... yadda yadda yadda?Well, this is one of those movies. It's one of those movies that you knew was going to suck when you walked in and you only saw it because you are married to a Millennial?Yeah, it's one of those.
4 Scream 5 (idiotically titled Scream) when it's a sequel, is honestly a bad slasher and one of the worst of the franchise, a disgrace to the first one, how does it have a 7.2?Scream 5 is one of the most predictable slashers I've ever seen, it follows the basic slasher playbook (which we all expected) and thought it could disguise it with just how meta it is.Honestly, it's one of the least cinematic slashers I've ever seen, almost every character shot is close up, like the film couldn't afford wide angle lenses, I could make a 5 minute short film with my phone and it would be better shot than this piece.Also, we have the worst Ghostface(s) since the one in Scream 3, their motivations were terrible and incredibly unexplained, also, how the actual tarnation did the one girl survive getting shot 3 times and burned on the stove? No one would survive that, she didn't even have anything to put her out with.I haven't even gotten to the terrible acting, the only ones who did a good job were Neve Campbell and Courtney Cox, great as always.It's also extremely sanitized for a requel, I thought it would take some risks, nope, it only kills 1 major character from the franchise, it pulled all the punches and played it safe, which was very disappointing.We've seen this 4 times before, a copy and paste variant of one of the greatest slashers ever, and the ending is one of the most predictable I've ever seen because we all knew what was going to happen?If the killers were good killers they would've killed the girls while they could, their motivations were just like everyone else's.Terrible acting, an extremely formulaic plot line, and a bad filming style make this film one of the worst of the franchise.And I'm gonna give Scream 5, a D+👎
1 As an avid Twitter user, it was a tough ordeal avoiding spoilers and the reveal of the killer(s). But now I understand it wasn't worth it. The killer reveal wasn't surprising at all, I actually hated that reveal, it was so clumsy and stupid.This film was more meta than the previous installments, not only they referenced Stab movies, but they also referenced past four Scream entries as in meta terms. The script was good when explaining the rules, meta aspects and the main "requel" trope, but when it comes to actual dialogues, it faltered most of the time.I loved Jenna Ortega's performance, she was outstanding. But I didn't liked the rest of the cast's performances, they were boring and annoying.One of the biggest letdowns in horror legacy sequels of this year, after Texas Chainsaw Massacre (2022).I hope Scream 6 will be going to turn over a new leaf to this franchise.
1 Scream 5, more like Scream The Remake, as this is literally, like literally, the Same thing All over Again!And you expect me to ENJOY this Disney Remake? Yea no thank u very much, for I will NOT enjoy this "horror" comedy movie.
1 The lead character couldn't act even when she was stabbed. The older characters looked bored and in for the paycheck. The high ratings are paid for. That's all I cared to write but I needed to fill in more characters.
1 A terrible sequel (re-quell??!), a terrible stand alone, a terrible cheap hit on the nostalgia string, and a terrible meta-movie!What kind of a killer that moves in his costume in a hospital, kills in plain sight in daylight, too week to get repeatedly hit by slender girls, yet too strong to overpower strong men, and even kill one fire armed deputy while hit with four bullets in the chest??What kind of a "stab survivor" shoots the serial killer in the chest, and doesn't even care to go see his face neither does any of his companions, yet he delivers other victims to the elevator and walks back dramatically because he just remembers "you always have to shoot them in the head"????Stop wasting our time!
1 A lane and unnecessary sequel. There is absolutely nothing here worth mentioning. A generic horror film to say the least. The new characters are generic and nothing to care about. The older characters- the ones we do care about- are barely in it. It's just not of the same caliber as the original trilogy. They should've stopped at part 3.
4 So, after waiting nearly 11 years since Scream 4 back in 2011, we finally get another Scream film, Scream 5, stupidly named Scream & even mocks the title in itself in the film but you'll hear about that later.The film follows another series of Ghostface Killings that are somehow connected to the new characters of the new generation & so with the help of the Original Characters, they all try to piece together who is doing this & why.I found the film to be mostly disappointing, I pains me to say that but it could've been so, so much better.The Pros:The homage to the Original Scream Films including the first one were ace. You knew immediately as soon as the film started what ones were what, the traits, the script, the scenes themselves, everything that paid homage was ace.The gore was full on in this one & I loved it. Better than the other Scream Films in terms of gore anyway...The opening was good & creative & again, the homage to the original film was also a plus for that reason alone.The kills were pretty brutal & the 18+ was a pleasant surprise.The Cons:The Story & it's twist sucked & here's everyone saying Scream 4's Story & Motivations were kak seriously.The film's kills were too few & far between. Too much chatty, blah, blah, blah scenes. It also seemed the male characters were getting killed off more easily than the female ones were.The characters were unlikeable, a lot of them were whiny & up themselves. Which brings me to the main trio who by the way were used too sparingly to the point where the film didn't even feel like a Scream Film at all & more of a cheap Netflix Film.The pacing was off a little & the runtime wasn't justified at 1 hour & 48 minutes.The Cinema Snob digs when referencing other crappy Horrors like Babadook, The Witch etc were unneeded.The film itself didn't feel very Scream like at all & again the lacking of the original characters had a good chunk to do with this. It felt too modern & wacky & too generic & out there to differentiate it from other slashers preferably to those on Netflix.The ending was a dumb & just plain embarrassing. All the women lived & all the men died typical.And the cherry on the cake, Dewey getting killed off!! That! Was! BAD!! I mean seriously, why him!? Why not Gale or someone else!? No, it had to be him & in such a callous way too!! That for me was the biggest downfall, if it weren't for that, then I would've gave the film a higher rating, but nah, that was a massive middle finger to the fans if ever we saw it!Overall, it's disappointing & it pains me to say that, it's definitely my least favourite now as of this date! The story sucked, the twists & motivations was weak to forgettably bad & the death of Dewey was just the final nail in the coffin.Give it a watch, but honestly I'd steer clear of this one if you love the previous 4. Scream 4 for me will always be the best one & the last true Scream Film before it went down hill in this instalment. 4/10.
4 Didnt know what to expect when going in. Didnt see any trailers since they spoiler so much. I did see a few people praise the movie but still kept my expectation neutral.Going in, the opening scene was underwhelming. This actress is so damn irritating in anything i see her in, and she didn't fail at being a pain in my side through out the movie. Do you know how disappointed i was when i found out this broad was still alive. The only thing decent about the opening was how brutal it was but the bad acting ruined it. The kills were the only positive thing about the movie as whole, ghost face was bad ass and the jumpscares always caught me off guard. Ghost face was literally the only good thing about this, because every character in this was LAME. I honest to god did not like anyone. It was difficult to root for anyone. The leading lady was one dimensional, her sister was annoying and a bad actress, her friends were wack and forgettable, sidney prescott was an after thought. The only exception was the car scene with the guy wanting to leave town, and forget the inhaler.Why did they bring back billy loomis as an imaginary friend/ghost and basically make him a hero. Why did they give billy loomis a daughter. The killer reveal was underwhleiming, and the motive was stupid and lazy. It was so dumb and random and added no depth to the series. And the part where the girl came back to life after catching fire was goofy.They should have made the black girl the killer cause there was one scene in the basement that could have been unsettling but the potential was taken away. The whole movie was just characters cracking jokes about who was or wasn't the killer, and when you finally find who it is its a letdown. And their ''motive'' makes it even worse.
19 February 2022 This film is a slasher that requires you to turn your brain off. It is silly at times, and the plot is just very unlikely. It may be alright to kill some time with it.
10 I consider 'Scream' to be one of the most consistent film series in existence. To get the same director to direct the first four films of a horror series is basically unheard of. And even the third film, which is pretty consistently considered to be the weakest entry, is still a very fine film. It just had the almost impossible task of following up two of the best horror films ever made. So could the series survive the incredibly sad passing of Wes Craven, and come up with the goods for a fifth entry? You better believe it could.The pacing of this film is incredible. When it came time for the final act I couldn't believe it. I felt robbed. I looked at my watch and sure enough roughly 90 minutes had passed. But it felt more like 30. I can't confirm this is accurate, but this felt like the film with the most screen-time for Ghostface. He was quite relentless in this film.Also the film is brutally violent. That probably sounds like a silly thing to say about a 'Scream' film, but it felt like they took it up a notch this time around. Some of the kills are absolutely ruthless and frankly a little hard to look at. I loved every second of it.The film is also hilarious. Almost every joke they attempt lands. Dewey is undoubtedly the funniest one, but the other cast members certainly have their moments too. There are a lot of clever in-jokes as well (referring to things like David Arquette and Courtney Cox's divorce) that are just subtle enough to work. I really like that kind of stuff.I was very happy when I heard the director's of 'Ready or Not' would be taking on this film, because that was a very impressive movie and proved they had the chops to take on a film this important. If they are interested in carrying the series forward I would be very happy to for that to be the case.One small criticism I have to mention unfortunately. This is the second 'Scream' film in a row that has done it too. What is with the empty hospitals? A decent chunk of this movie takes place in a hospital and every time it is convenient there isn't a soul in sight. I love the eerie setting it creates, however it can be just a little too unrealistic to stomach.This is only the second film I've ever been to where the audience has given a standing ovation at the end. It did help that it was opening night, and the audience seemed to be very switched on to the in-jokes (telling me that they are likely big fans of the series). But I genuinely think they were just blown away by the quality of the film. This is a no doubt 10/10 for me. Wes would be proud.
4 But better than Scream 4, for going exactly where it wanted to. The criticism on the horror genre is clumsy. The kills are not very inventive, and some of it are disappointing and unrealistic. How can you survive so many stab wounds?!... The drama felt a lot like a soap opera. And the shocking death, really got me, until the next scene. The new cast is dull, and if it wasn't for the trilogy characters coming back, you would have no one to really root for. And to be honest, none of them were that worthy. The acting is overall subpar. Even Courteney Cox, who's used to giving better performances, disappointed me. But it has a lot to do with the material given to her. The killer's reveal and motives are lackluster. And the passionate speech about the genre, felt like white noise and too far fetched. I say the original trilogy remains unscathed, because this new movie is NOTHING like it, and from very different backgrounds. Which shows on several aspects of the script and its protagonists. And the way they talk and interact. But it definitely has enough callbacks and reminders of previous sequels, to escape the harshest of criticisms. It tried something different and similar at the same time. And is the only recent horror movie, I really enjoyed watching, since I don't even know how long. As it is free of any agendas or unnecessary politics. But it unfortunately does not have any of the charm and genuineness of the Craven/Williamson's movies...
Why are my upvotes disappearing?...
5 I don't know where the hype is coming from. Its not that i hate the movie or anything, but its just more of the same thing. Its a bloody slasher film, the acting is average, the killings are predictable, and the story is the same. Its a rehash of every other scream movie, its not bad, its just nothing new and frankly that makes it a little on the boring side.
1 I liked 1-3 Scream films I thought their were very good olden days horror films I grew up with. I thought first one was just better start fresher classic horror film by Wes Craven and noticing Easter eggs from any other Horror film fantastic, 2nd and 3rd I liked but now I can deal with those sequels now. I thought sadly movie sucked, ruined half way threw old characters are just props now I know it was to do something different but it brought NOTHING different on table, it was one of worser sequel then to 4th film at least 4th back in 2011 witch I knew movie would suck I didn't see it until at this year before 5th was released, 4th did suck so many reasons. But at least you have comeback with old characters that's its it simple as that before Wes Craven Died, even if Wes was a alive made this movie exact sameway he can't save this movie or at least he would bring up a different idea. Everyone likes and
loves this movie is because it's a Reunion from first film, it's a Nostalgia witch means bringing back the past from first film that's why everyone loved it then somehow in trailer got 4 stars???? 4 stars for this crap I don't know how in earth this made so much money in Box Office, I don't even freaking how in earth this got pass???? What was soo Great about this 5th film?? It felt too rushed, story felt very rushed, it was lazy
suspense, lazy ideas all it did was just a redo from first Scream film all over again with all this Reunion expect you have characters Related from first one that's it. Their was no shocking moments expect. Believe me you won't be surprised about this sequel at all. Story does still follows from 2011 4th Scream film Tara Carpenter (Jenna Ortega) was home alone staying at Kitchen as always then a strange phone call happens then she hangs up gets threat text messages, if she doesn't pick up or hangs up her friend will Die then she got attacked by Ghostface and she survives I givethat credit and it is something different to table to that because in every opening of Scream movies at start of film they just Die but at least in this one made it different Tara Survives, you have an older estranged sister Sam Carpenter (Melissa Barrera) finds out that in files or Boxes she Discovered that Billy Loomis from very, first Scream film is her father Sam then tells Tara that Billy is her biological father after discovering the truth years prior, which resulted in their parents separation and why Sam became estranged from her.She's been dealing with hallucinations of Billy Loomis witch she sees him in her vision anywhere in mirror looking like same character from 1st character but expect he aged a bit doesn't look any younger at all... you have other characters that were related to character Randy from 1st and 2nd film Mindy Meeks-Martin (Jasmin Savoy Brown) and Mason Gooding (Chad Meeks-Martin) as in they have Uncle Randy you have relatives from Randy those characters I never cared about, you have Wes Hicks (Dylan Minnette) related to other character from Scream 4 as the son to
Sheriff Judy Hicks (Marley Shelton) from 4th Scream becomes Sheriff now in moment you will be surprised what happened to them in half way of movie that was something different. You have Richie Kirsch (Jack Quaid) as boyfriend to Sam character, Amber Freeman (Mikey Madison) known for Once upon time in Hollywood plays the Susan "Sadie" Atkins one of Charlie Manson killers play's in this movie. You have original characters back Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell), Dewey Riley (David Arquette), Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox) back in film but they don't appear like in middle of movie they are just sadly used and wasted like props. Your lead character is Sam Carpenter with her boyfriend trying to find out why is Ghostface is after her. In this movie is just stupid it's like what is happening nowadays scene where you have Randy Niece Mindy talking about requels, sequels like Terminator, Ghostbusters, Jurassic Park everything you name. You have Dewey back but not in good way he play's a loser, living in trailer, has a put on weight has put on gut, so writers just made him like a loser you have 1 scene with him and Gale, you have that score song from 2nd scream film Hans Zimmer theme from Broken Arrow film staying as Nostalgic as it canyou will be Disappointment what happened to Dewey he gets killed off completely he doesn't survive I am like??? You didn't need to kill off Dewey just to shock audience other characters survived stabs a lot of times they get brutally stabbed like you thought they were Dead already but they weren't new characters can live they got stabbed a lot of times but Dewey nah he has to Die off to shock everyone because they out of ideas?? That's different??? Just because it's different doesn't mean it's always good, you want something different for this 5th crap make Dewey as lead and Sidney as cameo kill off Gale have Dewey go out for revenge... that's it simple that's different or kill off Sidney if your out of ideas Directors or writers... I reckon it shocked enough when they killed off Wes Hicks and Sheriff Judy Hicks that was shocking she got more times then to Dewey. Threw out film you have same house, same place like in first one house party, samething someone goes by themselves in basement to get Beers, you see miles and miles and miles awayAmber Freeman is the Killer I saw that miles away from beginning of movie I knew she was killer of how shifty she was and how she was acting staff like that I knew she was killer, I knew Sam boyfriend is killer before they got to House from first film. It's tattooed to Amber head killer she looks like a freaky killer. You have same moments where Mindy is sitting and watching first Scream does samething like what Randy does look behind you, while Ghostface slowly comes behind Randy but it does that Mindy I doubt Scream 6 they will kill off Mindy or Chad in next sequel.... and movie ends sameway like 1st film did, same jump scene with jumpscene then play's roll credits showing actors names with footage from 5th film. Unbelievable how ruined it is, how lazy it is even title is Scream why don't they call it Scream 5 now it's Scream and Scream ??? If someone is new to watch this franchise they don't even know witch one is witch??? To start with it would be funny if someone starts to watch this movie then person gets surprised this is sequel from past 4 movies... very lazy suspense, lazy character direction, using original characters from 1-4 as cameos as props sadly to say.... if you loved Scream franchise your curious about this movie DON'T EVER SEE IT at all just ended with 3rd film witch is perfect ending and it didn't need no more Scream films after 4th film or 5th film just best to end it with 3rd that's it... if you hated 4th film don't even think about seeing 5th film reason why i wanted to watch it is because i was curious i had free time, and also i was out for friends so yeah saw it for free... even i was lucky don't even spend a dollar until it's out on Netflix.7.1 i wish that was joke.
2 I should have known, its so easy to see who the 2 killers are and nothing new on this one.The first movie was pretty good the other ones all failures.
1 If you're a fan, of anything, especially horror movies this is an attack against you. They take a crap on everything that is not only fandom, but on horror movies in general. They give you the middle finger because you want to see something worth paying your hard earned dollars to see, but they don't care about that. They care about "The Message" that is all that is relevant in this movie.The slapped together story makes no sense. None. During this film they attempt to be Meta but comes off as lame and cheep let alone the fact that they're constantly either digging at the original or horror movies in general. They take all the "tropes" of the prior movies and try to either mash them or smash them. They try to throw twists that are seen from the start. It's terrible writing and worse yet the survival rate of this horror is nothing of actual horror movies. Most everyone survives, the littlest girls are tougher than most men I know. Meanwhile they just hate on either the prior movies, or hate on you (a fan).The people who made this are straight out attacking you within the dialogue and story. Meanwhile propping up their own "Message" ideals while at the same time drawing nothing of sensibilities, or reality. IE: How does someone take a kick to a recently broken leg, and a kick to a stomach that's been stabbed and stay standing? Because she's a tough female and can take it. Meanwhile to say there is no adults minus the original (fanservice characters). They disrespect everything that built this movie to be a franchise, then to dedicate it to Wes Craven was an insult.They seriously insult the fans of Wes, they insult his work, they insult fans in general simply because you love it. Meanwhile they're happy to profit from it. Don't watch this. It's a piss on everything including the audience.
8 Right off the bat I have to say, this is about as perfect of a sequel as I can remember. I had a smile on my face for most of the movie, except the parts where my jaw dropped. High-quality filmmaking all around.They managed to make a fresh new entry in the franchise while somehow keeping the same feel as the originals. Everything feels natural, nothing feels forced. You would think the meta aspect is old by now, but nothing is old if it's done well. It has one of the most meta scenes in movie history, and I loved it. It's funny, awesome and creepy, constantly keeping you at the edge of your seat.I can't believe I'm saying this, but this fifth entry in the franchise is my favorite. I liked them all except for Scream 3, but this feels better in so many ways.The writing is extremely clever, to the point where it feels like they're toying with the audience, and the audience likes it! No more stupid character decisions like the previous sequels. In fact, there are numerous moments where the characters do the smartest thing possible.But what's the biggest improvement? The kills in this movie are all brutal. If there was a Scream kills ranking, this movie would have almost every top spot. It made me so happy (what does that say about me? Lol).I had a blast with this movie. I can't wait to watch it again. Other writers, directors and studios need to study this case and apply it to all future sequel attempts. This is how it's done.Edit: I watched it again before it left Ultrascreen. I had the entire theater to myself :)When it comes to mysteries, you worry that the second time around won't be nearly as good. But I liked it even better. I noticed so many things. All of the brutal kills still made my jaw drop and the big moments still gave me the feels.This movie is so fast-paced. It's almost two hours long but flies by because it's filled with story and kills. I complain about so many movies because not enough happens, there isn't much movie "substance." In this movie, stuff happens. A lot.They did an amazing job with making Ghostface such an intimidating presence. Every time Ghostface is on the screen, the movie gives you the feeling, "yes, it's time to poop your pants." (2 viewings, opening night 1/13/2022, 1/31/2022)
5 Of course I have seen the previous "Scream" movies way before I sat down to watch the 2022 movie "Scream" from writers James Vanderbilt and Guy Busick. But I have to be honest, I haven't been much of a fan of the "Scream" franchise, though I have seen the movie on the account of it being horror movies. So I wasn't really harboring much of any expectations to the 2022 movie.And with good cause, because directors Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett didn't really deliver anything that haven't been seen previously in the numerous "Scream" movies. Sure, there were new characters in the storyline, but essentially it was just the same old soup boiled on flavorless bones. So if you have seen the previous movies, you have essentially already seen the 2022 movie "Scream" as well. But chances are, that if you are a fan of the franchise, then you certainly will find some greater enjoyment in this 2022 addition to the franchise than I did.The storyline, while it certainly was watchable, just was too mundane and generic. And it was essentially just the same routine done again, but with new faces. Oh, and with some recurring faces too to reprise the 'legacy' characters, as they were called in the movie.For a horror movie, then the 2022 movie "Scream" just wasn't outstanding, and it is a movie that quickly will fade from my memory now that I have seen it. But then again, this wasn't a movie that I was particularly looking forward to getting to watch.The acting performances in the movie were good, and that goes for both the new cast and the former "Scream" stars returning to reprise their characters. I will say that it was most certainly David Arquette that put on the most memorably performance in this movie.Sure, the 2022 "Scream" movie caters to the fans of the franchise. But for us casual viewers that have seen the previous movies or at least have familiarity with the franchise, then this 2022 movie was just sort of mundane. I am sure that if you are new to the franchise, then the 2022 movie "Scream" is a good movie.I have to say that, for me personally, then "Scream" felt like a fully and wholly unnecessary movie.My rating of "Scream" lands on a mediocre five out of ten stars.
1 Clearly most of these reviews are paid reviewers. It's absolutely insane how something as mediocre and predictable as this one gets love and in the same vein people diss or hate 2-4.How did the directors cast and wrote this movie?1. "It's like in Silence of the Lambs when Jodie Foster had visions of her dead father" LETS MAKE BILLY HAVE A CAMEO AS THE DEAD FATHER!2. "Why can't I be in a Meg Ryan movie..." LETS CAST MEG RYAN SON AND MADE HIM THE KILLER!3. "We all go a little bit mad sometimes." - Lets add a Psycho Shower Scene4. "Horror movies don't create psychos it makes them more creative!" The Stab Movies created 2 psychos and made them not creative one bit.5. Lets make them ALL related to the original cast.Freaking dreadful. Anyone defending this movie clearly cannot be a fan of the original 4 movies. The fact I'm in the minority shows exactly we haven't had a good sequel in 11 years and probably won't ever again.The good parts: always nice seeing the OG3 in the limited and poorly written role (are these even the same characters???? Wtf), the brutalness was good but kills were not memorable or suspenseful. The eastereggs.The bad parts: no suspense, no twists, no surprises, annoying leads, horrible retcon of billy cheating on sid, almost no screentime for any of the characters that die so you don't care.This franchise is done for. Rest in peace Wes, we would never had gotten this if you were around.
1 I went to see this movie with my son and hoped it would be a descent movie. I like the old ones from the 90s. I think they were good and entertaining and made something new out an old and tired genre.I assume the director of this "movie" intended to update the movie with things that didn't exist in the 90s like mobile phones and GPS but the movie stills feels very much stuck in the 90s.In a bad way that is.What was cool 1996 is not necessarily cool today, This movies is certainly not cool. At all.I feel embarrassed watching this dog of a movie. When we saw it a cinema in central Stockholm I saw at least 10 people walking out of the cinema. I am surprised it wasn't more.The actors were totally worthless, the script doesn't make any sense, the ending is the most pathetic and useless ending in the history of cinematography. I mean, come on, they could have come up with ANYTHING and it would have been better than this crap.The "movie" is not scary at all, there are some lazy jump scares, some silly infantile attempt to humour but it failed miserably. The movie is too long which makes it slow and boring.Don't even get me started on the script and the plot holes, There are plot holes here greater than the pacific ocean. The guy that wrote this drivel should drive a bus instead....This is truly a horror movie but not in the way the director thought. This movie is a horror in badness, laziness, "we put some crap together, the kids will watch it anyway" bad.Stay far away from this awful so called "movie" unless you wanna feel embarrassed, bored to death and loose two hours of your life like i did.Scream (why not Scream 5, you morons?) is an utterly bad movie,
1 I turned it off after 15-20 minutes of watching and do not recommend this movie to watch for the sake of your precious life time.What is "Scream" (2022)?It is the same as "Halloween" (2018) a reincarnation of the old Horror and Thriller to make money. No hook, no twists in a plot, nothing catchy, but a lot of parallels with "Scream" (1996) and of course some original cast.Is it a cash-grab?Sadly and unfortunately but yes.Is it worth watching?It really depends on your taste but the scenario is very poor and contains expected moves from the cast. It is similar to "Purge" movies, when it started it was interesting but by the time every new movie is worse, and worse.P. S: With the amount of the remakes, mainstream trendy $#it, and cash grab staff, we most likely should expect a new "Scary Movie" ;)
2 So nowadays Hollywood is devoid of ideas, either remakes, new versions or anniversary rehashes seem more common than new films, horrors especially have declined as people seem scared to push the actual limit of what will or won't offend the new weak generation.Scream is a classic, obviously not talking Oscar level etc but it's a classic franchise with a good following and a recognisable legendary mask.This film tries to break the fourth wall like deadpool but if it's possible they're actually in door 74 as it's just cringey self aware nonsense. Explaining why and who and linking it was so lazy, it could've been literally written by a child. It's just not really a new film in the real sense.What's ironic is it isn't clever or witty and it's actually just a bit of a shame, a lot of below par acting, too many cliche acknowledgements to catch out the audience and the same tired super loud sounds to get jump scares rather than doing anything actually scary.The acting was abysmal, the story was a weak re hash trying to appeal to the current stupid generation. The injuries and recovery were inconsistent and ridiculous with who can deal with pain etc.It was really predictable to, it wasn't even a swerve it was like yeah it's obviously you guys, I mean duh!Stop ruining franchises by appealing to a generation who don't appreciate anything and think a hair cut last week was retro. It's weak, disappointing and too self aware to be entertaining.It was slow,dull, predictable, did make a couple of attempts at gory kills but nothing that was creative or dramatic.Do not understand the high score except it was a blast to see ghost face again.Lazy. Pointless. Arrogantly self indulgent, appeals to the social media morons and not true fans. Acknowledging the scream logic to then do it worse is just ridiculous.
4 I found it quite boring donno why? I haven't watched all the movies of scream movie series but I have watched the first and this one. But both feels like similar. Moreover,this one is awfully bad. It's hard to keep the focus on.
10 I was not prepared for how much this new version of "West Side Story" would affect me.I've seen the original Robert Wise version a billion times, and I've seen the musical performed on stage as well. In both, I thought the Maria/Tony storyline was actually pretty boring, mostly because they're boring characters. They're just there to anchor the more colorful story that takes place around them, with the gang rivalry between the Sharks and the Jets giving the show all of its best songs and dances. So the biggest surprise to me with this new version is how vested I felt in what happened to Maria and Tony, and how much I wanted to see them be together even while knowing they wouldn't be. Rachel Zegler and Ansel Elgort have off the charts chemistry together, and their version of "Tonight" was so thrilling it was like hearing the song for the first time.The original version of "West Side Story" was an imbalanced affair, with Rita Moreno and George Chakiris stealing the show out from everyone around them. Ariana DeBose doesn't exactly steal the show, but man does she admirably fill the daunting shoes left behind by Moreno. But this version's biggest revelation is Mike Faist in the role of Riff. Anita is such a dynamic part that it's easy to shine in it, but Faist finds depths in the character of Riff that I never would have guessed were there based on any previous incarnation of the material.I wasn't sure how an antiquated musical set in the 1950s about gang members who dance rather than shoot each other could possibly feel anything other than dated in today's world, but this movie has a right place/right time feel to it. Themes of gentrification, racial hatred, gun violence, and a generation of kids being raised by crappy parents pretty much still applies as much to the world we live in now as it did the world of the 1950s.This is a soaring, gorgeous, cinematic updating of a well worn property that manages to stay very faithful to its roots while justifying its being remade.Grade: A+
6 Some classics just can't be remade. Attempts at re-creating On the Waterfront, Gone with the Wind, Lawrence of Arabia would be acts of futility trading on the ghosts past. Such is the case with the remake of West Side Story. Flexing his power and pride director Steven Spielberg with the song book at his side flails away at making bigger better with a grimier edge but with little new to add.Avoiding comparison is impossible and Spielberg botches matters from the opening scene that linger until he takes it to the streets in a rousing presentation of "America." The remake then makes a mess of the dance scene Maria Tony hook-up by retreating behind the stands followed-up by a train wreck performance of Officer Krupke. By the time Rita Moreno becomes an odd choice to croak out "Somewhere," it's apparent this version for the new generation short changes.The actors to their credit do their own singing and Rachel Zegler as Maria is outstanding with Ariana DeBose's Anita earning acting honors but the rest of the cast simply lacks the charisma that Chakiris, Moreno and Tamblyn supplied in the original.The production value is naturally top notch but the choreography no better and while lengthier by ony 3 minutes it seems far longer as Spielberg adds copious amounts of Spanish and an extra tune to the proceedings with some half baked social consciousness that flattens the rhythm of the film, zapping energy. West Side Story "21" is not without its stirring moments but at the end of the day remains a glossy study in redundancy.
8 Greetings again from the darkness. My 'old school' nature causes me to cringe at the thought of classic films being remade. Why mess with something that's already beloved? However, since we know this happens (and will continue to happen), let's at least breathe a sigh of relief that a true lover of cinema and one of our legendary filmmakers, Steven Spielberg, is responsible for this one. Teaming once again with screenwriter Tony Kushner (MUNICH, LINCOLN), the love and admiration of the 1957 stage production, its music, and the 1961 film (by Robert Wise) shine through in this beautiful presentation. It's Spielberg's 35th movie, yet it's his first musical. You will note a few changes from the stage production and 60 year old movie, but the timing of a couple of songs, more realistic brawling, and additional on-location scenes all blend seamlessly into this lovely version.Kushner's adaption of Arthur Laurents' original work contributes to the contemporary, yet nostalgic feeling. It maintains the "Romeo and Juliet" story of star-crossed lovers at the core of a turf battle between the Sharks (Puerto Ricans) and Jets (white immigrants), which is driven by a prejudice stirring the hatred that leads to conflict. Sound familiar? It could be taken from the local news headlines just about any day over the past few years. What also hasn't changed is that the Sharks and Jets are so blinded by hate and pride that they can't see how much they have in common, with the same loss looming. In fact, the point is driven home in the film's opening. Cinematographer and two-time Oscar winner Janusz Kaminski (SCHINDLER'S LIST, SAVING PRIVATE RYAN) has his camera soaring and swooping to show us the neighborhood and ongoing demolition before zeroing in on a sign "Property Purchased by New York City for Slum Clearance". It comes in like a wrecking ball (literally). The two factions are fighting over turf that will soon be transitioned to Lincoln Center and high dollar real estate.Ansel Elgort stars as Tony, the former leader of the Jets attempting to find a new path for his life after spending a year in prison for nearly killing an Egyptian immigrant in a rumble. Rachel Zegler, in a remarkable silver screen debut, stars as Maria, a bright-eyed Puerto Rican who sees the upside to limitless opportunity. Early on, we get our first conflict between the rival gangs, which introduces us to Riff (a terrific Mike Faist) as the quick-tempered Jets leader so desperate to protect the neighborhood, and Bernardo (a dynamic David Alvarez), Maria's older brother and proud leader of the Sharks - whose goal is to carve out a place in the new land as equal citizens. That first brawl gives Spielberg a chance to show off the choreography, as well as the new approach to fight scenes, which are less balletic and more bone-crunching. It's also the first run-in with local cops, Officer Krupke (Brian d'arcy James) and Lt. Schrank (Corey Stoll), neither of whom have much empathy or respect for the two gangs.Tony (Ansel Elgort has a physical resemblance to Richard Beymer from the original film) and Maria get their 'eyes lock across the gymnasium during the dance' moment that really lights the candle for the big rumble. Of course, this is one of the most famous musicals of all-time, and the songs have become iconic. Elgort is handsome and has a smooth singing voice, but it's Ms. Zegler whose voice transcends and sounds heaven sent. If there is a negative, it's that no one will be able to sing along with her, as she hits notes most can only dream of. Listening to her sing is reward enough. Beyond the singing, it's the dance choreography that most recall, and although eclipsing what we saw in the original movie is beyond reach, the work of this cast will not likely disappoint anyone. The dance numbers are exhilarating and colorful. It's energized entertainment with a message.Ariana DeBose is outstanding as Anita, and takes the lead on "America", one of the most inspiring and fun musical numbers ever on screen. In addition to her singing and dancing, Ms. DeBose delivers a superb performance in the role that won an historic Oscar for Rita Moreno in the 1961 film. Sixty years later, the now 89 year old Ms. Moreno appears as Valentina, the widow of Doc. She now runs Doc's Drug Store and is acting as surrogate mother to Tony. It's certainly no cameo, and though Ms. Moreno doesn't have a dance number, she does get to sing "Somewhere", and this time is on the heroic end of the rape scene. She is the connective fiber to the original film and delivers a heart-warming performance, and is a strong presence where needed.Other key supporting roles are Chino, Maria's would-be suitor, played by Josh Andres Rivera, and 'Anybodys', played by Iris Menas in a non-binary rather than tomboyish portrayal of the one skulking in the shadows. It's no surprise that Riff and Bernardo and Anita are the heftiest roles, and all three actors nail their parts. The big (and pleasant) surprises are newcomer and future star Rachel Zegler and the return of Ms. Moreno. Zegler sings "I Feel Pretty" while working the cleaning crew at Gimbel's, and her divine sweetness gets blown away in the finale, exhibiting an acting range that complements that voice.The always stunning score from composer Leonard Bernstein sounds amazing as performed by the New York Philharmonic, and much of original choreographer Jerome Robbins' work is reproduced here. It's unfortunate that renowned lyricist Stephen Sondheim passed away mere days before the premiere, but his work lives on through new voices. "Tonight" and "Cool" both receive fresh treatments and are standouts in this version. The 1961 film won 10 Oscars, including Best Picture, and there is little doubt this remake will receive consideration in numerous categories, including Production Design and Costume Design. Spielberg opted to go with a more ethnically appropriate cast (no Natalie Wood-type in heavy make-up), and there is some Spanish dialogue without subtitles (the acting and situation keep us clear). It's a nostalgic, yet contemporary version that may not have you singing, "Krup You!", but will have you in awe with the story, dancing, music, acting, and story.Opening in theaters on December 10, 2021.
9 The only thing more magnificent and brazen than this timeless classic remake is Steven Spielberg! To take such a project on what many consider one of the greatest films of all time with such command and direction is something only Spielberg could do. Notwithstanding the superb acting , lighting , sets and choreography, the cinematography is absolutely tremendous. Although some liberties were taken apart from the original 1961 version , they are not really worth mentioning. However, the emotional ending seemed a tad rushed and detached. That Moreno can ascend a ladder is in itself incredible given her age. I absolutely loved this movie 🍿 🍿 🍿 🍿!!!
8 Not having seen the stage production of "West Side story" or its first film version, which I understand is regarded as a classic, I really don't have a point of comparison for this new film version of the long-running musical theatre staple. Of course, with the US being so effective at exporting its pop culture around the world, I was aware of songs and scenes from the original Hollywood film, which had positive associations for me, even though I live in Australia.The story was inspired by a much earlier tale, which I won't mention here because...spoilers. In any case, the second film version (presumably...at least as far as US film versions go) of this story is set in a slum in New York in the 1950s (the "West Side" of the title). The setting is very nicely established, with an opening shot of some partially destroyed buildings which a sign states are being demolished to make way for the gentrification of the area. The flats in the high-rise buildings nearby have a suitably "slummy" look without the aesthetic being overdone. From out of this no man's land emerges what turns out be a gang of Anglo background, known as "The Jets". You can tell that they they are bad because they soon terrorise the neighbourhood with dancing and singing, with no one daring to stop them. It has to be said, at this point, the realisation of a musical in the modern era hasn't lost my interest. Fit young blokes dancing and singing and clicking their fingers in time in the streets of a big city doesn't seem all that ridiculous now.We soon learn that The Jets have a rival group which they want to remove from 'their turf', a gang known as "The Sharks", which are of Puerto Rican ethnicity. The basis of The Jets' animosity to The Sharks is basically an issue of race (and that is also the basis of the police department's animosity towards The Sharks as well). The Sharks do not 'belong' in the US and they should 'go back to where they came from'. The first encounter we see between these two rival gangs is a violent one and it's pretty clear that things will escalate from here between them.If you're thinking that nothing thrown into this tinderbox could make it any more flammable, well...enter Tony (played by Ansel Elgort) and Maria (Rachel Zegler). Tony is the co-founder of The Jets but after a stint in prison for a shocking beating he gave to an Eyptian man, he is trying to be a better person, now holding down a steady job and no longer involved in his gang's activities. Maria is the sister of Bernardo (David Alvarez), a man who is trying to fight his way out of the slum (literally). Bernardo has a chip on his shoulder about the Anglos, who make life difficult for his community. He plays the father-figure at the flat that he shares with his girlfriend and Maria. The prospect of Maria dating a "gringo" is unacceptable to him, as we later find out when...Tony and Maria meet at a dance event and...instantly fall in love. He is also the leader of The Sharks.That moment when Tony and Maria fall in love at first sight is very sweetly done. Maria, as played by Zegler, seems like an old-fashioned Disney princess at first, being very timid but then being quite forward...perhaps like a (modern day?) Disney princess? (Since I'm not well-versed in Disney films about princesses, I'll have to defer to the judgement of people more informed than me on this subject.) The lyric from the song "Hurts so good" by John Cougar comes to mind about her: "you ain't as green as you are young". Zegler/Maria is very attractive in a winsome way. Director Steven Spielberg has really captured a winning performance from her. It occurred to me after writing down my initial thoughts on this film that Zegler would be a worthy nominee for "Best actress" at awards time. Even though I haven't really seen any 'quality' films this year, I think I know a quality performance when I see one and I don't think that a best actress award for her would be undeserved.If you think that Maria couldn't be any more adorable, well, you should hear her sing. She has a lovely voice, in my view. To me, she's the standout voice of the musical. Elgort tends towards falsetto at times. On the subject of the music, I'd say that I'm pretty sure that if you just wanted to listen to the musical on CD or whatever, then there would be better versions of that from previous productions of this story, whether on stage or screen. By that I mean perhaps the music elsewhere is bolder, brassier or arranged more pleasingly (to my ears, at least) and that would apply to the vocal performances as well. However, since I haven't heard other versions, I can't recommend one for you.It also later occurred to me how similar Tony and Bernardo are (which I've retrospectively alluded to in my earlier comments about how both of them plan to get out of the slum). Another point of comparison with Bernardo would be The Jets' new leader, "Riff" (Mike Faist). They both mirror each other as far as attitudes to "the other" goes.In any case, just when Tony thought he was out, Riff pulls him back in again, as far as gang activities go.I liked this film and had moments of recognition with it, with regards to clicking fingers and many songs. One event which did jar with me was how Maria reacted to Tony when she heard some fateful news about him. It just didn't ring true to me. Maybe with a greater passage of time it could have worked. Later, when the police officer goes over the whole timeline, the short duration was a shock too.The film was on track for a score of 80% from me but since the drama near the end of the film elicited emotion from me, I added another 5% to my score to reflect that.Random notes:* Is the ending different to previous versions of this story? If it is, you can either read it as a return to sanity as far as character motivation goes or as a Steven Spielberg tendency.* There is some realism to the violence, so not suitable for very young children, I don't think.* I couldn't quite tell if there was some strong swearing at times or if it was toned down.* Curios: 5c for a Milky Way, $15 for a fashionable store scarf, I think.
9 This is an incredible retelling of a classic story based on the hit 1957 musical. The film starts off a bit down beat with the color palette. It really brightens up and vibrates with incredible musical numbers especially the wonderful America number. Ariana DeBose steals every scene she is in as Anita the fiery young woman with curves and personality. Her America number was a sight to behold. Really colorful flinging her dress around, she had a really strong screen presence. It was a beautiful performance. I think she is the hot favorite for best supporting actress at the Oscars. Rachel Zegler was also great as young Maria. The whole supporting cast also did a great job. Steven Spielberg did an amazing job with the musical numbers and his vision for the musical was terrific. The cinematography was gorgeous. I have to mention Rita Moreno in a role as the owner of the candy shop. She was also amazing and was given a great scene to sing near the end of the film. I thought the choreography in this film was amazing and the whole thing really popped off the big screen. This was an amazing experience I had in theatre watching this film. I highly recommend it.
9 Friends I trust told me the new version of WSS was great. I'm glad I listened to them! I love the 1961 movie, and worried about the remake falling short. My fear was unfounded. The '61 movie represents the late 50's: clean, well scrubbed, shining faces - glamorous lead actors and actresses. The 2021 movie is a movie for today - with gang actors who really looked like a gang. Maria and Tony are perfect - innocent and madly in love - they looked like they were really in love. Natalie Wood and Richard Beymer looked like they were acting like they were in love (well, they were.). The casting in the new version surpassed the original in almost every instance. And, the actors and actresses actually did their own singing.While I love '61's "America" on the rooftop the street version was better. The choreography, while similar to the original was more crisp and just felt more "authentic." Rita Moreno was great in both movies (she still can sing), but Ariana DeBose blew it away as Anita. If she does not win an Academy Award there is definitely something wrong (well of course we already know that!)The only song I liked better in the original was "Office Krupke."And kudos to Spielberg for 1. Casting Latinos in their roles; 2. For NOT casting politically correct but not ethnically correct actors and actresses in the movie; and 3. For not lacing the dialogue with the "F word" as the only adjective used in the movie.In conclusion, the 1961 version is great, the 2021 version superb!!!!!
9 The chills, they're multiplying, and I'm losing contro-o-ol.Many, many times in this epic homage to Sondheim and Bernstein and Robbins' and Wise's inarguable classic the tears filled my eyes, and not even at the sad numbers. Because this interpretation was so modest, so reverential and yet added a layer of beauty that only modern cinematography can achieve.I just couldn't cope.Spielberg could have Jurassic Parked this to death but he chose, instead, to stay true to Jerome Robbins' vision but to cast the Sharks fully hispanic and to use unsubtitled Spanish dialogue throughout. It mattered not if you speak Spanish because enough English is thrown into the mix, and enough acting skill is on show, that the storytelling point in each scene is made at each and every turn.The overture takes the breath away and sets the scene for what I knew was going to be triumphant, epic, beautiful, sentimental and just bloody brilliant.The key to the entire movie is that the orchestral arrangements seem (to me) entirely faithful to Bernstien's original, even though they were recorded specifically for the new version.Another, great aspect of this version is that Spielberg's storytelling, aided by crystal clear diction very easy to follow and adds depth to the story.The production design is also breathtaking. Right from the opening pan down a wrecking ball chain into a half ruined Upper West Side (making way for the gentrified Lincoln Centre. I wonder if Spielberg was having a go at gentrification by this reference?)Justin Peck's choreography often borrows from Jerome Robbins' signature style - all finger clicks and half cartwheels. The Gee, Officer Krupsky scene is particularly memorable but the highlight is The Dance at The Gym (Mambo), an exhilarating swoosh of colour: the Jets in greens, The Sharks in browns and golds: subtle but stunning. The scene where Tony sets eyes on Maria is breathtaking as Spielberg prowls through the chorus with dancers flashing in front of the two (Janusz Kaminski, Spielberg's go to guy, is surely in with a chance of his third Oscar after Saving Private Ryan and Schindler's List). It's far more subtle than the original and the better for it, I'd say.I think there were doubters about the casting of Ansel Elgort (so magical in Baby Driver) as Tony and Maria is a newcomer (Rachel Zegler) but Elgort is mouthwatering and Zegler simply beautiful, transfixing at times, they make a lovely and totally believable couple regardless of height and age difference.Put it this way, they can both hold a tune (Elgort remarkably so given that so much of Tony's tunes are high tenor verging at times on falsetto). Neither puts a foot wrong throughout.If there are criticisms they would be that Riff doesn't quite cut the mustard, too fey for my liking, Rita Moreno is a charming addition to the cast (and a nod to the original in which she played Anita) but, you know, just seemed like a sentimental choice in the casting, although she Executive Produced so maybe that was a contract clause. Her solo of Somewhere is lovely, but a bit on the thin side, but I wasn't entirely convinced.The gang 'wars' are given a real heightened sense of jeopardy by Spielberg and the Rumble, in particular, really adds another dimension, it's electrifying and white knuckle throughout led by the excellent Bernardo (David Alvarez). Anita (Ariana deBose) is equally compelling in her performance.Other real stand outs are America - so theatrical, so La La Land and A Boy Like That with Maria and Anita.The other aspect of the movie (it's a problem with the play too) is that the final act runs out of steam. There are no musical numbers in the last 25 minutes and I think Robbins made Anita's rape scene more shocking and believable than Spielberg did). But this is a musical without a musical finale and that's a problem, especially when we know how Romeo dies.So, it has flaws, but not enough to wipe the stupid grin from my face or the tears from my eyes.I mean, if I'd had to £100 to see this I would not have felyt short changed. I'm emotionally wrecked, frankly.Thank you Steven Spielberg for just being, you know, Steven Spielberg. But mostly for respecting arguably the greatest musical ever written and not trying to Hollywood it. Unquestionably he is in the top five movie directors of all time, and I'd happily lose an argument that says he is the best.
10 When we think of west side story back in 1961, director Jerome Robbins, and Robert Wise, they made a masterpiece that could never be remade in the right way. But when we think of Steven Spielberg, we didn't suspect or guess he would have made a musical remake from 1961. Steven Spielberg's eloquent and graceful "West Side Story" opens with the familiar image of the Jets prowling across New York City. They toss paint cans to one another, gathering in larger numbers as they slink and slide through the streets. Occasionally, their strides break into a dance move-a spin or a slide across the pavement-always in unison. The camera doesn't just capture action on a set-it glides with the performers, and we glide along with them. The editing avoids the choppy rhythms of so many recent musicals, allowing viewers to feel motion and connection. We are instantly hooked and will be for the next 2.5 hours. Fans of the original stage production and beloved film will argue over the need for a 2021 version of "West Side Story," although restaging a classic play is an annual event in major theaters around the world. For some reason, remakes in film are more often seen as attempts to supplant an original whereas theater goers are accustomed to the process of new voices interpreting classic texts. The classic Rita Moreno has returned after 60 playing Valentina in the 1961 "West Side Story", and now playing Valentina again in the 2021 remake of West Side Story. The opening sequence sets up the rivalry between the Jets and the Sharks. The former group of tough-talking New Yawkers is led by Riff (Mike Faist, giving one of several star-making performances in the film), who is tired of the Sharks taking the city that he thinks belongs to him. His partner Anita (Ariana DeBose) go to a dance that night where Maria catches the eye of Tony (Ansel Elgort), a former Jet who is trying to go straight. Just released from prison after nearly killing a guy, Tony lives in the basement of the store in which he works, watched over by a mother figure named Valentina (a transcendent Rita Moreno, who won an Oscar for the first film and could do so again). There's so much beauty in this "West Side Story." It merges things that have truly shaped pop culture from the graceful precision of Spielberg-who has always had a musical director's eye in terms of how he choreographs his scenes-to the masterful songwriting of Stephen Sondheim and Leonard Bernstein to the brilliant writing of Tony Kushner to the immigrant experience in this country. It grabs you from the very beginning and takes you there. Somehow, someday, somewhere..
9 West Side Story was a great musical, the story was believable, a tad predictable, I feel like I've seen this before, but it's all still great.The two leads are incredible, it's just like Romeo and Juliet, Elgort is the standout of the two, he is amazing.The entire cast is incredible, the dance and fights are so greatly choreographed.But this film is also a real tear-jerker, it touches on real adult themes in such a good way.The ending had me on the verge of tears.The only negative is the runtime, 2 hrs and 36 mins.Loved it.
9 I am, and always has been, a huge fan of the original Westside Story. I was only 11 years old when I first saw it, and it stayed with me through all these years. So, I wondered how, and why, Steven Spielberg would possibly want to make this movie again. I expected it to be a poor carbon copy of the first. But, I was very pleasantly surprised. There are a few changes to the way the story is told, and a part was added that was designed especially for Rita Morena.In one way it is superior to the original. The parts of Maria and Toni are much better played by these new actors than they were by Natalie Wood and Richard Beymer. I never felt the spark between the two of them in the original. And, the singing of the two was pretty poor. The singing in this remake is far superior to the singing in the original. And, I really liked that about it. And, Tony and Marie are much better portrayed in this version. But, I don't see the spark in the relationship of Bernardo and Anita here. And, that weakens the story.I like the addition of the part that Rita Moreno has and I thought it was a very nice nod to the original. But, I did miss the character of Doc, the voice of reason in the '61 version.A biggest flaw is the scene between Maria and Anita after the death of Bernardo. The new Anita didn't seem to be anywhere near as touched and bereaved as Maria Moreno was in the original. In the original I believed that Anita was wounded to her very soul. In this version I didn't see that at all.I sorely missed George Chakiris! His Bernardo was wonderful, as was Russ Tamblyn as Riff, though the two new actors did a terrific job.Definitely worth seeing and enjoying this new version, but I'll never stop loving the 1961 version.
8 "West side story" (2021, Steven Spielberg) is an ambitious project. It is a remake of one of the most classic films by one of the most renowned directors.The first reviews I read came to a radical different evaluation. Most of them positive, applauding the fact that Latino characters were this time played by Latino actors. On the other hand there was also a review stating that the remake was too close to the 1961 original from Robert Wise. The remake of the Broadway musical by Ivo ten Hove in 2020 was more innovative. With respect to the casting of Latino actors this review states that acting is about being someone else and not about being yourself.After seeing the film I think the truth is somewhere in the middle. The 2021 remake is not a radical break with the original indeed, but there are some more subtle refinements that justify this remake without any doubt.In the first place the cinematography is very beautiful and perfectly in sync with the choreography. At the beginning of the film the camera slowly zooms in on the neighborhood, just like in "Dead end" (1937, William Wyler). Secondly the characters of Tony, Maria and Chino are provided with background information that makes them more comprehenisble. More important still is that the conflict between the Jets and the Sharks is situated in the context of urban renewal, that threatens their territory.The most important change in my opinion is substituting the character of Doc (1961 version) for that of Valentina (2021 version). Valentina is played by Rita Moreno, who was Anita in the 1961 version. At first Moreno said to Spielburg that she did not do cameo's. The character of Valentina however is anything but a cameo. At the end of the film she sings "Somewhere", indicating that the problems of her youth (she also had a mixed marriage) are unfortunately still topical.Of course there are also some flaws. The most significant for me was the order of the songs. The 1961 filmversion made some alterations to this order relative to the Broadway musical. The songs "Gee, officer Krupke" and "I feel pretty" were removed from after the rumble to before the rumble, the reason being that after the rumble the mood of the story is no longer suitable for these somewaht frolic songs. The 2021 filmversion puts "I feel pretty" back on its original place. Very wrongly so.
9 All personnel in the Hollywood world take a seat as Mr. Steven Spielberg will show all of you how you properly make a remake and a modern musical. This is truly one of his most impressive outputs in his already monumentally legendary career. Pure direction, understanding the source material, and fleshing out the screenplay beyond its capabilities. Spielberg once again shows me why he will always be the greatest film director of all time and one of the greatest storytellers in history up there with Shakespeare and Disney. The sheer masterful style, subtlety, substance, gravitas, choreography, cinematography, music, lighting, acting, beautiful storytelling, a romance that is always convincing makes this perhaps my favorite film of the year. I love this film, and I want to watch it again and again when it's available on Vudu. An what makes this even more incredible, is I'm not a huge fan of musicals. But this is the perfect way to execute a musical in a way that I can get engaged when others simply could not do it. I can go on and on and on about this movie. But I will just let you experience this pleasure for yourself. Well done Spielberg...again!
10 Gorgeous movie! That opening shot was amazing! As were the costumes, the props, and the settings! I can't get over how great this movie was! Four days later, and I'm still humming the tunes! Bravo!
10 It takes a special kind of nerve, or unmitigated gall, to try and put a new spin on a much-beloved film classic of any kind, especially when it's the Broadway musical WEST SIDE STORY that, in its original 1961 cinematic incarnation, won a record-setting ten Academy Awards, including Best Picture But of course that's the kind of nerve, or more specifically that of a riverboat gambler, that the ultra-legendary Steven Spielberg had when he decided to rework, or more accurately re-imagine, both the musical and the film version in 2021. And in every sense of the word, while it was never his intention to top what was done on Broadway in 1957 or for the big screen in 1961, he has nevertheless made a WEST SIDE STORY with a particular vision and a particular poignancy that perhaps only he, out of all the directors alive today, could possibly muster.With the screenplay adaptation by Tony Kushner taking it back to the original Arthur Laurents book (and with a fair amount of un-subtitled Spanish dialogue to boot), this WEST SIDE STORY maintains the "Romeo And Juliet"-inspired outline, and the setting in the New York City of 1957. Here, however, the famed and fierce rivalry between the Jets (all Anglos) and the Sharks (all Puerto Ricans) is set against the factual demolition of their part of Manhattan, namely Lincoln Square and San Juan Hill, to build the Lincoln Center. Tony (Ansel Elgort), a former member of the Jets, now works at the drugstore operated by a wise Puerto Rican woman named Valentina (Rita Moreno, who won her Academy Award for portraying Anita in the 1961 original), after having served a year in jail for nearly beating an Egyptian Kings gang member to death. When his old friend Riff (Mike Faist) shows up, feeling him out for a possible rumble with the Sharks, he is unsettled by his friend's newfound xenophobia towards Puerto Ricans. Elgort cannot have any overt contact with his old gang, lest he break his parole; but when Faist invites him to a dance at the nearby school gym where the Sharks are also going to be, he reluctantly goes along, all the time wary of what this might mean for him.In the meantime, Bernardo (David Alvarez), the leader of the sharks and an up-and-coming boxer, is taking his girlfriend Anita (Ariana DeBose), his younger sister Maria (Rachel Zegler), and Chino (Josh Andres Rivera), the man Alvarez intends to be Zegler's suitor, to that same dance. The intention is to try and bring the two sides together in a dance-off without any violence, but it almost does come to that, until DuBose motions to the bandleader to break into the famously volcanic Mambo. But unbeknownst to everybody else, Elgort, who has been standing on the periphery of the dance floor, has suddenly caught the eye of Zegler, and vice-versa. The two of them sneak out behind the bleachers, and the poignant "Romeo And Juliet" tryst between the two begins. In the inexplicable way that love has been known to operate throughout eternity, Elgort and Zegler know and acknowledge how ethnically different they both are, and yet they find common cause. The sad tragedy, of course, is that neither the Sharks nor the Jets seem to "get' what Elgort and Zegler see in the other.There are a number of reasons why Spielberg ventured into the musical genre for the first, and maybe only, time in his career by re-imagining WEST SIDE STORY. One is that he identified with the Latinx community (in this case New York's Puerto Rican community) out of experience of his having felt "Otherized" in his youth because he was a Jewish kid growing up in predominately WASP neighborhoods. Another one, and on a more purely emotional level, is that he wanted to explore how two people from two totally different backgrounds, neither of whom are quite sure how they're supposed to fit in, manage to fall in love. All of this, as was the case on the Broadway stage in 1957 and the big screen in 1961, is set to the great music of Leonard Bernstein, the brilliant lyricism of Stephen Sondheim, and Justin Peck's re-imagining of Jerome Robbins' original choreography.A lot of attention has rightly been paid to the contributions of Faist, Alvarez, and DeBose (the latter stepping into Moreno's original role); but as this is also at its heart a romantic tragedy, the contributions of the two leads must also be taken into account. Elgort has come in for a lot of fairly vicious attacks for his portrayal of Tony, but I feel they are grossly unjust, because his Tony (unlike that of Richard Beymer in the 1961 film) has a past that he isn't exactly proud of, and he is trying to make a better future for himself with Moreno's support. Elgort conveys that situation of his in exceptionally honest fashion in the scene at the Cloisters with Zegler, where he tries to reassure her that he can somehow stop the impending rumble between the Jets and the Sharks from taking place. It also makes it easier for Zegler to understand that the chain of violence that leads to this story's catastrophic ending was not Elgort's doing, but the end result of the blind hatred that both the Jets and the Sharks had had towards one another long before she herself even came to New York from Puerto Rico.And when it comes to Zegler--well, she has the Herculean task of going from having been a YouTube sensation to being in her first-ever movie here; stepping into a role made famous on Broadway by Carol Lawrence in 1957, and on the big screen by Natalie Wood in 1961; and doing so under the direction of Hollywood's greatest living filmmaker. In what has to rank among the biggest surprises in all of Hollywood history, she absolutely nails the role of Maria, both in her singing (which is absolutely gorgeous) and her acting, which is oftentimes painfully honest in a way that I can't recall ever seeing in any first-time performance. It is a performance for the ages, and not just for 2021-22.Despite what the so-called "anti-Woke Culture" critics on the Far Right might want everybody to believe about this film, Spielberg's take on WEST SIDE STORY is yet one more masterpiece from this great filmmaker from start to finish. From making the musical and dance sequences explode with color to the poignant romantic drama between Elgort and Zegler, this is more than worthy of a '10' rating.
9 I have not seen the original West Side Story, but I had a blast with this remake. April burg is still one of the best directors working today and this movie proves that with nearly every shot. The acting and dancing is out of this world and the story kept me invested like the whole time. Really great stuff.
9 Wow, I am very pleasantly surprised and happy with how this turned out. It's not often you see a remake live up to the original but I say Steven Spielberg did a great job with this one.This was an extremely well done film right down to cinematography, music, choreography, and of course incredible talent from everyone in the cast. Although I feel the standout star here is Ariana DeBose in the role of Anita. Not only did she match up with her original characters counterpart but at times exceeded her. Her performance was phenomenal, and I was informed by my friend who I watched this film with that she was nominated for best supporting actress by the Golden Globes. I hope she wins, because she is deserving.Now for the age old question "does it surpass the original?" To that I'd say yes and no. There are definitely moments that surpass the original, moments that match up with the original, and others where doesn't do as good as the original.I'm happy to have viewed this in IMAX, though it doesn't take full advantage of the IMAX screen because this film was not shot in IMAX, it still makes great use of the bigger screen.I do have some criticisms as to the certain changes Spielberg made from the original but I will not say due to spoilers. One thing I did feel lacking, and this is a personal thing is that this depiction of West Side Story lacked the magic of live theater that I feel the original conveyed very well. Irregardless Spielberg did a great job at taking a classic Broadway play, and portraying it on the big screen.9/10.
10 Not much to say. I went in with high expectations and left with them being surpassed. The cast, the directing, the cinematography, and the character development are all outstanding.Haven't seen Spider-Man nor The Matrix yet, but along with Dune this is one of the crème du la crème of movies this year.
9 This movie is really really well made. A little long, but for all the production value that went into it, it's completely worth it. A message that is just as relevant as today. All the acting, dancing, costumes, and overall production value are all absolutely top notch.
9 The story was more understandable, the singing was much better, especially Maria and Tony. Rachel Zegler was wonderful, and she is so young. I look forward to great things from her in the future.
9 It is the late 1950s and an influx of Puerto Rican immigrants in New York's West Side are extremely unwelcome as far as the disaffected resident youth gand, The Jets, is concerned. The police half-heartedly keep peace between the factions. Meanwhile Puerto Rican Maria meets Tony, a member of The Jets recently released from prison, and it's love at first sight. Which is not welcomed by either gang.Shakespeare often translates well to other mediums and eras, as this adaptation of Romeo and Juliet proved when it hit Broadway in the 50s and the big screen in 1961. In fact the movie was - and is - so well regarded that one wonders why there was a need to remake it, so comparisons are inevitable.In truth, both film versions are excellent. I think I find Tony and Maria's instant love somewhat more convincing here, and the two young performers are more credible than their predecessors. The vicious, murderous hatred between the two gangs is stronger here, and the various tweaks to storytelling do little harm.There are a number of Spielberg "touches" (the opening shot!), and it was so good to see that Rita Morena's present wasn't just a cameo to touch base with the original, but a decent, solid, important character. How amazing to play major characters in two different versions of the same film 60 years apart!
9 West Side Story was my favorite musical yesterday. West Side Story is my favorite musical today. Until yesterday the 1961 version was my favorite, but this new version is better in everything, except for the novelty factor (although the 1st movie is also an adaptation of the play).Spielberg improved what was right and corrected what was wrong. DeBose, Zegler and Faist are sensational. Cinematography, choreography and editing outstanding. Perfect direction, with some of the most beautiful shots ever.
10 What is this with everyone crying about no subtitles? Most of what was said in spanish was immediately translated or given context in the next sentence, and everything else was obvious from context anyway. I don't get it. There were no subtitles needed. At all.I absolutely loved this. This is so many levels above No Way Home, which I saw on Saturday. It's such a stark contrast to see a legitimately good movie versus a bunch of fan service tied together with the thinnest of stories.Can't recommend this more. Rachel Zegler is AMAZING. She will be big.
9 I forgot to mention the best part of the movie was that they included the updated music of Leonard Bernstein in the movie. The biggest change I saw was in this movie Rita Moreno sings "Somewhere". In the original, Maria sings a reprise of that song to a dying Tony. Much better effect.
10 My Review- West Side Story My Rating 10 +
I'm a huge fan of the 1961 film version of West Side Story and this new version by Steven Spielberg takes nothing away from the genius of the original movie which deservedly won 10 Oscars more than any other film musical in history.I have a theory about this new incredibly fresh film adaptation and it's summed up just two words Tony Kushner and Steven Spielberg.Tony Kushner the Pulitzer Prize winning play write of Angels in America and screenwriter of movies like Munich (2005) and Lincoln (2012) has somehow given this new version of West Side Story an extra mega dose of Shakespeare.We all know that the Leonard Bernstein/Stephen Sondheim Broadway musical West Side Story is a modern parody of Romeo and Juliet but this fresh 2021 reimagining by Tony Kushner in my view puts the play on an equal footing with the music and lyrics.Steven Spielberg has said that at 10 years old he was obsessed with the Broadway Cast album of the show and has based his film version on the stage production rather than the original movie and it shows in every frame.I usually loathe remakes of Classic movies but this one is the exception it stands on its own for originality and movie craftsmanship .The genius of creating a new character for the one cast member of the 1961 film version Rita Moreno by Tony Kushner was inspired. It's not just a cameo role her character of Valentina is pivotal to the story much more so than the character she replaced who was Doc the drugstore proprietor in the 1961 film
She features throughout the movie as a conduit of wisdom and common sense among the gang violence and racial hate reminding me of The Nurse character in Romeo and Juliet.In fact we find out she is the widow of Doc and had a successful dual racial marriage this adds so much to her character.Rita Moreno who turned 90 years young last week was reluctant to appear in the remake but Tony Kushner's rewrite convinced her she had to play Valentina.Stephen Spielberg and the cast appreciated her encouragement and assistance on set so much that he had to make her an Executive Producer.Our two star crossed lovers are Tony once leader of The Jets and just released from prison for a violent gang bashing is trying his best to stay out of trouble .Ansel Elgort is wonderful in the role a great voice (unlike the 1962 version no one is voice dubbed in this version as far as I know)
His singing of the classics Somethings Coming , Maria and Tonight with Rachel Zegler are beautiful.Our Maria in this version is not as virginal and innocent as in the earlier film played beautifully by Natalie Wood and dubbed by Marni Nixon. This Maria is equally superb and it's her first movie introduction .Rachel Zegler is a more modern Maria with strong opinions but still radiates great charm and innocence without being too compliant to the gender stereotypes of 1962.The ethic mix of actual Hispanic actors and Caucasian actors as the gang members and central characters I think also adds an authenticity to this version as do the outdoor locations .One of the most moving songs in this version for me is the duet One Hand One Heart sung by Tony and Maria . It was filmed in the Cloisters of The Metropolitan Museum of Art it's truly a beautiful moment in Cinema .Other locations include The abandoned Bowery subway platform Brooklyn's Bush Terminal Piers Park and Brooklyn's Navy Yard
The great ensemble dance number Cool was filmed at Brooklyn's Bush Terminal Piers Park and The fabulous Dance at the Gym filmed at St Thomas Aquinas Catholic School gymnasium.The great opening number When you're a Jet took place on the streets of Washington Heights and Harlem and the biggest most colourful production number America was filmed in daylight throughout San Juan Hill's streets and very different to the original movie which was filmed at night on a rooftop.Which brings me to the character that Rita Moreno played in the 1961 film which is Anita Maria's brother Bernardo's girl friend played this time by Ariana De Bose who gives us a feisty and passionate performance her duet with Maria A Boy Like That and the production number America are also Oscar Worthy as was Rita Moreno's Best Supporting Oscar Win in 1962.Everybody in this film should be praised but not more than Steven Spielberg who has managed to pull off one of the most difficult tasks for a movie Director to faithfully recreate not only a Broadway musical on the cinema screen and there have been very few successful screen musicals since 1961 .Stephen Spielberg has also even managed to create the other huge accomplishment of creating a brilliant remake of the most successful Oscar winning film musical of all time .Will his new version equal or eclipse the ten Academy Awards won by the 1962 film and will he receive his 5th or 6th Oscar we will have to wait till 2022 but this movie goer can't wait for a second viewing of Steven Spielberg's and Tony Kusher's new film adaptation of West Side Story.
20 February 2022 "Licorice Pizza" tells a meandering journey of two young lovebirds. Things happen in the film, but I don't find the events of the plot intriguing or interesting. I honestly was bored by it.
4 I was curious about the film's title. As it turns out, the film is named after a record store chain called 'Licorice Pizza'. Also, according to director Paul Thomas Anderson, both licorice and pizza resonate with childhood memories, and he liked the sound of that for a coming of age movie.I have several issues with this highly acclaimed film. Firstly, the characters. The most obvious is having a romance between a 15-year old boy and a 25-year old woman. Not that age gap is an issue in relationships, but because the boy is a minor and the film therefore had a bit of a sour taste in the mouth being a 'love story'.Also, none of the characters were likable. No, not even the leads Alana and Gary. I mean, was this supposed to be a romantic film? Gary wanted to be with Alana from the moment he saw her, and when he got the chance he suddenly didn't want her anymore. Then, when she didn't want him anymore, he wanted her again. Then not, then he did, then she didn't, then she did... oh whatever!! As for Alana, she threw herself at every man she met! Wow, now there's romance for you (pffff!!!!!)With so many characters coming and going, I completely lost track of them and the film simply felt like a bunch of short stories gelled together to make one movie. As for Gary, I didn't find this character believable. This guy had so many mood changes that it was hard to summarize him. He is an actor and entrepreneur, and businessman at the age of fifteen...I also found the film slow moving with not all that much interesting happening - or, at least, nothing that interested me. This is not my kind of movie, and found it a bit boring since the 'love story' was anything but romantic. So, where did I want the movie to go? Honestly, I didn't care because I didn't root for any of the characters. I certainly didn't care for Gary and Alana being a couple, that's for sure!On a positive note, the performances are very good.
5 Licorice Pizza comes across as if it was written on the fly. A jumble of ill fitting scenes with quirky adults and hip cameos (Sean Penn, Tom Waits, Bradley Cooper) it banks its edge on two average looking characters, Gary and Alana and their age gap; precocious 15 year old boy, 25 year old woman, both annoyingly overplayed by Alana Haim and Cooper Hoffman.Gary meets Alana at a student yearbook (ID?) photo session. He's bewitched and pursues her. She bites and the two enter into an on again off again relationship that alas is rife with heartache and pain as they start a water bed business together. His obsession with Alana however begins to cool. She seeks and enters into more age appropriate relationships but they fail to advance. Gary meanwhile has opened a pinball business but cannot get over Alana and runs into the night in search of her.Pizza has its moments but very few with some imaginative incidentals and arch characterization that soon become contrived and repetitive. An absurdist rom-com with the fuel crisis as key backdrop it seems content to be sparingly funny as it incoherently moves from scene to scene of hodgepodge editing and poorly lit cinematography. Director PT Anderson seems to be missing in action with overlong scenes of drive by tracking and trail off dialogue with heavy handed interplay between the two leads as well as ancillary characters doing their darndest to be unctuous and annoying. Licorice Pizza is offbeat at its most banal and boring.
3 I really wanted to like this film but it felt like there was absolutely nothing there. I didn't understand why these two would be a fit for each other, they really were not. The film was it of nonsensical diatribe, the movie just did not make sense on any level, it wasn't funny, although there were a couple moments that were a chuckle, but it was just a tiring story. It was a good period production, but what a waste.I was only able to get through it with a sense of long-suffering pain and difficulty. There are a lot of good movies out there, please please don't waste your time or wait for it streaming or DVD at least, and that way you can fast forward through the nonsense scenes.It felt very, very manipulative and it felt very, very indulgent on the part of Anderson.
3 But I watched, I looked, and I couldn't find anything there. It's aimless. It doesn't start anywhere, it doesn't end anywhere, and in between it doesn't bother to go anywhere. Other than "but it's a young love slice of life in the early-70s Valley" - which is just a copout for not having a narrative arc - about the most interesting thing is the conflict-that-should-have-happened-but-didn't with Bradley Cooper's Jon Peters. That was hilariously manic, and seemed to presage SoCal's cocaine obsession by five or ten years.To be honest, though, what bothered me most was that the title referred to *nothing*. I used to go to LA in the early 80s and buy a lot of records, and Licorice Pizza was one of the stores I frequented. So I'd hoped for a little selfish nostalgia and was disappointed when the store didn't feature in the movie AT ALL. So other than being an odd name to anyone not familiar with the music scene at the time, there was no reason to choose it, and I felt kinda robbed.
4 The odd title of 2021's Licorice Pizza doesn't add up to much. Licorice Pizza the movie? Well it doesn't add up to much either. The film's blueprint involves a 15-year-old boy and a 25-year-old girl hanging out together in Southern California circa 1973. Why these two would ever have anything to do with each other or even be attracted to each other is well, beyond me.So yeah, Licorice Pizza is a comedy-drama that saunters and irks. It's like a series of random, "Me Decade" scenes that sort of taper off into the wind. The leads (Alana Haim, Cooper Hoffman) are not horrible, they're just dupes of automation. They begrudgingly do whatever Paul Thomas Anderson's implausible screenplay tells them to.Speaking of Anderson, well he's the director. Once the boy genius behind my favorite flick of all time (Boogie Nights), Paul Thomas Anderson has now regressed to the point of jumbled-ness. With Licorice Pizza, he dips back into the 70s again butchering the almighty cinematic form. There's no continuity, no lucid story, no scripted 411.So OK, Anderson knows where to put the camera and yeah, his soundtracks are earthy and retro (this one is good but lacks a little freshness). Still, you can't help but wish PTA would spend two-plus hours on something more than a messy, bipolar character study. In truth, I was annoyed by Alana Haim's Alana Kane to the point where I wanted to shake the wishy-washy out of her. I mean what a royal pain in the butt.Per the last paragraph, I said that Licorice Pizza was a messy film. True dat. It could learn age-old wisdom from a tidy one. Licorice Pizza is also cock and bull film. I mean you'd have to believe that Hoffman's Gary Valentine could own a pinball arcade, successfully mack on a twentysomething, and manage a waterbed factory as a blackhead juvenile. Wha??Add pointless cameos (I'm talking to you Bradley Cooper and Sean Penn) and fading personas whose plot threads add to nil and you have the movie equivalent of a failed competitor on The Gong Show. "Hold the anchovies".
3 Honestly, there are days I despair over the members of the Academy of Motion Pictures, or Hollywood in general. This movie is flagrant self flagellation. If the industry wasn't so enamoured with itself, this film, no matter how many A-listers it cast, would never have seen the light of day, let alone been nominated for a Best Picture Oscar. I'm embarrassed for them. I give this film a 3 (bad) out of 10. {Inane Dramedy}
5 Generous with a 5 cos of Sean Penn n Bradley Cooper's small roles.This movie has absolutely no character development and the screenplay is abysmal.Better watch Crazy Stupid Love. At least it's funny.
5 The story is simple. Teenagers falling in love in the seventies. There really isnt anything more to this story. A bit of a bummer!I am really disappointed that this is the best that P. T Anderson had to offer. I have seen better days, much better...The bad: one of the lesser movies by director P. T Anderson, because the leading characters are unknowns, who are simply lacking charisma of the likes of brilliant A-list actors, like Joaquin Phoenix, Philip Seymour Hofmann, Tom Cruise etc, who were starring in P. T Anderson's movies before... Forget about the leading actor being the son of Philip Seymour Hofmann, the guy just hasnt got the charisma of his father, nowhere near!The few (very short) supporting roles by A-list actors like Sean Penn, Tom Waits and Bradley Cooper may sound interesting, but when they act together with these unknown leading actors, they only accentuate the LACK OF CHARISMA of these leading uncharismatic unknown actors. A bit painful to watch.More bad: there is definitely a lack of drama and thrill. It really does become a bit tedious after an hour and that's a first for me when watching a P. T Anderson movie.Most people did come to see it because of an Oscar nomination for Best Picture. That nomination is rather laughable, because P. T. Anderson has made several movies worthy of an Oscar, but this is NOT one of them. Not bad, but it certainly aint brilliant either.Not any good? Famous director P. T Anderson always delivers. It ain a terrible movie, only a bit tedious. Rest asured you will get to see true to life characters in doubt, in pain or in love. Probably only suited for a patient arthouse audience though, because it is quite a bit slowburning, bordering on TEDIOUS...
4 "Licorice Pizza" is a coming of age story set in 1973's Los Angeles-Encino. A pudgy, pimply-faced yet over-confident 15 year old Gary Valentine falls for a sub-average looking 25 year old year-book photog. She's firm that they can't be a thing and his many, many attempts to impress her enough fuels the film's 2hrs. Look it's not a bad film but it's a low-budget affair that in yester-year would be straight-to-video. Some will love the authenticity of the moment, the attraction between two unlikely unattractives. Alana Haim as Alana Kane is new to mainstream Hollywood but her very plain looks and equiv acting won't advance her from this. This is Cooper Hoffman's first film credit and would've fit in well in the '80s "Porky's".
2 My Review - Liquorice Pizza My Rating 2/10It will be along time before I ever watch another "Coming of Age ." movie or any movie that involves Paul Thomas Anderson the Director Writer Producer of Liquorice Pizza.It may be a generation divide but it's a divide I never want to cross again the only aspect that I enjoyed about this movie was a few of the nostalgic 1970's pop hits.The story for what it's worth and it's not worth much is about two people one not so young immature 25 year old woman Alana Kane and Gary Valentine a podgy Ron Weasley look alike 15 year old teenager who has the hots for Alana . They spend most of the movie running around together selling water beds in the San Fernando Valley in 1973.I couldn't help thinking if the genders and ages were swapped around the film would probably be called Carnal Knowledge .The critics obviously love this movie and it's unbelievably nominated for 3 Oscar's Best Picture, Best Director and Best Screenplay while a film like Guillermo Del Toro's superb Nightmare Alley is virtually ignored.The last coming of age movie I recall as annoying as this was the 2019 movie Booksmart but at least I enjoyed the cast in that and it was about real teenage angst not one teenager and a 25 year old woman.The two stars in this film Alana Haim who plays 25 year old Alana and Cooper Hoffman as 15 year old Garry I found a very odd couple I suppose that was intentional?Their Acting ability was ok I suppose but I thought they were mismatched physically and intellectually in fact they're not really romantically involved much at all ? Or their involvement is a very one sided affair.Liquorice Pizza is a puzzling combination of flavours that to me are as unappealing as the title suggests even cameos from Bradley Cooper as Jon Peter's Barbra Streisand's ex boyfriend and Sean Penn as Jack Holden couldn't make this movie a tasty dish for me.I only have one more 2022 Best Picture nominated movie to see before the awards are announced "Drive My Car "I hope it's better than this mishmash .
4 Paul Thomas Anderson has written and directed so many excellent films that it saddens me to declare this one to be underwhelming, but that's the way it is. It feels like one, long in-joke masquerading as a coming-of-age movie. Lots of talent involved, including, fortunately, Alana Haim, around whom the movie seems to have been built, given the rest of her family play the rest of her character's family. That's all fine and funny. But there's something icky in the presence of Hollywood princes and princesses such as Cooper Hoffman, Willa Hoffman, Tallulah Hoffman, Sasha Spielberg, Dexter Demme. Not to mention Leonard di Caprio's dad. George. It's as if we're intruding on a home movie. Maybe that was the idea. If so, I'm surprised that Mr Anderson didn't realise how patronising that might seem.There are minor joys in the bravura turns of Christine Ebersole, Tom Waits, Sean Penn and Bradley Cooper, though perhaps the last goes so over-the-top he's probably in orbit by now.Come back soon, Paul Thomas Anderson, and bring us another good movie. We'll call this one a blip.
6 Alana Haim admits to being 25, and may be 28. She has no idea what she wants to do. Cooper Hoffman is 15, a successful child actor, a budding entrepreneur -- waterbeds and newly decriminalized pinball machines -- and wants her.Paul Thomas Anderson's latest movie is set, like Tarrantino's ONCE UPON A TIME IN HOLLYWOOD, in Los Angeles some time in the 1960s or 1970s -- the scripts make Leave It To Beaver contemporaneous with the Oil Crisis. Anderson takes a viewpoint that is more realistic, more sympathetic, and at the same time, more cynical. His camera looks at its subjects like 1970s cameras did; people are not flattered by the 1970s clothes they wear, and the visible architecture is tired and ugly. And no one approves of the relationship between the leads, not even Miss Haim.The movie is filled out with contemporary individuals, some appearing under their real names -- John C. Reilly appears as Fred Gwynne in Munsters make-up, and Bradley Cooper as Jon Peters -- while others show up under pseudonyms -- Christine Ebersole is Lucy Doolittle, clearly a drunken, foul-mouthed Lucille Ball hyping a thinly disguised YOURS, MINE, AND OURS.As for the story, well, it's like most of Anderson's movies, a tale about not particularly likeable people trying to be happy in a world that doesn't approve of anything. I suppose it reflects reality, in that it's thoroughly muddled, but I prefer a bit more clarity in my stories.
4 Unlikeable characters, a chaotic plot, pointless cameos and repetitive running scenes add up to a frenetic yet tedious movie that I really wish had lasted at least 30 minutes less.
1 I mean what the hell was this, I get the premise for not having a direct plot, I also applaud a film for not using stupidly attractive actors and giving more normal looking people a leading role.It was 2 strange, impossible to like people in a story about anger, child endangerment and underage abuse, if this had of been the other way round it would've been ripped apart but because the girls older then that's ok?With how the world is I'm amazed this got made let alone awards, ahh nostalgic for that too me when legality didn't matter and everything was better... stupid.
3 A 15-year-old boy in the '70s lives like an adult, courting a grown woman and running two businesses. It might be some high-concept Hollywood kids' comedy like Big, except it's all done out in artsy grainy realism so you can almost believe it - if not feel much for these characters who seem largely without vulnerabilities or struggles.The implicitly weird premise and generally missing emotion might suggest Anderson got too up in his head constructing some riddle or logic problem - but indicating what? About the most I can see is, it continues his interest in force-of-nature types and the mystery of their instinctive, amoral, self-absorbed successes. Perhaps now showing a kid like this, Anderson's saying we all started growing up faster after the sixties? Or the boy businessman, peddling waterbeds and pinball to me-generation hedonists, is part of the coming yuppie wave?I dunno and the problem is I don't really care - or believe all this code-breaking is deserved or to much purpose. Drifting like a dull biopic from one disconnected episode to another, the film seems as bereft of meaning as of story. The only idea, really, appears to have been to corruscatingly stud the surface with brilliantly observed period detail, florid dialogue and extravagant side characters - all of which, adding up to nothing, feels overwrought and tediously pleased with itself.It's a perfect case study, then, in how you can execute near flawlessly throughout - though actually, most of the jokes fall flat - but if your movie's not really about anything, it's still bad. It is bad.
4 I can't say, I'm bored. But, I really didn't get the story. What's the point of showing chemistry between a 15 years old boy and 25/30 years old lady. It would be better if I had seen the reverse version of it. I mean, the girl being serious about career and the boy is just roaming around, that would be perfect . Whereas in this movie, it is totally different.
6 For as much as I watched this it's a '70s movie about two unlikable people who flirt unlikeably and I suppose probably wind up having an unlikable romance. This was nominated for a Best picture Oscar but God knows why except that boring pointless movies often get nominated for awards. I actually don't know anyone who liked this movie but I suppose people did.
5 What an experience watching "Licorice Pizza" was. In terms of aesthetic qualities like the ability to put the viewer in a setting (in this case 1970s Los Angeles), a wonderful soundtrack, some rollicking fun sequences, and phenomenal cinematography. Truly a technical masterpiece in nearly every sense.Sadly, "Licorice Pizza" is also not all that great of a film for one very specific reason: it completely and utterly lacks a plot or overall meaning to all the technical expertise.For a very basic overview, the movie tells the story of Gary (Cooper Hoffman), a high school student with a taste for showbiz, and Alana (Alana Haim), a 25-year-old Jewish "Valley Girl" stuck in neutral but always looking for the next adventure. As the two circle around each other trying to determine their romantic wants/needs, they stumble in and out of any number of period-specific historical events/schemes, such as a fuel shortage, waterbed craze, and pinball machine ban being lifted, to name a few.Like I said, "Licorice Pizza" is truly remarkable at setting a scene. I felt like I was back in time and nothing ever broke that illusion. I was also extremely impressed by the acting performances from newcomers (at least to the big screen) Hoffman & Haim. They are more than capable of carrying the entire film, which is exactly what they are asked to do here.But when the credits rolled--and even some time after--I'm struggling to figure out any discernible value or lasting concepts to take from the experience. In a certain sense, the viewing experience (plot-wise) felt like a cipher to which I wasn't given the key. A whole bunch of mini-escapades transpire--all at least somewhat entertaining--and the movie just ends. No more, no less.I very much liken "Licorice Pizza" to 2019's "Once Upon A Time In Hollywood", though I have to say I liked that Tarentino film a bit more because even it hewed to the plot--not just the spirit--of the current events it was depicting. Here, director Paul Thomas Anderson creates a movie that is almost entirely aesthetic and eschews plot/meaning entirely. As such, it is difficult for me to grade it as "good" or "bad", hence the right-down-the-middle five stars.
1 This is the worst movie I have seen in a long time - no point , no connection to any character, way too long , boring and a waste of time.No one is concerned with a 25 year old woman hanging out with a 15 year old ? I seriously could not wait for it to end .
4 This just wasn't for me. I had assumed that anything by Paul Thomas Anderson would appeal to me, but I did not respond to this story.I don't have any criticisms; I think the movie was well made, and I am sure there will be many viewers who thoroughly enjoy it. The story isn't very linear, but that shouldn't have bothered me. The Master was a similarly meandering narrative, but I really like that movie. I don't expect to watch Licorice Pizza again. For some reason, I did not connect to any part of this story.
5 An unrealistic and out of touch yarn, without charisma or engagement and very little charm, leaves you asking lots of questions, about certain age transgressions, and why no-one seems to be a bit alarmed.A poor, unrealistic and rambling story but some top drawer performances provide a little relief and reward.
7 A total vibe movie that you're either going to enjoy or not depending on how into that vibe you are.Paul Thomas Anderson's latest is a nostalgic romcom of sorts about a teenager and the much older woman he wants to have a romance with in 1970s California. The film is obviously made by someone with first-hand experience of what it was like to grow up near L. A.'s entertainment industry, and the film, which is more a series of vignettes than a continuous narrative, captures the weirdness, desperation, and sometimes scariness of famous people living in a vacuum.The film's biggest asset is Alana Haim, playing either a 25 year old or 28 year old (a blink and you'll miss it line throws some doubt on her actual age) who's oppressive Jewish household makes the antics of a child star high schooler (Cooper Hoffman, son of Phillip Seymour) at first a welcome distraction and later leads to an endearing bond between the two. The movie is winsome and enjoyable as long as it focuses on these two and their prickly relationship, but it's derailed by two lengthy segments featuring Sean Penn and Bradley Cooper that aren't as funny as Anderson seems to think they are and flab out the film's running time.Also, much as I enjoyed the film while watching it, I couldn't shake an extreme feeling of ickiness when I started to think back on it. The age difference between Haim and Cooper is treated as mostly a non-issue within the world of the film, and their romance is served straight up -- we're obviously supposed to be rooting for them to be together. But if this were a movie about a 25 year old man romancing a 15 year old girl, it would play quite differently, and the double standard bothered me. I also felt like the script let Haim down. She's so likable and such a good actress that I was disappointed her character didn't have more growth. She's a young woman who hasn't seen much of the world but starts to thanks to Hoffman, but I wish the movie had been more about her learning that, much as she likes Hoffman as a friend, she's too old for him and has more potential than that of being his girlfriend and sidekick.So, overall a mixed bag of a movie for me, though I was entertained watching it and would recommend it to others.Grade: A-
26 December 2021 I love this movie but can't explain why, left the cinema same way I felt after watching "Once Upon A Time In Hollywood". Don't really know what to say apart from I enjoyed it. Was it the era it's based in, was it the chemistry the characters shared, was it the way it was filmed, the dialogues, or was it the idyll charm Alana and Gary created? I don't know. It felt like the writers just started writing with no actual plot line, let the story flow and develop on it's own, because I can tell you what happened in the movie but don't really know what the movie's about yet it was still perfect the way it was. Felt like just watching life unfold for the characters. It wasn't complicated, at no point do you feel the script was altered to make it more witty, funny or dramatic, everything was just natural. I think more movies like this should be made. I wasn't around in the 70's, but movies like this make it feel like I'm right there with them; nostalgia to a time I never knew. Come to think of it, maybe that's why I do love it.
4 Nothing much fun here, I can tell you. Long and boring. Quite different, I grant them that. Unbelievable characters. Nice photo and music. Absolutely not the best film of the year, but on the other hand movies nowadays are not very good, to begin with.
