4 STAR RATING: ***** Brilliant **** Very Good *** Okay ** Poor * AwfulGotham City is rocked by a series of murders of key political figures, by a sadistic killer calling himself The Riddler (Paul Dano), who holds the city to ransom, revealing darkly guarded secrets and threatening more mayhem until he is stopped. 'The Batman' (Robert Pattinson), the alter ego of millionaire Bruce Wayne, starts an investigation of his own, crossing paths with a woman called Selina Kyle (Zoe Kravitz), who operates as 'Catwoman' and wants to find out what happened to her friend. It sets them both on a collision course with the darkest elements of Gotham's underworld, including notorious gangster 'The Penguin' (an unrecognisable Colin Farrell) and crime boss Carmine Falcone (John Turturro), who may be sitting on a devastating secret that could shatter both their lives.The Batman series must be one of the most enduringly successful franchises in the world of comic book films, appearing in various different incarnations since its original creation. Here, writer/director Matt Reeves delivers a mammoth three hour long interpretation of his own of the character that many seem to be hailing as the best ever. Less doesn't seem to be more anymore, at least not to the cinema artistes, but from this end, all I can see is a film drowning in its own indulgence.Reeves is obviously keen to maintain the bleak, heavy tone established by Christopher Nolan, and so we have a Gotham City with seemingly endless heavy rain, and gloomy skies, set against Pattinson's dark, brooding stare and gravelly voiceovers, set to the background of the emo rock soundtrack. It's just one of many things ripe for parody in a film that takes itself much too seriously and feels almost devoid of any humour and light. Even more overdone is Dano's dark 'Riddler', operating in some garish gimp suit that just looks ridiculous. Thrown in to this is the topical 'social justice' speeches that litter film and TV today, with Kravitz's Catwoman even praising the 'sinister' villain (who we're meant to hate!) at one point, for killing 'all these white privileged a$$holes.' It's just trying to cram a whole load of eggs in to one basket, over ambitious and overlong, and by the time of the main villain's grand 'master plan' at the end, you're too overwhelmed (or bored) to care.Everyone else can think what they like, but personally this is one of the most pretentious Batman's ever, which might have been a bit more bearable if it had just been less self indulgent, or at least had an old fashioned, Lawrence of Arabia style 'intermission' at some point. **
5 THE BATMAN (2022) is a movie where my expectations lowered as it got closer to opening night. However, unlike most people, lowering my expectations means exactly that and nothing more. I didn't expect The Batman to be great. But that doesn't mean that I liked it just because I had low expectations. I don't give passes to awfulness or mediocrity, but ESPECIALLY when it's a high budget, hyped film like The Batman with a pretty reputable director and cast. While this troupe of actors isn't exactly Godfather caliber, they are nothing to sneeze at either. Robert Pattinson has gained a lot of traction over the years slowly removing himself of the universally panned Twilight movies. And in particular John Turturro, Jeffrey Wright, Colin Farrell, and Paul Dano are very well respected in the film industry. Even Andy Serkis is highly regarded for his physical and voice acting in the 2010s Ape movies. Zoe Kravitz is really the only questionable casting. But from this overall reputable cast, I thought that the acting was good at best. Save for Paul Dano as The Riddler, none of the performances really stood out as anything more than serviceable.To the elephant in the room, how was Pattinson as Batman? I dare say that Pattinson low-key reverted to his Twilight days of being overly broody, moody, and staring too much in this film. The dialogue did the actors no favors, either. It was very bland and lacked genuine humor or wit. Also very weirdly, Pattinson was way more verbose as Batman than he was as Bruce, who did a lot of that awkward staring at people in the scenes where Bruce was featured, which were few and far in between. And when he would stare as Batman, I just didn't feel a sense of fear or danger coming from him. I felt like you could put any actor of decent physical stature in this costume and he would just as intimidating as Pattinson, which isn't saying much. Pattinson's "acting" was just a bunch of staring and scowling at people throughout the movie. He was too stiff and emotionless like a statue. As for his character development, there really wasn't any. He just brooded and moped through most of the film then at the end flipped a switch and realized that his true goal was helping people instead of getting revenge. Saving the subway mugging victim wasn't helping? Playing detective with Gordon wasn't helping? Saving Selina from herself wasn't helping? He's been playing vigilante crime fighter for 2 years and putting criminals behind bars. How is that not helping people?Next, to Zoe Kravitz. From what I've seen of her in a few other things, including the Divergent franchise she's really not much of an actress. And this film did nothing to change my mind. She was OK as Selina Kyle/Catwoman, but nothing special. In fact, I feel like Selina's entire arc was awkwardly shoehorned into the movie and could not have even existed. Why was I supposed to care about Selina and this Russian girl? They had barely one scene of Batman scoping their apartment as they apparently argued then a few scenes later her dead body is in a trunk and I felt nothing. Then there was the cliche and uninspired reveal that Selina was Falcone's daughter. I just blankly stared at the screen when she revealed that information. And in the climactic scene where she went to kill Falcone, she was useless. Then the writers made up for it by having her randomly be there to save Batman in the climax. Never mind how someone as small as her could have the strength to pull up a man twice her size. Also, I must be the only one on the planet who thought her mask looked silly and her pixie hairdo was awful. And Kravitz is extremely good-looking, so why the bad haircut? But mainly, Kravitz and Pattinson had zero chemistry. I felt nothing from their various interactions. This film didn't need her character nor this "love story" at all.As for the remaining cast, the various actors Turturro (as Falcone) Wright (as Lt. Gordon), Dano (as Riddler), Farrell (as Penguin), and Serkis (as Alfred) did their best with an odd script. As mentioned before Dano was able to somehow generate a performance approaching greatness from the limited script. I actually expected Farrell to be the standout, but his performance was reduced to him just being physically unrecognizable and sporting a different voice. But Penguin as a character was just kind of there like everyone else. With the possible exception of Gordon, all other iterations of these characters have been done better. I have more of a problem with very minor roles in this movie, just a bunch of bland, interchangeable characters who could have been played by any actor, like the D. A., the lady Mayor, twin bouncers at the club, the uniformed cop who called Batman a freak. None of these people felt believable or unique to me nor left any kind of impression. None of the conversations and character interactions in this film had any kind of emotion, staying power, or re-watchability. It was just characters exchanging stiff dialogue in the blandest possible way.A big problem with this movie is it's running time. It's almost 3 hours long and feels every second of it. Stuff just happens. The movie jumps from scene to scene in a random fashion. Scenes are stretched out due to a bunch of awkward silence and staring and Batman SLOWLY walking around. The main plot, which is based on the Riddler's riddles, is very thin. Somehow, Batman is able to solve every riddle within seconds just to move the plot forward. And at times they don't make sense. Selina would always just randomly show up at the spot where Batman and Gordon were investigating. Then there's the music. The now iconic score just plays endlessly in the background throughout the entire film, many times feeling unearned. I really found the humor to be strained in this film. It wasn't cringe so much as forced. The writers tried to be more nuanced and subtle with the humor, but it just didn't land for me. There were a couple of mild chuckles, but that's about it. Then there's the agenda-riddled dialogue like when Catwoman said the "white privilege" line. I could feel and hear the collective groans in my movie theatre when she said that line. I don't know why Hollywood is so hellbent on inserting cringe stuff like this in virtually every major film nowadays.Also there's the plotholes and inconsistencies. Why is Oswald even called The Penguin in this? He's not supposed to inherit that nickname until much later when he becomes a big crime boss. Why did "Penguin" run away from Batman, resulting in that car chase? Batman isn't a cop and has no right to arrest him? Penguin is protected by Falcone, who owns the police force and the D. A. He could have just given himself up to Gordon and then Falcone would have quickly got him off the charges. Why was the Russian girl's body in the trunk and not disposed of immediately? Speaking of the car chase, it felt like it was shoehorned in just to have a cool scene that was a callback to the one in Batman Returns (the best Batman film ever, btw), except in that movie the Batmobile was under Penguin's control. What was Penguin going to do, leave town? It would have made more sense for him to just let Gordon arrest him and ignore Batman completely since he's not a cop and has no authority or jurisdiction. Why didn't Batman or Gordon care about all the lives that were lost in that highway explosion that they were partially responsible for? They acted like none of that happened and just kept interrogating Penguin and moved on. What's the purpose of Batman helping the police solve crimes and saving people from subway attacks, then turn around and cause highway explosions causing collateral damage? Penguin is a protected mobster who can get away with anything. So what if Gordon arrests him? He'll be out that same night. Why did Riddler just give himself up? Are these writers telling me they wrote this LONG detective story based on a villain who was just going to turn himself in at the climax? So what was the purpose of even telling the story? That means that Batman and Gordon and all their detective work were useless and a waste of time. Then to top it off, Riddler stupidly tells Batman about his big evil plan using his followers. If Riddler doesn't give himself up and says nothing, he wins.The positives are the cinematography, atmosphere and action scenes, thus why this film can at least be called mediocre. The look of Gotham is neo-noirish enough to give a comic book feel and the constant raining and dreariness immerses you into the world. The action scenes are cool, but I swear that the 75% of them were in the trailers, so when I saw them in the movie, it was literal deja vu. The subway beatdown, the club shootout, the car chase...all given away in the trailer. This movie felt more like a super long, rambling, meaningless detective story with a bunch of random characters cosplaying the iconic hero and villains rather than feeling like lived in versions. Interestingly, this director Matt Reeves directed Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, the first sequel to the far superior Rise of the Planet of the Apes, directed by someone else. So it's not surprising that because so many people overrate Dawn and think it's better than Rise, I'm also seeing a lot of people already overrate The Batman as one of the best Batman movies. Reeves has a tone that appears to appeal to a lot of people, but not this moviegoer. Since it's already a given there will be 2 sequels to The Batman...better luck next time.
3 Have just came back from a screening of this & must say I wasn't impressed!The film sees The Batman taking down The Riddler who plans to unleash devastation across the city! Batman must try & stop him before all hell breaks loose!I found the film to be boring, depressing & most importantly, too long at a staggeringly bad, 2 hours & 47 minutes!! Whoever was hired as editor needs to be shot as this was unacceptable! Easily, a good hour could've been exercised from this mess of a film with a plot so stretched you don't know what's what! Like other films of this kind, the pacing & runtime seem to have this effect on the story where is drags out soo long that you forget/can't make ends meat with the story! The dark tone while fitting was a bit too dark for its own good! Even the story itself was pretty naff & failed to interest me! There was also 1 line regardingr being mentioned, along with the implicated message which was out of order & typical of Hollywood today, which I felt was pretty unnecessary, not to mention a few other things which I didn't appreciate that were unneeded in the film!Patterson was alright for Batman & the effects & action were good! Some eye candy here & there with Zoe Kravitz wasn't bad either!Overall, it's heavily overrated! It's too long, too boring & dull to the core with a weak story-line that's stretched to breaking point!3/10.
3 Couldn't even finish this drivel... Firstly : Pattinson is a good actor but doesn't fit Batman's role ...Film is way too long and boring , action is underwhelming ...Overall a big disappointment... Can't recommend it at all...
3 I never cared much for The Riddler and I don't care for him in this movie either. It was such a terrible villain to create because he is so close to being like The Joker. This version of him is exactly like that, but with a bit of a twist.Robert Pattinson is miscast as Batman. I found him to be weak and unappealing. He seems to be straining his voice to copy the other versions of Batman with the deep froggy voice. He has the look though. He never smiles and he has that little head bob when he is talking. I think he got that from Keaton's version.I didn't care for the Batmobile. I didn't care for the care chase except for the end of it which was well done.There was too much whispering in the scenes. Speak up sonny! I can't hear you!The rest of the cast is meh. The Penguin is not the Penguin. Catwoman is underwhelming. I haven't see this much of a miscast of Catwoman since Michelle Pfeiffer or Halle Berry. Alfred is good, but I didn't like his arc. The script has several story arcs in it, but the one main arc leads me to believe this is an alternate Universe Batman.Overall it was OK, but with strings attached. It is really forgettable. It has a lot of lows and a few highs.
5 Everything about this movie is trying too hard - the over dramatic score, the long shots on characters faces, the overacting, the complex crime story - it all feels it's trying to get an Oscar in every moment.It's overly long, drawn out, and the story feels like a generic crime saga that has the Batman universe shoehorned into it.This movie is not a masterpiece, but it spends a lot of effort making you think it is!
3 I went in with ultra-low expectations because I think Robert Pattison is a god-awful actor and, this film took my expectations and made me promptly realise that, you can always go lower.I'm actually angry I wasted 3 hours of my life (and trust me, every minute of that time was felt).However, let's have some positives: cinematography is great and the music is fantastic. The opening scenes with The Batman made me think, I was going to have another Heath moment and be forced to eat my words because those opening scenes are indeed something special.But then the film gets going. Part "Saw" rip-off and so desperately wants to be "Se7en" in its execution, the story dragged. You don't care about any of the characters and I found myself pining for Clooney and his bat-nipples and Mr. Freeze.What I found really funny though is the producer of this utter mess got in touch with Nolan and warned him, "We're going to make a better Batman than you." No. Just no.Like the last Lord of The Rings film, this has an ending that just keeps on coming. Something wraps up and you start to get ready to leave, the film continues. Something else is wrapped up and you think, "That's it..." and it keeps going.... Something else, and on and on and on...I can see why the guy in the seat nearby racked up a massive line of coke and snorted it midway through (and no, I'm not joking... Welcome to Southampton).With regards to the plank of wood.... Sorry... "Pattison". In the initial scenes I was genuinely excited. Never a fan of his costume before, seeing it here - suddenly I "got it". He proper beats down on someone in a vicious attack. They get back up... In fact, everyone he bat-punches gets back up and just attacks him from behind again. There's no real threat here. When Bale smacked someone down, they stayed dead. But then, when Bale stripped off (same as Affleck), they were built. Robert looked like me and I look like Mr. Burns from The Simpsons. A skeletal mess with no beef there whatsoever. In fact, when Robert bent over in one topless scene, his bones stuck out and I thought wings were going to pop out. But then, why wouldn't they when he infamously said he refused to bulk up for the role (I would have sacked him there and then).His time as Bruce is strictly limited - thank God - so you can't really judge him for that. As Bruce he just stands there and looks confused. As The Batman, by the end he became a parody. His Batman voice changed to the same sound as the joke Batman in the college humour videos (A is for Alfred = genius). When he was mad, it just look like he was pulling a cum-face. And don't even get me started on the Adrian Mole diary keeping that's going in with the voice-over narration.Honestly, with the exception of the opening ten minutes or so, I have never hated a film so much as I did this and given I went in with low expectations, even I am surprised at how fuming I am at myself for wasting my time on it.
3 Matt Reeves is not a good director at all-- -he's made one decent film, Rise of the Planet of the Apes, and everything else he's done falls into one of two categories: junk and overrated junk. Thank goodness The Batman is at least the latter instead of the former. If the producers weren't trying sooooo hard to make the film 'dark' maybe it could have created a new category of just overrated.Firstly, David Fincher himself is bad enough, but David Fincher imitations are even worse. This movie's rote serial-killer plot indulges in every single one of those irritating tropes that Nolan already played around with, most notably the 'but he wanted to be captured!' eye-roller. (Also irritating are Reeves' cheap attempts to desecrate Schubert's music while playing into the other trope of the psychopathic killer who likes classical music). Modern culture's obsession with and inadvertent glorification of serial killers is one of my greatest pet peeves---they are just pathetic and boring characters who are all the same. Exchange the Riddler for any of the killers in Fincher's movies and there is basically no difference.Secondly, the casting is sometimes bizarre. DC has often thrived on unorthodox casting-if they can make Ben Affleck work as Batman anything goes-but they trip up here since we have the high-water mark of the Nolan trilogy to compare it to. Andy Serkis as Alfred? That completely does not work; he just lacks the sophistication of Michael Caine. The new Commissioner Gordon is no Gary Oldman, that's for sure. The Riddler joins the swelling ranks of villains desperately trying to imitate Heath Ledger. (The Riddler from the '66 Batman show was vastly superior--heck, Jim Carrey was). The new Catwoman is alright given the rest of this casting, but is rendered irritating by a script that causes here to carry ON and ON about some friend of hers that ends up killed. Why she's so emotionally attached to this friend is a mystery not even Batman dares solve. The closest thing to a saving grace is the infamously unrecognizable Colin Farrell as the Penguin--- the car chase scene was great even as I kept wondering why none of the vehicles were hydroplaning with something like a full inch of water on the road.Thirdly, the pacing is off. I've seen people accuse Nolan of being portentous, but The Batman takes it to a whole new level with it's bloated runtime. It doesn't even have the quasi-grandeur of the Snyder Cut due to the banal serial killer story which mostly requires people to pop in and out of the Penguin's club ad nauseam. Reeves said that he was supposedly inspired by Alfred Hitchcock, but other than a 'Rear Window' throwback in the opening scene I don't see it. The film is mostly shot like a generic TV procedural filtered through a David Fincher lens, and Reeves completely lacks the morbid playfulness that made Hitchcock so sublime. Reeve's sole technique for suspense is to have the Riddler hovering around in the background while an unsuspecting victim putters about.Ugh. If any good this would have become DC's highest grossing film ever. As it is, people will lose interest after a little while and the box office receipts will drop.
4 Robert P is a terrible Batman. Absolutely no Bat-charisma at all. The Riddler character is a complete bore! I hated all of this film. I certainly do not understand the good reviews. It's not close to the Dark Knight caliber. Please do not make a sequel.
5 I just don't enjoyed it at all. It's too long, bored me to dead. I loved the previous Batman movies but this isn't as good as these movies . Moreover,It's ratings make me sad and laugh at the same time. It's not good enough compared to these movies, maybe, I just had too much high exceptions about this which eventually fall flat.... :3.
5 March 2022 I'm not sure where to begin as I don't generally want to spoil the reveals, but the big twists in the film were very anticlimactic. For 'The Batman'; Matt Reeves seemed to borrow from some of the bigger books such as 'Batman: Year One', 'Hush', and 'Batman: The Long Halloween'. Reeves also leaned heavily onto films such as 'The French Connection', 'Zodiac', and the noir classic 'Chinatown'. The general feel of the movie sought to relate Batman in the detective role that he's famous for in the comics, but unfortunately ignores any attempt at Batman's level of crime & mystery.The acting was really good. There's a great cast of professionals in this film, although Robert Patterson isn't allowed a range of emotion. Bruce Wayne and Batman are completely indistinguishable as the tired emo-kid who walks through life with severe lethargy. Colin Farrell is unrecognizable as the Penguin, and dare I say gave the greatest performance of his life. A large portion of the film is writing out a semi-origin story for Oswald Cobblepot and his rise to become Gotham's crime boss. A lot of the villains are the origin stories here. Batman (the character) is basically introduced the way he is in 'Batman: Year Two' and I thought that was a mistake. Year one of Batman would have been wonderful on screen. The audience seeing Bruce Wayne learning to use fear in his early days would have been a relief to this movie's "Everyone is just scared of him." plot device. Zoe Kravitz's performance as Selena Kyle becoming Cat Woman was under-developed, as she was so much fun to watch in 'The Batman' that I'd like to see this spin-off into a stand-alone Cat Woman release. Jeffery Wright was brilliant (of course) even remaining quiet in the Batman's background he pulled the attention onto himself, mostly because Patterson's portrayal was incredibly stiff. Paul Dano as The Riddler was exactly what I wanted to see in this movie. The character reached a new level of applause as a serial killer, but saddly that part of the plot was put on the back burner for the lackluster crime drama with Carmine Falcone. John Turturro was great as the crime boss Falcone, but the plot focused too long on his side story rather than offering more clues about the killings. It dragged on so long that it bored me completely. I went into 'The Batman' to see him match wits with a clever serial killer, not be re-educated about the connection between Thomas Wayne & Carmine Falcone again.The action sequences with the car chases and the fight choreography seemed old fashioned in a way. I knew before hand that Reeves lifted from some older better known films, but it's as if they dropped the budget on these scenes. Batman racing to catch the Penguin was an old muscle car Batmobile versus (what I'm guessing was) a 1980's Buick. I was laughing at this chase scene... it was presented with such seriousness that maybe if Penguin were in an expensive Italian sports car, I might have enjoyed it. But it was literally a supped-up car desperately trying to out pace my mom's car. The fighting was dull. Hand to hand combat is one of the first things Bruce Wayne learns before donning the cowl. But in this movie Batman is throwing punches a newly trained boxer would scoff at. So much of these scenes were empty and devoid of thrills and chills, that I wondered where the editor was.'The Batman' is simply too long. It's a ridiculous attempt to impress fans of it's own significance. It fails at cohesive story-telling and it basically pats itself on the back throughout the unnecessary musical score. Unlike the Dark Knight before it - I won't watch it again.
4 This movie is so overlong that you feel like it's never going to end at some point. I thought it was about to end for a few times and then another scene plays out. That just proves how badly composed and poorly plotted it is. The main problem with it is that it tries to please everyone and ends up being all over the place. The dark theme and psychological elements are probably influenced by Joker and its success, but they have no substance whatsoever. It's just a very artsy and pretentious take on the Batman character that looks very stylish and flashy, but it's nothing we haven't seen before. In fact, it uses familiarity as its one and only promise.
3 I've seen campy Batman movies from Joel Schumacher, I've seen more grounded/realistic Batman movies from Christopher Nolan, and I've even seen a goofy Batman movie from Chris McKay, but there's one thing I never in my life thought I'd see...a boring Batman movie. Matt Reeves pulled off that unlikely feat with this 3-hour-long drudgery of a film. Admittedly, I'm coming at this as a person who has never clicked with the character of the dark knight. I find Batman to be massively overrated, and I struggle to see why the entire world bows down to him as if he's the greatest superhero of all time. That being said, I can still find entertainment from his stories, and rarely have outright hatred for the films (aside from when Zack Snyder directs them.)The Batman feels like a film made after Matt Reeves spent a great deal of time reading fan discussions on the internet, so it ticks a number of the boxes that I've heard comic book nerds complain about over the years. They make a point of never having Batman kill anyone. I mean, one could argue a few received head wounds that could easily lead to their death, and he caused a car crash that could easily have been fatal, but at least he's not pulling out a gun on anyone or dropping people off the top of a building. Also, all those fanboys love to talk about Batman being the world's greatest detective, so in this movie the first time we see the Caped Crusader, he's literally walking into an active crime scene. It's a ridiculous juxtaposition that made me chuckle, but I'm sure there were some people out there who wanted to applaud that moment.The other aspect of The Batman that had me chuckling when I don't think they intended anything to actually be funny was when we meet Bruce Wayne outside of the mask. First of all, there's another bit of fan service in the fact that we actually see him with black makeup smeared around his eyes. But worse than that is just the exaggerated emo goth-kid look that makes it appear that Robert Pattinson is cosplaying as Gerard Way from My Chemical Romance. There were more than a few scenes where we are looking at Bruce Wayne through a bunch of long greasy black bangs and I was wondering who thought that was a good idea. I will give Pattinson credit for not overdoing the Batman voice too much, and almost always disguising his native British accent.As I said at the start, though, the big problem with The Batman is just the fact that it's boring. The film drags on and even the action sequences feel kind of bland and lacking in memorable moments. There's one car chase that stands out as the biggest moment where I was literally checking the time, because it added nothing to the plot of the film. The entire plot is a non-stop series of tropes that feel like I'm watching someone who wants to do a Tarantino-style homage to other crime-thrillers, but without the talent of Tarantino. The story is slow-moving, and insanely repetitive. I could not believe how many times they returned to the same places and did the same things. There was a complete lack of efficiency in the storytelling, as if no one was willing to cut anything, and I felt there were entire characters and storylines that could have easily gone without hurting the story one bit.The entire movie is built around a big puzzle, which I can get behind. It started developing as though there was a genuine murder mystery for us to uncover. But as things started to move along it became clear they didn't have a reveal that would warrant all the time they spent building it up. As a side note, I think I'll be happy if I never again have to see a scene where a person is questioned about who is the big bad behind everything, and they say they can't tell because something worse than death will happen to them. This only works as a stupid stalling technique to build suspense for the audience, and if you don't have a satisfactory surprise pay-off at the end it's totally ridiculous. Needless to say, The Batman did not have said pay-off. Its biggest surprise was that it wouldn't end because they constantly had one more scene. In every way I found The Batman to be a lackluster movie that somehow made me nostalgic for the days of Schumacher.
5 Could not believe that was Colin Farell under the makeup as Oz. It's not so much this is a bad movie, it isn't, but it's not really a great movie. The sets, the atmosphere, the mood--all are Gotham the TV series. The Batman here is gritty and intense but brings nothing new or innovative to the audience. Basically a C- attempt.
2 To preface this review I will say when watching this in the cinemas, many people walked out. I was looking over my shoulder to see of anyone else was laughing at what cringe this movie delivers.The actors in this were one of the highlights excluding the villain (the riddler) and the Batman. Penguin was by far the coolest and best actor. Honestly a good fellas type character. All other supporting actors were also quite good. I however think Robert pattinson a horrible pick for Batman. The whole time he seems like a really awkward and sad goth kid, I was half expecting him to say "gosh get outta my room". Absolutely trash acting The riddler was even worse! He was the major cringe factor in this movie with awful and dorky video calls where he is super non intimidating and laughable. His video calls reminded me of the horror films my 15 year old class mates had made in high school, their budgets were $0.The relationship between the Batman and cat woman was my only other plus in this movie. The romance was quite sweet and had a lot of tension. They rode around In their awesome motorcycles just roaring through the town it was really cute.The bat mobile was pretty awesome but definitely very weird for a Batman film. The old classic camaro was a little spine chilling not gonna lie.Now to answer everyone's questions I do think Robert pattinson was a terrible choice for Batman for a few reasons. At first I had no qualms but watching the film made me believe he was a bad and cringey actor for the role, he just isn't a badass over masculine kinda guy, like at all. He seems awkward and it shows. His voice wasn't that great, his body was not very big nor muscular like many other batmans, heck even the joker is ripped in suicide squad. The guy is 6ft exactly but his frame is tiny and it shows next to bigger actors. The story was God awful without spoiling pretty much lots of people die, bombs go off and some personal people Batman knows get injured. Then Batman goes welp I can't be in 3 places at once I'm only human. And proceeds to get ko'd twice throughout the movie and punched lots during fights. He is by far the worst and weakest looking Batman with the worst actor to have played him. The cinematography was good and the horror feeling this brings is good but everything else was just so horrible. Did I mention this film is 3 hours long to have a crap middle and end? Well know I know!. Wow I couldn't wait for thr 3 hours to end and multiple people walked out before the film was half finished. Definitely wouldn't reccomend this garbage piece of cinema. 2/10 for me.
2 Right from the 1st leaked screenshots I had doubts about this movie, wasn't bothered by the fact Robbie Pattinson was playing the main man, moody, morose, silent, he had all the things necessary to portray the brooding Batman, unfortunately he had no screen presence, the Batman's mere look should strike fear, Pattinsons didn't, had the resounding thumps of his Jack boots not been amplified to sound like a herd of elephants it would've been easy for him to go unnoticed among the throngs of police officers & various characters.The only scene that attempted to inject any excitement was the "budget Batmobile" chase scene, overly long, quite pointless & shockingly silly and far far too loud, another problem with this movie, whereas the musical score was for the most part the best thing about this movie it's actual sound was one of the worst, every screech, scream and gunshot was turned up to maximum, deafening the audience.Of course the real villain of this movie is the story or more precisely its lack of one, yes we're introduced to "the Penguin" an overweight balding scar faced slob that screams more sleazy pervert than villain & a complete waste of use of the character then its "the Riddler" a bespectacled "youtuber" in what's best described as a gimp costume, a character with no special talents yet is somehow able to enter unseen an exclusive apartment and commit murder, a locked vehicle to over power it's driver and enter unseen a police gym and over power the cheif of police and kidnap him and all the while screeching like a banshee on video & facetime.The films runtime is far too long telling a story that is uninteresting and ultimately very boring, there are no heroic deeds performed no good guy to root for.The time line for this movie becomes apparent from the diary kept by Bruce Wayne and various TV news broadcasts, this is year two in the career of the Batman yet he isn't the vigilante that's feared by the criminal underground yet he's hated by the police force, with no context to work from of his past deeds as a vigilante its very confusing.Quite simply this isn't a movie about Batman , Pattinson could have played the character without the costume and the movie would have still been the same, a very boring lacklustre detective story.Zoe Kravitz plays Catwoman, a character completely different to the Halle Berry version but played equally as badly.Put simply this movie ranks worse Batman movie behind the awful Batman and Robin, as the caped crusader Pattinson isn't a patch on Keaton, Kilmer, Bale or even Afflek.I can only imagine Warner Bros/DC wanted to emulate the profits they raked in from "The Joker" so decided to give Batman the same treatment but where "Joker" stripped away everything and concentrated on the character "The Batman" strips away everything about the character and concentrates on everything else, the sets, cinematography and secondary characters are fine tuned and highly detailed whereas Batman is reduced to a pair of "Jack boots" clumping through the movie.By the end of Matt Reeves "The Batman" I felt I knew a little about what it was like to be in a hostage situation, the elation I felt at the ending of the movie gave newly found strength to my numbed legs allowing me to bound out from the cinema seat seeking the freedom of the evening air, it was a wonderful experience, something I sadly can't say about the movie.Nolans trilogy is still the best, he gave the character a begging a middle and an end and he did it with style all the while telling a complex and interesting story about complex and interesting characters, Matt Reeves fails abysmally with "The Batman" choosing to emulate scenes from past Batman movies rather than creating something new and unseen, from Keatons Bruce Wayne to Bales Dark Knight it's all there easily recognised.If this is Reeves idea of re-booting the character for a new generation then it was a pointless endeavour, the new generation hasn't the need or interest for it, they certainly don't have the patience to sit through 3 hours of it.The movie is about the beginning of Batman's career when he is young, full of the energy necessary to fight the criminals and crime of Gotham city, Pattinsons "Batman" meanders through the movie as if he were a zombie looking disinterested and deflated, this is not a superhero movie nor a movie about a hero, it should not be a movie at all.
10 I'll admit I raised an eyebrow when I saw that Pattinson was cast, but I eat my words, he was awesome, and hopefully will play the part a few more times.This film blew me away, exciting, fast paced, surprisingly gritty, and genuinely had an awesome story.The franchise somehow felt renewed here, even if you're not a fan of superhero movies, you will love this.Andy Serkis was genuinely awesome, but when isn't he? The acting throughout was fantastic, with plenty of well known faces.Great music, great special effects, I've already booked to see it again.10/10.
5 It's outrageous how some people are saying this is better than the Dark Knight movies. This movie doesn't come near any of the dark knight trilogy.It had some really fun scenes like most of the riddler scenes were good. But it just dragged on with so much dialogue that didn't seem to be that important. I'd actively avoid watching this movie again.
6 I will say I liked the story, but the long dragged out and slowly paced near 3 hours was ridiculous. You could watch this at 1.5x speed and it would be more enjoyable. This needed at least 20 mins cut out and much faster storytelling. And the constant whisper dialogue in most of the film became annoying really fast.I do like Pattinson as an actor, but not as Batman in this one. He wasn't convincing and his monotonic whispering dialogue and Emo demeanor was very lackluster to the point of cringeworthy. And that's him both as Batman and even more so as Bruce Wayne.And what's with Colin Farrell being cast with all these prosthetics to play the Penguin? Was every other actor that naturally has that character's look unavailable? It's not like Farrell has a particular set of Penguin skills lol. Casting Farrell as Batman and Pattinson as Penguin, now that would've worked much better imo.I'm also a big fan of Westworld's Jeffrey Wright, but here again, he was very unconvincing as Gordon, especially when he also had that monotonic whispering Emo demeanor. I get that director and joint writer Reeves was going for that dark lonely dreary theme, but instead, the characters looked bored and inexperienced actors with sore throats.The only one that nailed their character perfectly was the lovely and beautiful Kravitz, who stole the entire show. I would've rather watched a 4+ hour movie with just her as Catwoman.All the Affleck, Keaton, Bale, Kilmer and even Clooney Batman characters were much more convincing, as well as having more and better "keep you awake" action in said films.Sadly, this one is a generous yet disappointing 6/10 from me.
6 Wasn't a fan of Emo Batman. Sorry Robert Pattinson. Film was just a bit bleh and felt like it was trying too hard to emulate Christopher Nolan and David Fincher. In the end, the mystery was a bit meh and not worth the three hours of what was mostly a run-of-the-mill Superhero film lacking much excitement or thrill. The Riddler was a bit lame too. Forgotten most of the movie and characters already. Underwhelming.5.5/10.
5 I'm not sure how I can make my comment any more generic without offending anyone. This movie has a sub-agenda that I thought unprofessional and inappropriate and distracting from the story. Enjoy.
2 I'll say it started pretty good and I liked the cinematography. But I thought it dragged on, and the social commentary on destroying "white privileged men" was ironic as that's what Batman is- a privileged white rich guy who can mascarade as a vigilante because he's rich and has all the free time to do so; and we feel for him because boo boo he's an orphan. This was a very obvious "woke" fest. I like the diversity but it's when they blatantly shove rhetoric down your throat that it starts to become cringey. Pattinson was so sleepy, like Joe Biden in a Batman suit sleepy. Joker is my favorite movie of all time and I feel like they tried to go for that but it just had too many missteps. I did like Farrell as the Penguin and the Riddler was basically Dexter the Anti-hero...
10 I have been absolutely fizzing to see 'The Batman' from the day it was announced, but even more so from when I first heard it described as being inspired by 'Se7en' - one of my favourite psychological thrillers of all time. Were we finally going to get the raw and gritty Batman film I'd always dreamed of seeing? We certainly were.Where to begin? The biggest thing that struck me with this film was just how much time we got to spend with Batman, as Batman. There is very little of Bruce Wayne in this movie and I'm absolutely fine with that. The movie is Batman's story and we are with him from start to finish. We even get some narration from him, which I'm not quite sure how I feel about just yet. It was very good narration but I'm not sure he's a character I want it from.The Riddler in this movie is phenomenal. After The Joker in 'The Dark Knight' this is absolutely my second favourite Batman film villain. He was clearly inspired by the Zodiac killer and what an inspired choice. Also the use of the riddles in the film is nothing short of genius. These are very clever riddles and puzzles and make Batman have to do some serious detective work - something I've always wanted more of from him in the previous films.This is my favourite incarnation of Catwoman to date. I haven't loved her character's place in the films in the past. I've found she slows everything down and brings out a dull side of Batman that I haven't enjoyed. In this film though she was used perfectly. She's the love interest and a villain/anti-hero all in one. That is massive because it saves another thing that can often bog down a Batman film - the pointless love interest.The Penguin was probably the one letdown for me. From what I'd seen in the trailer I suspected this may be the case. I'm wondering if they were using this movie as a set-up for him and then in the second film he will evolve and have a lot more to do. In this one though I just found him quite a dull screen-presence.Robert Pattinson as Batman blew me away. He looked great and his voice was perfect. He was extremely intense and very menacing. Even though I knew he was more than capable of playing the role, I think I still needed to see the end product just for confirmation that he had what it takes. He absolutely did and then some.The film has quite a unique feel. There are scenes and sequences in this film that would feel out of place in both Tim Burton's Batman universe and Christopher Nolan's universe. But then there are little aspects from each of their respective films which clearly inspired parts of 'The Batman'. It basically took the best things from each of them and then twisted them into it's own style - while obviously adding a lot of its own stuff also. It's very well done in that sense.The Batmobile in this movie is awesome. There's just no other way to put it. The sound it made and the vibrations it sent through my cinema chair were bone-chilling. The chase sequence in this movie with The Penguin is one of the best I've ever seen.The film is long at just under 3 hours but it really never feels like it. There's a short period in the middle of the movie where everything slows down for a little while. That really is the only flat part of the movie however. The rest happens at a break-neck pace.It's hard to find enough good things to say about this movie. I need to see it again and digest a couple of things for a little longer, but for now I have it firmly sitting in second place behind 'The Dark Knight' in my order of favourite Batman films. 10/10.
2 I never thought that I would view a worse DC movie than Catwoman or the Harley Quinn movie. I was sorely mistaken. The Batman by far is the absolute biggest mistake in any comic book adaptation. The casting was wrong - there was not one cast member who had a good performance; the script was pitiful - it was too long and all over the place; the direction was terrible and the editing was questionable.Nothing was a positive about this film except the end credits where you could escape the misery.
10 Disclaimer - This is a spoiler free reviewWorries about yet another Batman coming into the fray should be alleviated very quickly as director Matt Reeves version of the caped crusader done by the way of Seven takes hold early on and refuses too let go on its way to a well earned three hour runtime that is full of surprises, atmosphere, historical nods and artistry as Reeve's David Fincher like epic takes us on a memorable Gotham adventure that may divide casual fans, all the while becoming a new favourite for long term fans of DC Comics most famous creation.Those expecting a film similar to Christopher Nolan's duly praised Dark Knight trilogy may find themselves disappointed where Reeves is clearly taking Robert Pattinson's portrayal of the vigilante seeking Bruce Wayne, here caught up in a mysterious game run by the devious Riddler who is targeting high end Gotham figures in a series of grizzly murders, as while Reeve's film does share some similar DNA to Nolan's version of Batman (serious in tone and dark in more ways than one) this is a far less action oriented ride that relishes in the small moments as much as it does when its scattered collection of action does make its way to the forefront.Taking its inspiration from various crime/thrillers found throughout feature film history and undoubtedly featuring a narrative taken from Batman's famed detective oriented tales such as The Long Halloween, The Killing Joke and Year One, The Batman thankfully skips past bothering with yet another origin story as we find Pattinson's bruised and battered crusader of justice two years into his crime fighting life as his become a creature of the night struggling to balance being the billionaire heir his known for and the hero no one understands and by moving past these steps Reeves is allowed to fully focus on the story at hand that allows his creativity as a director and his loaded casts talents to shine.Not a household name but a director whose failed to put a foot wrong since his 2008 breakthrough with Cloverfield and then his continued success with horror remake Let Me In and his double hit of blockbuster goodness with Dawn of and War for the Planet of the Apes films, Reeves with valuable help from Dune cinematographer Greig Fraser and one of composer Michael Giacchino's best scores in years embeds every frame of The Batman with something to take in or be wowed by and the film is easily up there with one of the most impressively put together comic book films and blockbusters in general of the modern era, even if its more slow paced nature and untypical narrative may not be what certain viewers are after from this long-standing property.Also helping out the films cause in a big way is the work of all main players found within Reeve's rain-soaked affair with the likes of Jeffrey Wright as everyone's favourite policeman Lieutenant James Gordon, John Turturro as crime matriarch Carmine Falcone, the unrecognizable Colin Farrell as the very un-Danny DeVito Oz/The Penguin and Zoe Kravitz as Selina Kyle/Catwoman all putting in good work that is overshadowed by the one-two double punch of Pattinson's tormented Wayne and Paul Dano's skin crawling take on The Riddler, with the two polar opposites giving us something as memorable and close to greatness as we'd ever likely get to Christian Bale's and Heath Ledger's double act in The Dark Knight.A divisive choice early on, Pattinson proves a worthy owner of the famous character with his noteworthy work over the last few years proving to be no fluke and Edward Cullen a mere sparkling dream of yesterday and his both imposing and vulnerable here, a hard mix to get right but one he nails in all instances and while not hogging huge screen time in the overall scheme of things, Dano's work as the films main foe here is menacing, unnerving and glorious to behold with Eli Sunday being transported to the modern era sans his Bible and replaced with wide rimmed specs hidden under a hideous mask, while its a hard task to be considered as dastardly great as Ledger was in his Oscar winning role as Batman's arch rival, Dano does a job that can be considered right up there in the same league as he gives The Batman an unwieldy edge not often found in such fare.There's no question this serious and moody take on Batman's world will be compared often to The Dark Knight with many arguments sure to ensue, if you were to ask me here and now what I think, I would say its unlikely anything will ever reach the heights of Nolan's beloved game changer but this Batman comes mightily close which is some form of mighty feed indeed.Final Say -A very different type of Hollywood blockbuster that also sees Batman taken in a new and exciting direction when it comes to feature films, The Batman is an artistic and considered epic that sets in motion a tale that can't be continued soon enough.5 shades of eyeliner out of 5.For more reviews visit Jordan and Eddie (The Movie Guys)
9 This is probably the only Viking-related entertainment I have ever watched to thoroughly respect and appreciate our heritage. What a fantastic cast, cinematography and blend of realism and the supernatural. Absolutely masterfully crafted.Netflix and Marvel can try their best to ruin the image of my ancestors. All I can say is thank god for Eggers and The Northman.
10 My first impression is that this is a contender for the Most Metal Movid. It's like when you first see The Wild Bunch with a good screen and sound, you leave with more chest hair than when you came into it (whether you're a man or a woman). It's brawny, bloody, brutal, graphic revenge fiction made by a filmmaker who is so sincere that any further to the right or left and it could could self parody. It never is and if I found myself chuckling over how unique a giant vision of how violence dooms.... everything and everyone.Eggers and his absolute Top of the Heap artisans and designers, from the designers of those trippy sequences to whichever team made *that* severed head to the volcano set piece and location scouts etc etc, manage to transport you to a time and place that is not familiar to I'd suspect 90% of us, and even for like a Game of Thrones comparison that has more of a modern sensibility and humor than this. Eggers and Sion manages to pack two semesters worth of study on Mythology into a little over two hours in a completely organic sensibility.But there's a mystery to parts of the symbolism here that I'm sure will keep me coming back to analyze things like the Supernatural and otherworldly (are they totems to the afterlife? What about the Valhalla woman on the horse riding into the sky? Well... all of a piece, right). Amid the transporting into this other realm is this sense that violence is so overencompansing it can swallow you whole.And the performances add to this feeling of fervor and intensity and with 11000% pathos going on in that similar sincerity with the design elements. And occasionally much needingly with Anya Taylor Joy, who is so strong as the pulsating beating heart beneath this thing. Someone like her character helps to not so much soften but balance out how almost everyone else here, certainly Skarsgard in a towering and angry but vulnerable turn but also Hawke in his time and Kidman when she gets her moments (next Oscar already throw her one she is staggeringly good), is firing on these cylinders of seriousness and primal rage and sadness and just.... fire is the word for it. If you've ever seen a Heavy Metal album cover the actors are channeling *every one that has ever existed* into this one film (Bjork being like the weirdo Norway metal for her minute or two).Robert Eggers has been a filmmaker to watch for a while now. With this, he joins the all timers. What a master. What a giant hunk of 20 pound steak of a movie with grizzled onions and hot pepper. Sorry guess it made me hungry for meat.
9 Like his memorable period piece freak-outs "The Witch" and "The Lighthouse," though on a vastly more ambitious scale, bloody and deliciously violent. The Northman is a big-budget epic, but it retains those indie roots, and in " Robert Eggers " fashion , very aesthetically pleasing. This film delivers ! Powerhouse performances and otherworldly imagery . I highly recommend at some point to see this blood-soaked odyssey !! Sooner rather than later. A cinematic saga. The cast in this one is absolutely incredible. Check out the cast ....
The Northman starring Alexander Skarsgard, Anya Taylor-Joy, Nicole Kidman, Ethan Hawke, Willem Dafoe, and Bjrk.
10 The Northman's combination of a large budget and epic scale with a slow burn character drama make it an incredibly unique and rare film. A disturbingly violent yet breathtakingly beautiful exploration of the cycle of violence and it's burden on those it consumes.Alexander Skarsgrd gives a phenomenal lead performance, full of a ridiculously intense physicality balanced with a visible pain and trauma. Anya Taylor-Joy is incredible with steely eyed determination and Claes Bang is terrific, bringing depth and nuance to a possibly one note character.Robert Eggers' direction is excellent, full of satisfyingly long takes, visceral action and some truly surreal imagery. The music by Sebastian Gainsborough and Robin Carolan is perfect, skillfully switching between bombastic, haunting and beautiful.
9 An epic film with a straightforward story and effective use of Norse mythology. Its intense rituals, powerful imagery, guttural and pounding music and display of culture in its authentic setting makes for an entertaining and memorable experience. Stunning scenery, brutal and bloody fight scenes and great acting performances, I thoroughly enjoyed it.
8 Everything about this movie screams "beastly." Literal screams along with metaphorical ones. It's a beastly movie with a beastly cast giving beastly performances behind a backdrop of beastly cinematography scored with beastly music.I had a smile on my face for most of the movie. I was fully invested in the story and characters. The directing is top-notch with a style that gives the movie a character of its own. There are so many beautiful shots. And I give it major props for going all out and holding nothing back (we need more R-rated movies!!).In my review for Dune, I mentioned that so many scenes feel so epic even without action. Regular scenes of them walking are somehow epic. It's the same way with The Northman. It's filled with epic non-action moments, which are heavily aided by the music and cinematography. When this is the case, even the slow parts feel escalated.The entire cast gives great performances, but I need to single out Anya Taylor-Joy. I want her cast in every movie. She has the acting talent as well as a screen presence and charisma that has you glued to every scene she's in. I've liked her in everything I've seen of hers, which already includes so many great movies like Split/Glass, Last Night in Soho, and Morgan. We're witnessing the birth of a star. It's possible I'm a bit biased due to her being one of the most beautiful women on the planet.I highly recommend The Northman. If any cinemas in your area are playing it on a premium screen, it's definitely worth it. Unfortunately IMAX is still showing Fantastic Beasts. (1 viewing, opening Thursday EMAX 4/21/2022)
10 THE NORTHMAN (2022) **** Alexander Skarsgard, Nicole Kidman, Claes Bang, Ethan Hawke, Anna Taylor-Joy, Willem Dafoe, Bjork. Filmmaker Robert Eggers' tone poem take on the Viking mythos focuses on the vendetta of vengeance that Amleth (an imposing yet vulnerable Skarsgard) seeks in the murder of his king father (Hawke) at the hands of his malignant uncle that echoes Shakespeare's MacBeth in oh so many ways. Cast with an impressive array of talent including Kidman as his mother with shades of Lady MacBeth and Taylor-Joy as his kindred spirit soulmate. Beautifully shot by Jarin Blaschke and a production design by Craig Lathrop transports you back to 895 AD with on location shooting in Northern Ireland adding to its epic visage overall. Brutal, brooding, dank and doom enlists the film with the ranks of SPARTACUS, BRAVEHEART & GLADIATOR with a hint of Inigo Montoya's blood oath of redemption; one of the year's very best.
9 As it is kind of becoming Eggers trademark, you either love or hate his movies. This one is no different.Is it a realistic viking representation? I wouldn't know I'm no expert on that area, but I don't think that is the point of the film. It is definetely not trying to be realisticly accurate.Is it slow at times, kind of weird, and brutally shocking? Yes that is an Eggers film as it core. Be aware of that.Is it a very enjoyable, compeling, emotional, dramatic and somehow fantastical film about the obsession of revenge and destiny? Yes, absolutely.
10 From the first frame you know that "The Northman" will not be an ordinary movie. Robert Eggers returns with another masterful story far removed from the horror genre (although with some present touches of this genre) and explores an epic story whose excellently written script surprises with each scene and each sometimes theatrical dialogue. The filming locations are tremendous and together with the first level cinematography, the costume design and a spectacular production they achieve a trip to the past and to the mythology of the Vikings. Eggers' film directing excels at every second and the performances are delightful, especially Nicole Kidman's, possibly the best performance of her career. The soundtrack is deep, the special effects shine from how excellent they are. "The Northman" is so far the best film of this 2022 and it can hardly be dethroned. Talking about this movie deserves nothing but praise, an instant classic!
8 Greetings again from the darkness. After two incredible arthouse films that earned the label "visionary filmmaker" for Robert Eggers, some would not have been surprised to find him cashing in on a huge payday for the next colossal superhero movie. But for those of us who adore and respect him for THE WITCH (2015) and THE LIGHTHOUSE (2019), we knew Mr. Eggers was not the comic book type. Instead, he secured a hefty budget (still less than $100 million) and with his co-writer, Icelandic author Sjon (writer of last year's mesmerizing LAMB), created the most epic Viking movie to date ... while firmly maintaining his artsy stylings.Every now and then a movie comes along and I must accept that my words will fall short; that I won't be able to do justice to what I've experienced on screen. This is certainly one of those times. Based on the same Scandinavian folk tale that inspired Shakespeare to pen "Hamlet", this Eggers film is not just meticulously researched, it also pulls us right in so that we slosh through the mud and muck. We shiver from the cold. We feel the wind and the brutality of the violence. We live the harsh elements of Viking life.The film opens in the year 895 AD as young Prince Amleth welcomes home his battle-weary father, King Aurvandil (Ethan Hawke). Not long after jester Heimer the Fool (Willem Dafoe) jokes about the Queen and the King's brother, the boy witnesses his uncle Fjolnir (Claes Bang, the excellent "Dracula" TV mini-series, 2020) strike dead the king. Amleth escapes, pledging to avenge his father's murder and the kidnapping of his mother, Queen Gudrun (Oscar winner Nicole Kidman). Flash forward twenty years and Amleth has become a behemoth of a man played by Alexander Skarsgard (Eric Northman in "True Blood"), who lives, fights, and kills alongside violent 10th century Vikings. Amleth is a hulking beast unmatched in battle, yet one who never unnecessarily harms women or children.His revenge plan leads him to the farming village where his mother and Uncle Fjolnir now live as wife and husband, an arrangement Amleth is certain she adheres to for her own safety and that of her new son. Bjork, in her first big screen role since DANCER IN THE DARK (2000), appears as the seeress who knows Amleth's destiny. It's here where Amleth meets Olga "of the Birch Forest" (Anya Taylor-Joy) and reveals his plan to her. Olga describes her supernatural abilities as breaking men's minds in contrast to his breaking their bones. The two are quite the match.Eggers stages a stunning final showdown with a naked sword fight atop a burning volcano to ensure we aren't subjected to an ending that falls short. The visceral savagery on the screen is somehow both brutal and beautiful. This is epic cinematic brilliance from Eggers and cinematographer Jarin Blaschke, who treat us to numerous long takes in harsh weather and discomforting action. This is 136 minutes featuring some of cinemas best faces, while also proving that visionary is simply not a strong enough word to describe director Robert Eggers.Opening in theaters on April 22, 2022.
8 The NorthmanI thought it was brilliantThis movie is not for everyone due to the levels of violence and gore.It was an incredible mix of different elements that added up to an understanding of brutal Viking culture and how they may have lived. The different themes were fate, revenge, mythology and destiny.The mythological elements were handled with great panache, with highly stylised quasi dream sequences driving the chapters this could have been a disaster but here it worked in spades.There wasn't a lot of script it was all action and Alexander Skarsgrd was perfectly cast as the cast out revenge driven son, in fact the whole movie was stuffed with stars. All I can say Nicole Kidman is wow, who'd have thunk it! The jury is still out on Claes Bang, seemed wooden and Anna Taylor-Joy, had the look, but others may be more kind!It was long at 2 hours and 16 mins, and divided into chapters in a largely linear story. It was very original and any comparison would be crass but the nearest would be The Vikings with Kirk and Tony.I did laugh out loud as some spots, I wasn't meant to, but it was more shock admiration and absurdity than comedic.The director really got some stellar performances from everyone it was masterful in letting a talented group of actors let rip at their craft.The vision, direction, cinematography and finished product is an 8 outta 10, very original and deeply memorable, I am deducting a couple of marks, firstly I sensed some scene were inserted for shock value and were bordering on gratuitous, the romantic elements were just not well done.
10 Beautiful all around nightmare adventure of glorious might and vengeance. Robert Eggers biggest budgeted cinematic experience yet that is a striking art throughout! Alexander Skarsgard is in Tarzan shape that really shines in The Northman, he is perfect for this in every way. The Northman deserves awards or praise for decades at least. The buildup is so well done, acting is masterful, the cinematography is so beautiful color palettes and Eggers films are always well written!
10 Robert Eggers does it again! This isn't just another viking movie, it is one of the BEST dramas ever! GREAT action & emotional too. A fitting end, while also setting up what's next. It is a stunning tale of betrayal and obsessive revenge. With excellent world building saturating every frame, it's one of the most transporting, magical, action-soaked films in some time. Must watch. 10/10.
10 The Northman is unlike anything that has been released this year. Anya Taylor Joy killed it once again in her role. The whole cast was spectacular. I left the theater with my jaw hanging it was unbelievable. I thought I was on the set of this movie that's how real this felt. The last time I saw anything this good was last months The Batman.This movie is a must see film for any history buff or really anyone. The fight scenes are some of the best and most brutal that I have ever seen I thought I was going to get sick they were that good. I hope the Oscars remember this movie because this should win some awards.11/10.
10 Considering the trailer had the quote being said over and over again ("I will avenge you ... I will save you .. I will kill you ..." leaving the spaces on purpose in case someone has not seen the trailer, you can find out about that in the movie then), it is a bit surprising that the grown man we see seems to have forgotten about the words he uttered over and over again as a kid.That being said, it does give another nice turning point and introduces us to an interesting and intriguing character. I am not too familiar with Vikings folklore and saga (I didn't even know much about the History behind the very good tv show Vikings), but I imagine Eggers did quite a bit of research. And I think you can tell by watching it. Even if I hadn't seen a video of him explaining one scene (the first time we see the adult version of out main character that is, on a boat), I could feel that there is a lot of authenticity in the movie.That begins with the set and production design and goes beyond that to the lighting and costumes. The movie is quite dark and while they surely must have used artificial lighting (or at least some digital enhancement), it does feel like you only get the natural lighting that the scene provides. That is quite astounding, all things considered. Especially how producers and audiences want or are used their movies to look like.Talking about looking like: if you are into handsome and well trained bodies, the movie will please with Skarsgard and his transformation - his physical appearance that is. But the movie does not only look good, it also sounds good. While the Green Knight still is something I will remember fondly when it comes to its sound design, this also makes the best use of music and general sounds to create an atmosphere that is truly amazing.There is so much one can write about this and you do not even have to go into the revenge theme of the movie. Or the Valhalla saga - or anything related to the story. Or any of the specific characters - because while the movie seems straightforward, there are a couple of twists along the way. Although I kind of felt one of them more or less coming. Not all of the twist and I did not suspect the reasons behind it, but it did make sense the way it was presented.If you have seen an Eggers movie (The Witch and The Lighthouse come to mind right now), you will be familiar that his movies are not easy. They are also not exactly something that anyone would call blockbuster material ... but they are very well done. And while this takes its time too, to get us to the good parts, there quite a few we will encounter. You can not be faint hearted or easily offended though. I suspect that what I read about producers interfering might have had some impact towards the end. Especially with one scene where the death of a character is not as graphic as it could be, because ... well political correctness and all that. But you'll understand once you see it.Certain things seem inevitable ... and the movies end is one of them. Greatly achieved though - and so well shot. There could have been even more blood, but that doesn't mean that the movie holds back. Also the long tracking shots combined with the action they portray surely where quite hard to achieve anyway or as it is. I can highly recommend this - and I am happy I watched it in cinemas too.
5 This might be an unpopular one, but I guess I have to speak the truth as I found it - which was that I was hoping "The Northman" would be a crazy, wild and brutal Viking adventure - which in some elements it is, but it's also a lyrical, arthouse-style, loose adaptation of Amleth, that perhaps caught me in the wrong mood to truly appreciate.King Aruvandil (Ethan Hawke) is a Viking King, who is murdered by his brother Fjolnir (Claes Bang) who takes his Estate and his Queen Gudrun (Nicole Kidman). Fjolnir fails to kill his son, Amleth (Oscar Novak/Alexander Skarsgard) though, who swears revenge as a child and after years killing and pillaging with an adopted clan, learns that Fjolnir has moved to Iceland. Infiltrating the household as a slave, Amelth joins forces with Olga (Anya Taylor-Joy) another slave in the house and his long-awaited vengeance begins.I can see why people liked it. It's beautiful to look at, shot in practical locations and using CGI to enhance the scenes when required, such as the epic volcano that looms over Iceland throughout the film and features in the ending. The fight scenes are generally well done, though I don't necessarily think that they were as gory as I hoped, or as others seem to have found them. Skarsgard's performance was good, though if I'm honest I'm not sure that any of the rest of the cast (perhaps with the exception of Claes Bang) really fit the roles they were playing. . . These are all actors I like in other things, but personally felt like they were miscast here.Again, I really do feel like on another day, or perhaps at home rather than at the cinema I might have enjoyed the film more, but it felt long, and I didn't care for the times when the film took its more artistic flights of fancy. The film I'd compare it too is "The Green Knight", which is similar in terms of tone and use of fantasy elements, though obviously with a different cultural mythology.It's not often that I feel like the problem with a film I haven't enjoyed might be me, rather than the film - but "The Northman" feels like a film that's going to divide it's audience and, this time, I'm not sold.
8 It's intense, dark, brutal and fierce! The ultimate story about blood vengence. Unlike the Vikings show (History channel) this movie is actually pretty authentic in terms of depicting the viking culture and lifestyle. Eggers certainly has put a lot of his signature storyteliing touch on it which gives the film a unique character. Perhaps not for everybody but most people will probably find it intereating and refreshing!
8 It was finally time, Robert Eggers "The Northman" one of my if not the most anticipated movie of 2022 for me.I was i little bit worried that this movie wouldn't feel like a Robert Eggers movie now that there was some big companies involved in this, but boy was i wrong. The Northman feels just like a Eggers movie but with a bigger budget, and wow what a fantastic movie this was. A dark,brutal and Violent vikings tale with some incredibly beautiful shots and a Swedish viking in the lead role.The Northman feelt like a crossover betweeen The Green Knight and Gladiator and it might already be one of the best movies of the year.
9 Robert Eggers, who watched the epic movie "The Juniper Tree" at the age of 14 and decided to become a director, is now a director who makes epic films. After he proved it with "The Northman", Robert Eggers was promoted to the side of those gods from a good regulation that follows the gods of cinema. A magnificent art direction, a unique cinematography, impressive musical scores, actors and actresses each serving a purpose...
9 This is a movie that I've been excited about. It feels like I heard about this movie a couple years ago and I'm assuming due to COVID, it got pushed back. Knowing that Robert Eggers as doing a new movie that was featuring Vikings and revenge, you had me in. The more that I heard about the cast, it piqued my interest even more. Now I got to see this early thanks to Fright Club Podcast, as they had a showing through the Focus group.We start this movie with Amleth (Oscar Novak) as a boy. He greets his father who is back from war. His father is King Aurvandil (Ethan Hawke) who is known as War-Raven. Amleth's mother is Queen Gudrn (Nicole Kidman). His world is turned upside when his father is murdered and Amleth flees. Years later, he grows up in the land of Rus, having joined another group of Vikings. Amleth is now a fierce berserker. His oath to avenge his father and rescue his mother never leaving his mind. He then sets out to do so. In the process, he meets Olga (Anya Taylor-Joy) and falls in love with her. It makes him question what to do.What I will say is that Eggers has done it again. I've seen all his movies in the theater. This is the one that needs to be seen there for sure. His care with making it feel like we're in the past is great. From the language to the look and the outfits, it is amazing. I like that we're given runes they'd use, the spelling of the things and just the care that was taken has it on point. We get a simple story, but the depths that Amleth goes to get his revenge is amazing. There is also a great cast which helps. I like the music that we get to help build the atmosphere. My experience here was worth seeing it early.My Rating: 8.5 out of 10.
10 This film, filled a hole in my heart: It gave me an example of my favorite genre. When I explain my favorite genre, you'll understand whether you will love this film as much as I did or not. My favorite genre is where history blends with mythology and the supernatural. There is repetition. There is tradition, loyalty to the past and the cliches. The story is based on legends and prophecies rather than logical events. A Hero's Journey but not an ordinary one, The Deconstruction of A Hero's Journey. So basically the story has a twist but that twist is very essential to the story because that is the thing which makes the story, modern. A Modern Myth. Religion/Beliefs play a huge role in the story and have a very complicated relationship with the "hero". I say "hero" because in my favorite genre hero is a hero only because we call them a hero. There are visions in my favorite genre, visions of not what will happen but of what might happen because visions aren't always honest. These basically describe my favorite genre but The Northman has more to it:There is blood, gore... This film is brutal because it is a tale of Vikings and Eggers doesn't shy away from that. This film has the perfect score and sound design, I will lose my s**t if this doesn't get Oscar nominations for those but then there is also the cinematography... One of the most gorgeous films I had even seen. One of the best cinema experiences I had and I ever will have. Unbelievable action, it is hard to even call it action. It is slaughter. In all this blood and brutality there is beauty because this film is directed by Eggers who somehow convinced studios to give him 90 million dollars for his already cult film. The money definitely paid off not only with visuals and sound design but also with acting. Everyone in the cast, especially Skarsgard, is phenomenal. I don't think this film will earn more than its budget therefore I am grateful for everyone who contributed to this film. They filmed my favorite genre and every time I watch a film like this, I pray for another to be made. Every culture has a story like this: The Kelts, Mongols, French, Germans, Hungarians, Native Americans, Chinese, Japanese, Turks, Greeks & so many other cultures have amazing potentials to be discovered by masterful directors and I hope they will be discovered. These films won't be like The Northman but that's what I love about my genre, there is always something original to be made.I hope this review was helpful for you to decide whether you would love this film or not. If you have already watched this film and are here to see what others thought, I hope I was able to provide a new perspective on why to love this film.
10 THE NORTHMAN might be the best Eggers movie to date. In all three of his films, he excels at capturing a sense of time and place, not just in the costumes, dialogue, and scenery, but in the way his story worlds evoke the perspectives of the historical people living in them. Just as THE WITCH could easily have been a horror tale told by the Puritans themselves, the universe of THE NORTHMAN is endowed with an otherworldly sensibility right out of myth.Just as compelling are the moral elements of the story. There are no white hats and black hats battling for supremacy-- everyone is flawed, scarred, and seeking vengeance. It's truly tragic and yet it all ends on a positive, life-affirming note.Absolutely recommended. I don't need to go to the theater for the rest of the year-- I cannot imagine anything else equaling this brilliant, savage work of art.
8 Brutal, dirty and a bit monotonous. The film is reminiscent of Valhalla Rising in its direct and merciless brutality - In which Mads Mikkelsen gives a facelift in a similarly harsh world of animal violence.A similar picture is drawn in Robert Egger's film, in a simple yet banal revenge story. Yes, the violence of the first part of the film is gripping. And yes, the whole thing is excellently implemented. Very different from Vikings pop cinema or some other Viking cinema. But in the end, violence alone is not enough to tell a good story. The director did better in his two previous films. But it remains a bloody and visually stunning spectacle that you should have seen.
8 What can I say about Robert Egger's third film. An bloody, epic revenge story that threw you through the loop over and over again keeping you guessing. Though there were some slow moments they became quickly overturned with bloody violence of Norse battle culture and mysticism of winding fates. The beautiful scenery with just absolute carnage as a orphan boy avenges his father, rescues mother, and kills his vile uncle, The Northman will keep you wanting more.
9 This movie was just getting mediocre reviews (it had only been out for a day) when I decided to see it. I think I know why and I'm going to disagree with them. This film is about Norse legend and mythology, no less and no more. It is a bleak tale about a bleak period where honour was defined by vengeance and brutality was its bi-product. Our culture is not use to straight up Homer-esk tales of heroes and gods. Our culture likes its mythical heroes to be served with humour and wisecracks. This treatment is in dark contrast to that. It is, however, beautifully crafted. The locations are stunning in their natural beauty. The cinematography is intentional and captivating. The action sequences and the CGI are painstakingly real and truly brutal. The performances are faithful to the culture they inhabit. As is my custom, I did a quick exit poll of others leaving the theatre with me. The three people I spoke to each gave it a 9 out of 10. Nothing mediocre about those ratings. I agree and give this film a 9 (beautifully crafted) out of 10. {Heroic Mythology}
6 No surprise that the visuals were breathtaking, some beautiful shots and immersive cinematography. However, there was no depth to the plot. Some lovely character moments.
7 Though the style part was enjoyable on it's own; the cinematography, special effects, costumes, score, set design and much of the acting was brilliant. It felt great to lose myself into the feel of the wizarding world again. But the plot and the writing felt unanchored in anything real or relatable. Nothing felt earned. Events just happened without much anticipation or appreciation of their significance, and I didn't feel invested much in any of the plot lines or characters. I'm not expert enough to pinpoint exactly what went wrong, but I know something did.
6 Fantastic Beasts 3 is a serviceable follow up to the previous entries in the series. It has a giant Johnny Depp shaped hole in it however and the movie doesn't acknowledge the change. The movie also has holes in it which is obviously caused by all the behind the scenes drama that went with it. Katherine Waterson is reduced to a cameo (whether by choice, i'm not sure) and Erza Miller has barely any dialogue and drops out of the movie for the most part (maybe due to behaviour on the set). There are some nice moments, mostly provided by Eddie Redmayne, Jude Law or Dan Fogler. The creature CGI is terrific as expected of the series and it looks like there will be more Fantastic Beasts in the future.
1 Firing Johnny Depp was a huge and costly mistake. I was actually excited to finally get into the Fantastic Beasts franchise having always been a Harry Potter fan but after learning how little integrity Warner Brothers has I have lost all interest.
4 Rather slow and boring with a politically oriented plot which throttles itself through its design choices. There's lots of spectacular looking CGI and special effects, but most of the action was in dark scenes which made it hard to see what was going on and for all the magic in the film, it had none of the awe or amazement of the Harry Potter films. Some funny moments and the acting and music was ok, but the secrets were underwhelming and although the production value was high, the entertainment level was not.
6 In pleasing a result, the third entry into the Fantastic Beasts franchise (a franchise that seemingly exists with support but no dedicated fanbase or huge fanfare) is a marked improvement on the dire misstep that was 2018's The Crimes of Grindelwald, even if Harry Potter veteran director David Yates still can't find the real magic to enliven this wizarding world property to a level that would have it competing in the same space as the beloved films that came before this J. K Rowling property.Becoming less and less about the titular beasts that started this Eddie Redmayne lead adventure all the way back in 2016 and more about trying to draw in extra audience engagement and enthusiasm by bringing back known staples such as Hogwarts and a much more prevalent Albus Dumbledore into this latest outing, you can see the battle raging between Fantastic Beasts trying to figure out exactly what it is and who its for and its a battle that isn't won clearly by the conclusion of this third outing, making it a sometimes frustratingly cold experience that still manages to entertain to decent degree.Without a clear identity or even a character we can truly call our own, with Redmayne's Newt Scamander getting to do his awkward shtick here once more but feeling more like a bystander to whats going on around him, with new addition Mads Mikkelsen's Grindelwald growing in power and his old acquaintance Dumbledore trying to assemble a crack team to help thwart his plans, Fantastic Beasts is hamstrung by its inability to focus its attention into a specific story arc or character journey, with its drab grey and gloomy sets, dark themes and heavy topics feeling rather unmagical for a film that potentially could've finally shed the shackles of past expectations to really let fly with some inventiveness and spark.There are snippets of such things here, a prison escape and some brief moments spent back in the halls of Hogwarts but for a majority of the films two hour plus runtime there's not a whole lot of memorable moments delivered in Yates film, which is by no means offensively bad or incoherent like much of Crimes of Grindelwald was but it still makes you wish someone could take hold of this property and turn it into the possibly great series it could be, something that is unlikely now with two films left to come.While not inspiring much jaw-dropping or magical chills, there's still an undeniable cinematic goodness to Rowling's magic filled universe and there is a feeling here that with Dumbledore building his ragtag group of foot soldiers and with Mikkelsen giving Grindelwald a significant amount of menace and unnerving energy, there's hope yet still that the final chapters of Rowling's mid-tier and seemingly unloved property can still work to a level that will ensure we walk away from the Fantastic Beasts series indifferent in ways but not upset at what's been done to our beloved world of wizards, witches and muggles (and the odd beast or two).Final Say -Still far removed from even the lesser of the Harry Potter films, Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore is a small step back in the right direction following the crimes of the last entry and while its still not awe-inspiring by any stretch of the imagination, its a passable diversion of anyone with a passing interest in the Harry Potter cannon.3 crab walks out of 5For more reviews check out Jordan and Eddie (The Movie Guys)
6 The Secrets of Dumbledore is convoluted by inconsequential plotlines and redundant characters. It's so unfocused, it doesn't have a consistent tone or protagonist. The film centers around wizarding politics, but doesn't elaborate on them. This shrinks the Potterverse and satisfies nobody. Meanwhile, Redmayne and Law's protagonist duet is equally unsatisfying. Oddly, no character feels essential (besides Grindelwald) and action sequences don't progress the story. Ultimately, the movie is overstuffed and develops nothing. Mikkelsen and Fogler excel in their limited roles, but they're sparse in this jumble. Without streamlining, The Secrets of Dumbledore is emotionally uninspired.Technically, The Secrets of Dumbledore is disappointing. First, the effects are overdone. Earlier action is compelling, but the finale is undercut by excessive CGI. Plus, the production design in that final act feels empty. Squandering the union of fantasy and period dressings, the climax is woefully shallow. Furthermore, the editing is bloated and arbitrary because scenes don't influence one another. Lastly, the imagery is drab due to needlessly muted colors and plain framing. The solid music, impressive cast, and meaningful sound can only go so far. Overall, The Secrets of Dumbledore might please some, but is unlikely to leave an impression.Writing: 5/10
Direction: 5/10
Cinematography: 6/10
Acting: 7/10
Editing: 5/10
Sound: 8/10
Score/Soundtrack: 7/10
Production Design: 6/10
Casting: 8/10
Effects: 6/10Overall Score: 6.3/10.
2 Where to begin with this agonising experience? Its a 2 hour 20 minute film that feels like its twice that length. I think the writers must have been paid per character they introduce, because this film has so many characters they sink the ship that this franchise is.Nothing happens for so long. No one is interesting. We don't care about anything. The saving grace of this film is that the acting across the board is great, but great acting cannot save awful writing.The two good characters are Dumbledore and Newt. Jude Law is great as Dumbledore and, as the title suggests, we learn things about him. Newt is a fun plucky character. I feel bad his Fantastic Beasts series was taken over by this dour slog simulator.The action is messy. There's no stakes to the action because you don't care about anyone. The film jumps from place to place to thing to thing and nothing is interesting. Why do I care about any of these people (apart from my boy Newt).Someone needs to lose the writers and directors for the sequels because all I can say about this series is that its a colossal waste of time.
1 The story is boring and dull, I love Mads, but Johnny was born for this role. No Johnny, no more great scores for you. WB, you deserve only 1s for all of your movies. Trying to be as successful as Marvel/Disney, but failing miserably. Worst end of all the HP movies.
6 Was the third installment in the Fantastic Beast "universe" a succes?Well, the main storyline was okey but the rest of it was kinda unimportant and not that interesting..
Also like i had with the previous two installments was the lack of intensity and emotions in the action scenes.And after 3 completed movie i still can't find my connection with most of the characters especially the main one's.The "recasting" of Johnny Depp was a huge mistake for the development of Grindelwald's character!One of the outstanding parts were the CGi and special effects so enjoyable and well created.Also the Harry Potter references were nice, lovely and not overdone
It's a overall good movie but not one to rewatch weekly like the other two, it's pretty predictable with more forgettable moments than remembered once's.I really wanted to like it more but it just didn't really worked out for me...
5 A movie with some solid ideas for character development and a promising overall plotline that constantly loses itself in meaningless subplots and ridicoulus moments of mere fan service. Overall the movie ended up being a visually impressive gathering of missed opportunities.Instead of focusing on Newt, Dumbledore or Grindelwald the writers included screentime filling action for a number of side characters that does not influence the outcome at all. This only prevents the main story from progressing and (apart from the admittedly hilarious sidekick Kowalski) creates passages that you just have to endure.Plus the faceless army of Grindelwald's followers is so utterly incompetent that there never is any real danger to the heroes. They get shot down like puppets in a 15:1 strength ratio, are knocked out by Quidditch balls that wouldn't even cause a twelve-year-old any problems (see Harry Potter Part 2) and get beaten up by a Muggle with a suitcase.The whole "we meet at Hogwarts to make a plan to save the world"-scene could have been replaced by a simple letter and wasn't any more than an excuse to include the castle in the trailer.
1 I probably managed to stay awake for less than half of this film, if you add up the bits that I endured. Perhaps that means I don't have the right to judge it. But to my mind it accurately reflects the fare on offer. A lot of the dialogue was inaudible. Nothing much happened for long periods. When action does kick in it can be visually stirring, but with so little investment in the characters and their predicament it was not exciting.As I have never been keen on Harry Potter, fans of the franchise may feel they should take these comments with a pinch of salt. But my wife, who loved Harry Potter and dragged me to a number of the films, yawned her way through this and pronounced it poor.
3 I watched this at the cinema, I can't say I'm sorry for the money I gave for tickets, but it almost is. First of all I came to watch a fantastic beast movie, the first two parts were great for me so I thought there would be this one too. Well I was wrong, here the emphasis is on interpersonal relationships, politics, the emphasis is on promoting same-sex sexual orientations (in backgrond) and many other smaller and bigger things that have absolutely nothing to do with either genre or story, very few special effects unlike previous works and very few fantastic beast. Well mostly suppress your enthusiasm and don't expect much this movie is an below average timekiller .. blah.
8 Even though it still has a reasonably messy narrative, Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore is a significant improvement over it's disappointing predecessor that actually remembers to be fun and emotionally satisfying with genuinely magical moments.Eddie Redmayne still has the adorably awkward charm and likeability that make him a consistently great lead. Mads Mikkelsen is definitely the best Grindelwald with a more subtle and restrained evil presence.Jude Law is once again an incredible Dumbledore and Dan Fogler is still a really funny scene stealer. Jessica Williams is an amazing new addition with endless charisma and is instantly likeable.David Yates' direction is really good despite having done so many already, still delivering inventive set pieces and great fights. The CG is mostly impressive if a little overused. The music by James Newton Howard is excellent, adding to the overall atmosphere with effective callbacks and heartwarming whimsy.
2 I loved the first two films in the "Beasts" franchise - original, well paced, and with interesting story lines.However, this third installment is slow, confused, with too many plot lines and just plods to a fairly predictable conclusion in half an hour more than it needs to be.This film had significant script problems, and it shows. The originator of the franchise has obviously run out of ideas, and the studio lack the courage to bring someone else in that can take the franchise and keep the quality up.It's said that authors should never adapt their own work, and although this is an original story, rather than from a book. The same reasons are true. The author gets too attached to irrelevant story lines and character arcs, whilst fresh eyes can trim the fat and produce a more coherent work. Added to this is the heavy handed allegory of the rise of European socialism in Germany in the 20s and 30s driven by Rowling's somewhat dubious politics, and it's a recipe for nearly two and a half hours of turgid self-indulgence.It is said that if you love something, set it free. Well, Rowling obviously hates this franchise. She should set it free and let a professional take over.
1 This movie doesn't deserve more than 0. But i gave 1. That's all WB. Every movie from this production shouldn't get more than 1. Lol. And one last thing, Amber Heard sucks
5 We've been waiting for this movie for so long and we are so very disappointed with the non-original, empty story line. Many key topics were squeezed into couple of sentences and instead of building a proper story line, it was filled with some magic tricks.Although in general I like Mads Mikkelsen, I didn't think he was a good fit for the role. Depp played a more specific and rememberable character, whereas Mads Mikkelsen was just a simple emotionless 'bad guy' character which I found to be very one-dimentional.All and all, I don't think we will be watching the next movie in the cinema.
2 Boring, broken plot, bad characters, terrible logic. I don't even know why Warner allowed the movie to be shown. I'd rather sleep at home for two hours than waste my time in cinema.
1 I will never watch your movie's in a theatre ever again for replacing Johnny Depp.I love Mads a lot but replacing Johnny Depp went too far. You could have stopped giving him any more roles but you didn't have to replace him.You did not respect for what he was but disrespect him.
9 My Review - Fantastic Beasts :
The Secrets of Dumbledore
My Rating 9/10In my review of the last Fantastic Beasts : The Crimes of Grindelwald which I rated 6/10 I said after I wouldn't see this third instalment after being underwhelmed by the previous Fantastic Beast films but I'm so glad I relented hoping 3rd time lucky because I love the Harry Potter characters and the magic wizardry and can only ask
Wow! What happened ? Someone has visited Olivander's wand shop since The Crimes of Grindelwald and Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.My theory is that the magic wand used in this 3rd Instalment of Fantastic Beasts belongs to Steve Kloves one of the original screenwriters of the Harry Potter franchise movies Philosopher's Stone, Chamber of Secrets, Prisoner of Azkaban, Goblet of Fire, Half Blood Prince and Deathly Hallows 1 & 2 .Steve Kloves was bought back to assist J. K. Rowling after the luke warm reception the first 2 Fantastic Beasts movie received it's been ten years since JK Rowling and Steve Klove's last collaboration together and the magic is back.Not all original novelists make great screenplay writers and I suspect J K Rowling is one of them.I read an interesting article that basically explains that creative control aside, screenwriting holds financial appeal for authors. Rights to a novel are pretty cheap optioning will often earn writers less than their initial book advance-but a screenwriting assignment can pay well into six figures however novels can luxuriate in internal moments of indecision and longing. Movies keep chugging along at 24 frames per second."
Fantastic Beasts :The Secrets of Dumbledore has the same Director David Yates as the 2 previous Fantastic Beasts films he also directed 4 of the Harry Potter movies and its great to see the spirit of those films back at last.In my opinion the story this time instead of resembling a Marvel Studios action movie returns to the Spirit of Hogwart's Wizard World with more insight into character development and a much less confusing story with some touching and comedic moments, especially the sideways crab dance that Newt and brother Theseus (Callum Turner) have to perform to escape from the deadly cave creatures.Jude Law is superb as the younger Professor Albus Dumbledore who knows the powerful Dark wizard Gellert Grindelwald ( Mads Mikkelsen ) is moving to seize control of the wizarding world.I even warmed to Eddie Redmayne this time as Magiczoologist Newt Scamander who Albus Dumbledore entrusts to lead an intrepid team of wizards, witches and one brave Muggle baker Jacob Kowalski ( Dan Fogler) on a dangerous mission, where they encounter old and new beasts and clash with Grindelwald's growing legion of followers.Perhaps I'm reading too much into the story but for me there's comparisons to our troubled muggle world today and the evil influences affecting us.Is there an alternate Wizard or supernatural universe that we're unaware of that is plotting to destroy life as we know it?I particularly enjoyed Jessica Williams as the charismatic witch Eulailie Lally Hicks her increased role in this instalment adds charm and wit to the much improved script.Also Victoria Yeats is delightful as Bunty Broadacre protector of the wonderful qilin a magical creature that can see into one's soul as well as the future . Alison Sudol returns as Queenie Goldstein the delightful and half muggle half witch romantic interest of Muggle baker Jacob Kowalski.Great visual effects and set designs by Anna Pinnock with costumes by Colleen Atwood who dresses Jude Law with sartorial elegance all add to a top review from me . I certainly never thought I'd be saying that I will certainly look forward to the next Fantastic Beasts movie after Crimes of Grindelwald but I've learnt it's wise never to say never.Take a look at the timeline to see how the events of Fantastic Beasts connect to Harry Potter..........1881: Albus Dumbledore is born to Percival and Kendra Dumbledore in the village of Mould-on-the-Wold.1883: Albus' brother, Aberforth Dumbledore, is born.1885: Albus' sister, Ariana Dumbledore, is born.1891: Ariana is attacked by three Muggle boys. Percival seeks revenge for his daughter's assault and is imprisoned in Azkaban for it.September 1892-June 1899: Albus attends Hogwarts.1899: Kendra is accidentally killed by Ariana, forcing Albus to return home to care for his sister. Grindelwald arrives in Godric's Hollow after being expelled from Durmstrang Institute and befriends Albus. Ariana is accidentally killed during a three-way duel between Albus, Aberforth and Grindelwald, prompting Grindelwald to flee.1900-1926: At some point in this time period, Grindelwald steals the Elder Wand-one of the three Deathly Hallows-from wandmaker Gregorovitch.~1908: Credence Barebone, a.k.a. Aurelius Dumbledore, is born.December 1926: Newt Scamander arrives in America. Tom Riddle Jr.-who later becomes Lord Voldemort-is born in London.1927: Newt travels to Paris to find Credence on Albus' orders. Credence flees with Grindelwald to Nurmengard where he learns that he is Albus' long-lost brother Aurelius. Newt publishes Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.1938: Voldemort begins attending Hogwarts.1943: Voldemort creates his first horcrux.1945: Voldemort leaves Hogwarts and disappears. Albus defeats Grindelwald in a duel, winning control of the Elder Wand and ending the Global Wizarding War. Grindelwald is sentenced to life in Nurmengard prison.1956: Albus is appointed headmaster of Hogwarts.1970: The First Wizarding War begins.July 1980: Harry Potter is born in Godric's Hollow.October 1981: Voldemort's soul is ripped from his body when he attempts to kill baby Harry, ending the First Wizarding War.September 1991: Harry begins attending Hogwarts.June 1995: Voldemort regains his physical body and the Second Wizarding War begins.June 1997: Severus Snape kills Albus.March 1998: Voldemort kills Grindelwald in Nurmengard in an attempt to gain control of the Elder Wand.May 1998: Harry defeats Voldemort during the Battle of Hogwarts, ending the Second Wizarding War.
1 Just when I thought it couldn't get any more insulting than The Crimes of Grindelwald - Yates & Rowling outdid themselves in spectacular fashion.What an atrocious, insulting, messy, inconsistent, awkward jumble of a film.Laughable plotlines, non-sensical world and lore building, convenience is at an all time high - and don't get me started on the clear and present merchandising attempts through washed out fan service.Any Harry Potter fan will agree with me when I say that this cash grab of a series needs to die.Annoyingly - it's SO bad that I can't wait to see what bull they try and get away with in the next one.
2 I don't understand what the idea of this movie was. It has a lot of nonsense fit together into a movie that doesn't matter at all. The whole idea of the movie makes no sense.It's such a missed opportunity. I was really sad to see what they did.The best scenes in the movie have been like 5 minutes all together in Hogwarts when it was not about the plot.
6 As a real Potterhead, I watched Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore Premiere in the theatre. After the movie got postponed twice my expectations got higher and I was definitely optimistic about this one. It dissapointed me again. The longest part of the movie is totally unnecessary and boring, filling our heads with some information in a really slow way. The last part of the movie contains few great battles and Harry Potter backstory information so the movie is definitely watchable especially for the Harry Potter fans, but generally the plot barely exists and the whole movie is only a bridge to the new, upcoming one. Just like the last part, The Crimes of Grindelwald, this one contains great visuals and fighting sequences, but awful pacing and a boring plot.
3 The first couple of Fantastic Beasts movies were MUCH better than this although nothing compared to the original Harry Potter series of course. Plot holes galore, boring characters and disservice to the primary FB cast who didn't seem to be as enthusiastic in their roles as they once were. This of course includes the legendary Johnny Depp whom was sorely missed in this film. Mad's performance as Grindelwald was just like any plain and ordinary 'bad guy' with the emotional range of a teaspoon as Hermione once famously said. My favourite parts were when the original 'Harry Potter' themes played although Hogwarts was an utter husk to how it was in the Potter franchise...
This is the first and only 'Potterverse' film that was lacklustre and disappointing imo. Hopefully the next films will step up their game because they can only use 'the pandemic' as an excuse for so much these days. A lot of shows & movies suck lately. Even ones that used to be great (Marvel, The Walking Dead etc.)
8 Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore: Mads Mikkelsen takes over as Grindelwald and is very good indeed in the part, at times he's seemingly channeling Hannibal. There is a poignant scene as the film opens though where he meets Dumbledore (Jude Law) over a cup of tea and they philosophise over their lost love but there is no rapprochement. Some great CGI but the action is important as Grindelwald challenges for the position of Supreme Mugwump, Much of the action takes place in a Germany where Grindelwald has subverted it's Ministry of Magic and there are allegories with Nazi Germany as his supporters rally and his Gestapo like goons combat Newt Scamander (Eddie Redmayne) and his team. A prison rescue sequence has plenty of wonderful creatures and monsters but outstays it's welcome. Still, this film is an improvement on The Crimes of Grindelwald even if it would have benefited from a 15 minute cut in it's running time. Directed by David Yates, written by J. K. Rowling and Steve Kloves. 8/10.
9 Most of us who are mindful of the film can agree on one thing, Everything Everywhere All at Once feels like you're walking on an acid trip experience. It's an imaginary film that makes you feel like you had just swallowed a bottle of limitless pills, dopes, drugs or other substances that may similarly affect your consciousness and memories.And this movie deliversssssssssss that! Wow wow wow! Imagine if Dr Strange, Limitless, The Matrix, Click, Rick & Morty, Star Wars, Ratatouille and Manchester By the Sea combined to become a film, Everything Everywhere All at Once is the one! Now you must be wondering, how could Ratatouille and The Matrix complement each other to be in the same movie?  This question should be THE reason you should go support this film now in cinemas!Produced by A24, an independent film company, I was surprised at how they have pulled this off. Half of the film is located at an office, which is understandable considering A24 produces low or semi-budget films. But it's such a wonder how this movie could be so good with only so few places the movie took place for the first hour. What's even better is EEAAO occurred within closed and overcrowded spaces that may slightly trigger people experiencing ADHD, hypersensitivity and claustrophobia, pushing the film into maximum impact.This film is filled with action-packed sequences that will blow you brains out! It's fun, exhilarating, creative, hilarious and never-been-done-before! Adding up with the out-of-the-world concept and unique storyline, every fighting scene seems appropriately done and even if there's just so many styles and tones of scenes coming out from the screen, fitting is the right word to describe them.EEAAO seems like any other movie at the beginning but when all hell breaks loose, the story becomes increasingly complex as it explains the world revolving around the central character, propelling the plot into motion. Meticulously explained, the narrative manages to be exciting and outrageously wild but reasonable within its own multiverse contexts.Michelle Yeoh, our Malaysian actress , is excellent in this, proving that she's fluid in bringing out the best of her multiple character(s). Complicated as it is, she knew what kind of project she's doing and it just shows how dedicated she is at acting. It's not easy to play her role and it's definitely not easy to create multiple personas interconnected by different universes and dimensions, with separate storylines, all destined to have the same fate. This is an Oscar-worthy performance, and whether or not if Yeoh got nominated lies on the decision if the Oscar recognizes speculative fiction as a genre acceptable to compete with other highly-appraisal films.There were many genuinely laugh-out-loud moments throughout, NOT the one where you're forced to laugh just because everyone is laughing to avoid the awkwardness surrounding the audience in the hall, but the one that it's just funny you're having a truly good time. The script and performance help to amplify the comedic moment but the most special thing is that it's aware of its VFX effects and the team knows how to level up/down the intensity and realness of the CGI. How so? The CGI is very good, but there are times that the CGI is made to be purposely bad, like you're watching a short film by a bunch of ambitious varsity students, and it works! It works because everyone in the theater was laughing, it clicks just right with the moments and scenes you're watching. You'll laugh at how bad it is in a good way!If there's one dislike from this film is that it's gonna be a tough watch for some people. Like mentioned earlier, those with ADHD and hypersensitivity may be triggered with the intensity of this film. Also, the storyline is difficult for some to digest due to its complexity of its universe-building. The film is promoted as being light and fun but...EEAAO is weighty, dark, bizarre and surreal, only those who have what it takes can appropriately understand the building block storytelling.Verdict: Mind-bending and mind-blowing, Everything Everywhere All at Once masters its building block storytelling that feels like an acid trip worth experiencing and that experience... can only be felt once in a lifetime. We're only in March but without a doubt, this is already the best film of the year! Sorry, summer blockbuster movies!
9 It was everything everywhere all at once. Sometimes too many things, too many places at once and you can get lost, but it helps to focus on things.Obviously, the amazing Michelle Yeoh is one thing to focus on. The whole reason I myself came to see this flick in the first place. Much as this movie gives you to absorb it was easy to keep my eyes on the beautiful Yeoh.Oh, and the kid from Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom is in this flick. He's older odiously but he still sounds like the kid form The Goonies. How lucky he was he got to play Yeoh's baby daddy in this joint.Last and definitely not least it was good to see James Wong in this film. You could tell they most likely made some filming adjustments to assure the 90 something year old actor can do the role but that's what you do when you have legends do your flick.Speaking of legends, almost forgot about Jamie lee Curtis who seem like she was having fun in her role.The fact that this movie is about a multiverse I low key was expecting a multiverse connection between who Yeoh plays in this movie, and her character in Shang shi. That would have been cool.It's interesting that this like the third movie that came out in March that's about the mommy daughter relationship between Asian women. What's even more interesting is how they go in order. Turning Red is about a 13-year-old and Her mom, Umma is about an 18-year-old and her mom and the girl playing Yeoh's daughter looks like she's possibly in her early 20s. Don't know when this became a hot plot in movies, but I will admit I prefer how the story lays out here (but only because I relate more to an Asian woman in her 20s over a middle schooler)The music in this film is great. The movie was filmed in the context that the story is about a laundromat owner in her mid-life dealing with where she came from and where she's going, but the music actually fits perfectly into the ideal of this woman being the key to saving the multiverse and it made for a lot of the entertainment. Just these big orchestra cues that make it sound like I'm watching Dune contradicting, the image of Yeoh being a worn-out blue-collar mom. Spectacular!I say it's good. It's all over the place and it can be a handle to process, but it has a good cast to concentrate on.
28 March 2022 It's very rare that I give a movie a full score. This is because when I look at my list later, I want full score movies to really mean something. "Everything Everywhere All at Once" was such a masterpiece, being both experimental yet grounded, absurdist yet profound. Everything about this film was amazing. The story. The performances. Even the metatextual casting of Michelle Yeoh is fascinating, since Michelle Yeoh is an actress that really has lived a million lives in her own multiverse. This film absolutely floored me.
10 Everything Everywhere All At Once is even crazier than the trailer would lead one to believe. It's bursting with so many original, weird concepts and ideas that no serious storyteller in their right mind would ever dare to put in their movie. But Daniels did. And it works with spectacularly effective results.These filmmakers choose not only to put every bizarre idea they could think of into their movie, but they ensure that every oddity adds something to the thought-provoking, emotionally resonant themes that pervade the story. So many angles can be explored surrounding this story of emotional connection and the things that distract from it.As Evelyn connects with her alternate selves and alternate relatives, there is both envy of and pity toward them that is explored. It's such a cathartic experience to watch this woman discover what she truly wants from life and loves about her life.All of the beautiful themes and heartwarming character moments are just the tip of the iceberg here, though. This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.The Daniels lean into the absurdity of the world that they have created, always reaching for the most outlandish possibilities and never playing it safe. It makes for some truly outstanding visual gags that will never leave my mind., and it makes for the most unique viewing experience I have ever had in my life.This is a masterpiece of originality. There is not, nor will there ever be, a film quite like this one. And I cannot wait to watch it again and again and again.
9 This might be the most accurately titled film I have ever seen. Afterwards, my wife asked me what it reminded me of. I was stumped. What genre was it? Hard to say. This is a movie that morphs from immigrant drama to sci fi to Kung Fu to comedy to existential art flick and back again. Then it does that loop again, faster and faster and faster, without ever losing the audience. I saw it in a packed theater, everyone laughing and crying and caring. Perhaps most amazingly, this was a pretty simple and effective relationship story through it all. I don't know if I would rather watch it again right now or watch a documentary about how the film took shape. Either way, I'm glad it exists. I lamented multiverse stories after the last MCU film, and I guess I have to take that back now. It is possible to tell wildly imaginative genre bending multiverse stories. You just don't need superheroes to do it (unless you count the Daniels).
9 Michelle Yeoh headlines this head trip into the multi-verse. The first part is slow going as this reality is not suggested in the previews and thus somewhat lulls the audience into expecting something different. But what makes this movie really work is its underlying storyline even as reading subtitles and trying to understand what is going on during the first half of the movie takes a bit of mental endurance. Allowing for that though, this movie bursts at the seams in being everything all at once, sequentially that is, in two-dimensions trying to project a four-dimensional reality and a multitude of parallel universes that all include Michelle Yeoh in some form or fashion. This movie definitely breaks through to a new level of sci fi visual delight and sophistication along with a strong storyline. Like Inception (2010), this is a breakthrough movie setting a higher bar of sci fi movies in the future.
9 Rarely does a movie hit me hard and I go along for the ride. Every moment has a spectacle to it. Even the simplicity of having your taxes done. Often silly, mostly confusing but entirely entertaining. It was great to see Short Round back on the big screen with a very glamoured down Michelle Yeoh as a married couple on the brink of fracturing a family unit.The story is of, Evelyn, a woman who has never really committed to much in life. She has many interest but many where she isn't fully invested in. In this case, her family lives above the laundromat that is failing. They are being audited, but yet she has big dreams to expand her enterprise. Her husband (the fore mentioned Ke Huy Quan) Waymond, is a kindly follower and believer of his wife who seems to focus more on the bad than the good. Pessimist, if we are to be formal. It is the Chinese New Year, and many people are invited to celebrate with this family, including a Grand-Father who is labeled as a man set in his ways and wouldn't understand the same-sex relationship of his grandaughter Joy (Stephanie Hsu). What follows is a grand adventure, first at the IRS building (of all places) and eventually to distant alternate universes to which shows her the way her life may have gone had certain things didn't take place. I absolutely loved the fact that Jamie Lee Curtis plays the uptight auditor, who seems perfectly fine in the core universe to which all revolve around. Evelyn, on the other hand, taps into her other universes to gather the skills needed to fight a fracture in the timelines that sneak into her mundane life.Yes, there is a message here. And...to be honest, it nearly derails the film itself. But it was required to tie in the meaning of everything that is going on. That we are made of experiences of every universe that exists out there (if you believe in metaphysics) and that they road you didn't take, through gained experiences, with some that even was more enticing then the present one, means we would never have known our other lives. Children wouldn't be born, love would be lost, relationships move on. It is the grand question of whether or not if we got a glimpse of that road we didn't take, would it all mean anything. In this case, I say it almost derails because the universes effect one another. And in this story, it even bridges them. Which to some, may feel like a cheat. However, the fact that I even ask this question makes it a vastly interesting story. That is for you to decide.The movie is exciting, vibrant, energetic and feels absolutely unique. It allows the viewer to slowly tie the ends together, and perhaps sometimes gets too far ahead. But doesn't let you lose yourself too much. What it isn't is boring. It is captivating and fresh. And, look, who can hate a scene of people being beaten with rubber phalluses?That said, it is one of the most interesting movies of 2022 and hopefully stays in the minds of awards in the future. Because it deserves a bigger audience. These are the types of fun, philosophical questions buoyed by comedy that we need.I go back to Ke Huy Quan. This guy can do funny and also bring a tug to your heart so easily. It's so hard to imagine him as the little boy from "Indiana Jones And The Temple Of Doom" because, here he shows so much range. His natural charm is shown through his love for Evelyn. He seems to be suffering through a fracture himself. He plays many roles here as well. Because, in many universes in life, the theory here may be that we will run into people we are meant to run into regardless of choices. That's a very romanticized view on the universe.Kudos to The Daniels for their talent and joy of cinema. It would not surprise me if they helm a larger film in the future. Perhaps they can re-vamp a comic book franchise into something much more unique.Thank you for this movie.
10 Apparently the IMDb plot synopsis before this movie's trailer came out was "a woman tries to do her taxes," and really, the plot's so creative and goes to so many unpredictable places that I don't think you should know much more than that going in. It is about a woman doing her taxes, technically, but branches off in a variety of ways that make this an action/adventure/absurdist comedy/fantasy/science-fiction/family drama all in one.All the tones and all the genres are balanced perfectly. It's masterfully written and overflowing with creativity. The editing is unbelievable and all the elements work together so well. It has some of the funniest and silliest scenes I've seen in ages that mesh perfectly well with some genuinely touching dramatic moments, and it has characters you really come to care for.The action delivers, too, and there's just the right amount of it. I love how thrillingly strange the film is for a while, then you begin to make sense of it, and then it just keeps expertly piling more and more layers on, and does so over a fast-paced 139 minutes in a way where it never actually falls apart. Also: it has some of the best film references/parodies I've ever seen, for sure.All the acting is fantastic, too, and everyone understood the insane vision the directors were trying to achieve, and played their parts perfectly. Michelle Yeoh is maybe the best she's ever been here, and Stephanie Hsu, Ke Huy Quan, and Jamie Lee Curtis are all great too.Maybe original ideas are becoming harder and harder to come by, but for as long as movies like Everything Everywhere All At Once are coming out, the medium of film will never be truly artistically bankrupt. There have been movies that have tackled some of the ideas here before, but never in a way that's this creative, this funny, and this exciting, and the way it takes its outlandish premise and ties it to real life + real world + relatable emotions is so incredibly clever.I haven't seen every movie of the 2020s of course, but as of writing this, this is my favourite movie of the 2020s so far. I hope it performs extremely well at the box office and gets awards recognition, because it deserves it.Believe the hype.Go in knowing as little as possible.See this movie.
9 If you take drugs for the first time and imagined Jackie Chan was a female Dr. Strange in another universe this would be it. And the synopsis is basically an Asian woman trying to do her taxes. I thought the third act of the movie felt a little stretched out but otherwise I think it's the best movie I've seen all year because I haven't laughed this much in any recent one. From the short time I spent in China, it's also an accurate and hilarious view of Chinese parents 'cause they really do be like that. I can't recommend it enough, it's so chaotic and in the middle of all that managed to be heartfelt too. I thought it was gonna be a Dr Strange wannabe but it's unique on it's own and I'm glad it was released earlier so that people don't compare them. It was just four people (strangers) in the cinema, we were laughing our asses off and it made me sad because everyone deserves to see this. At a time when remakes and reboots are common place it's nice to have something like this, a breath of fresh air.
10 If you get weirded out just stay through til the end. It's worth it I promise. Thanks everyone who helped this movie be made. In a time when there's so many remakes and more of the same this is a wonderful original movie. Enjoy it.
8 Greetings again from the darkness. It's bonkers, I tell ya'! Co-writers and co-directors Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert, known collectively (by their choice) as "Daniels", follow up their 'farting corpse movie' SWISS ARMY MAN (2016) with one that is somehow more bizarre, more audacious, and more fun. It's one of the most innovative films I've seen in a while, and although I can point out influences, I've yet to come up with a movie comparison that seems just or fair.Every small business owner can relate to the stress Evelyn Wang (Michelle Yeoh) is under as she attempts to organize her documents in preparation for an IRS audit of the laundromat she owns with her husband Waymond Wang (Ke Huy Quan). As if that's not enough, her father is scheduled to arrive the same day. She knows Gong Gong (James Hong) is disappointed in his daughter for the husband and life she chose. And while being crushed with those two events, Evelyn's strained relationship with her daughter Joy (Stephanie Hsu) continues to fracture as Evelyn wants to keep Joy's girlfriend status with Becky (Tallie Medel) a secret from dear old conservative dad/grandfather.That's just about the end of the "normal" part of the story, other than Waymond has had divorce papers prepared, not for the purpose of ending the marriage, but with the hope that the threat might force Evelyn to have a real conversation with him about their relationship. Things start to get weird even before they head to the IRS meeting with an agent played with gusto by Jamie Lee Curtis, but while there, we get our first real taste of the fantastical trip we (and Evelyn) are about to take. Of course, I can't really offer any description of the action that occurs, but nothing is spoiled if I tell you that some characters cross multiple dimensions and universes in an attempt to 'save the world'. While doing this, they mix in some acrobatic martial arts that would make Jackie Chan envious.It's the rare film where the frenetic pace of dialogue keeps pace with breakneck action sequences. A fanny pack, trophies with an unfortunate shape, and blue-tooth type devices all play unusual roles here, and this film challenges everyone from the actors to the directors to the editors to the fight coordinators. You'll likely recognize Evelyn's husband as the grown-up version of the child actor who played Short Round in INDIANA JONES AND THE TEMPLE OF DOOM (1984), and daughter Joy is portrayed by Stephanie Hsu (a contributor to "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel"), who gets to cover just about the widest range of character we've likely ever seen on screen. The estimable James Hong is a riot as Gong Gong. Mr. Hong is now 93 years old with an incredible canon of 450 credits in his 8 decades of work. His presence is quite crucial to the film. It should also be noted that, as we would expect, Jenny Slate shines in her brief role as "Big Nose", a regular customer at the laundromat.As terrific as the cast is, this is really a chance for Michelle Yeoh to bring her full arsenal to the role of Evelyn. She's angry, frustrated, scared, courageous, and even adds her comic timing. Ms. Yeoh flashes her CROUCHING TIGER, HIDDEN DRAGON fighting skills, while also brining a regal presence to a film that requires a strong core. It's no mystery that family and love can solve many of the world's issues, and Daniels have delivered a wild ride that defies simple description. It's a long one at 139 minutes, but you'll thank me later for not saying much more than ... it's bonkers!Opens in select markets on March 25 and April 1, 2022 and nationwide on April 8, 2022.
9 "Be kind, especially when you don't know what's going on."Just a brilliant film, pulling off a wonderfully creative mix of genres and delivering powerful messages at the end. Packed as it is with little references and action, this one would be a good one to re-watch. Loads of fun.
10 This might seem like a weird thing to start off with but, the editing in this movie was really well done. For a movie like this, the editing needs to be clean in order to properly follow the story and the editing team succeeded in this task. The use of parallel editing in this movie was cleverly done and worked flawlessly with the story especially when a match cut was also used. The story for this movie as well is a unique one that makes you think one thing but then becomes something else. The main story for this movie just seems like any other action/sci-fi movie with there being a chosen one who's the only one that can save the universe but underneath that is a deeper story. The deeper story is really what hooks the audience for this wild and wacky ride of a movie as it's one everybody can relate to. What I really liked about this story though was how it easily mashed everything together from the comedy to the more serious moments and the action scenes. Another thing about the writing for this movie is how something will be mentioned and just seem like a throwaway thing but then come back in some way. This is a testament to the writers and directors of this movie Dan Kwan and Daniel Scheinert. This movie is a weird and wacky ride and the directing duo understood that and dived headfirst into it which is what makes this movie a unique and memorable one. What also helps in that department is the acting in this movie and man did everybody deliver for this movie. Everybody in this movie had to juggle between being serious and comedic and nailed it. Michelle Yeoh was the stand-out performance for me and I just want to know how she was able to stay in character during some of the scenes in this movie. The final thing I want to talk about with this movie is the lighting in this movie and how well it was used. The lighting in this movie, along with the screen ratio, helps the audience figure out which universe it is. In the end, Everything Everywhere All at Once is a wild and wacky ride that has a meaningful message along with it that you need to see.
10 I dont often give a film 10 stars, but this was superb. It was an intense and bizarre ride, with the strange concepts stretching so far out there at times, it was as though they made more sense. It was visually stunning, the costumes were epic, and the balance of humor and emotion was perfect. LOVED IT. No one else was meant for this role other than Michelle Yeoh. She brought the lead to life in the most beautiful, meaningful, perfect way. This whole movie was mind blowing.
10 Non stop action and laughs the whole way through. Everything Everywhere All At Once is the movie that you need to see if you want a great cinematic experience. In my opinion I think this is as good possible better than No Way Home. I loved the acting in this as well.The way that the directors filmed this movie was also genius. The whole concept of the film was brilliant. Jamie Lee Curtis was also phenomenal as always. This film was just absolutely stunning to watch and to look at. Easily one of the best films of the year so far.
10 Leaving the movie theatre, I can barely comprehend the thoughts swirling around in my head right now. From the intriguing trailer, you wouldn't even begin to fathom the existential depths this movie submerges you under. Only to bring you back to the surface gasping for air just when things are at their bleakest. The directorial choices are the sign of geniuses at work, the acting and cinematography and editing really show that mastery plus effort leaves the roof smashed off the place Everything Everywhere All At Once is perfection in all these regards.You know it's special when you leave the movie feeling like it was made just for you. Daniels accomplished just that with this work of art coming to me right exactly when I needed it. The themes of family, fulfillment, love, and everything in between hit resoundingly close to home. I'm so glad I got to experience this even if it doesn't win any Oscars which it absolutely ought to. If critics don't carry this little picture on all their best of lists I don't know what to do. The picture itself, Michelle Yeoh in Actress, Stephanie Hsu in Supporting Actress, Ke Huy Quan in Supporting Actor, Original Screenplay, Directing, Editing, Costumes, Visual Effects, Score., Sound, Academy please consider Everything Everywhere All At Once. I know it's a challenge given the absurdity of some of the plot beats of the film but when you boil it down it's a very heartwarming and affecting piece of cinema.
9 Everything Everywhere All at Once is stunning. It's a corky spectacle, but remains deeply vulnerable. The narrative follows Evelyn, whose business and personal relationships are failing. Plus, Evelyn is unexpectedly tasked with saving the entire multiverse as her personal life bursts. This story might sound familiar, but it develops into an unparalleled blend of comedy, action, adventure, and drama. Each role is compelling, the conflict is relatable, the arcs are earned, and the plot devices are utilized to their fullest. Furthermore, the entire cast displays a wide range of skills: switching characters, blending tones, and striking beats in a symphony of emotions.Meanwhile, Everything Everywhere All at Once is masterfully crafted. Motion, lighting, colors, framing, and focus make every shot engaging and meaningful. The sound symbolically conveys psychology through silence, volume, and echoes. The multifaceted effects contribute to the ambitious atmosphere. Similarly, the production design is boundless, yet united by a lighthearted vision. Lastly, the editing is a powerhouse, jumping between several timelines, yet synergizing perfectly. Overall, Everything Everywhere All at Once is marvelous because it fuses so much into a cohesive experience. In other hands, it would be a mess, but Everything Everywhere All at Once works beautifully.Writing: 9/10
Direction: 10/10
Cinematography: 10/10
Acting: 9/10
Editing: 10/10
Sound: 10/10
Score/Soundtrack: 8/10
Production Design: 10/10
Casting: 7/10
Effects: 10/10Overall Score: 9.3/10.
10 An instant classic, on par with the first Matrix film, EEAAO is a genre-bending masterpiece, equally parts funny, intense and emotional.The basic plot follows Evelyn, a middle aged Chinese woman who develops the ability to share the skills and memories of alternate versions of herself across the multiverse in order to save it.It is FAR deeper than that, and I wish I could go all spoilers, but I saw it early so I'll say this much, it is far more accessible than Swiss Army Man (which is still a great movie in my eyes) and I think many people will find much value in this film.I will say that the audience I watched the movie with was the most excited and active audience I've watched a movie with since Spider-Man No Way Home. A completely original film with no nostalgia bait, getting several cheers, laughs and applauses. Not to mention the few times I got close to crying.10/10 a must see.
8 Michelle Yeoh owns a failing laundromat with her nebbishy husband Ke Huy Quan, who has just served her with divorce papers. They are being audited by IRS agent Jamie Lee Curtis. Her father, James Hong, threw her out when she married, and is now her wheelchair-bound dependent. Her daughter, Stephanie Hsu, has a girlfriend, which she cannot explain to her father. Then, during a terrible session with Miss Curtis, Quan takes off his glasses and in an authoritative voice tells her that only she can save the multiverse; from this reality defined by all the bad choices ever made, she must tap the abilities of the versions of herself who are more successful than she is; this means every one of them. She is the worst version of herself. Naturally, she is confused, particularly when she discovers that the ultimate evil that threatens all realities is her daughter.It certainly gives Miss Yeoh a chance to stretch her acting muscles and the editing is wonderful. This sort of story is an enjoyable "wheels of time" story, and tackles the nihilism at the heart of the subgenre: if every decision you make was decided differently in another universe, what difference does it make?My cousin enjoyed most of it but thought the ending sentimental. I thought the sentimental ending was appropriate. What a pity the industry hasn't made better use of Miss Yeoh!
10 An Asian woman in a middle age crisis suddenly is informed that there is a MULTIVERSE and she is the only who can save from total distraction.From there; everything is absolute madness, violence and many humorous situations for a trip of almost two and half hour.No, is not SPIDERMAN and even the SCI-FI suddenly becomes more of a metaphor. It is never boring (perhaps a little too long) but everything that happens becomes absolutely logic by the end.Michelle Yeoh is excellent and I hope she at least get a nomination. Jamie Lee Curtis also very good as always. The rest of the cast is on the same level.It is not worth to explain more; but you have to see it to believe it.
9 What makes this film exciting is not its premise, but its execution. Each scene demonstrates the creativity and silliness of the filmmakers, as well as the talent of the actors to pull off such caricatures. The cherry on top is the beautiful message of the film; it somehow grabs you and doesn't let go.
10 2022 is not even halfway over, but I saw Everything, Everywhere last night, and I simply cannot imagine it not being the best film of 2022.To say I was stunned is an understatement. I am 37 years old and have been a movie buff since I was a child. Movies are my passion - classic cinema, international cinema, domestic cinema. I see at least 30+ movies in theaters every year from all counties and compile a top 10 list of my favorite films.I can count on both hands the number of times I have sat in a movie theater slackjawed and stunned, unable to move as credits rolled on a film. I can count on one hand the number of times this has occurred to not only me but the audience with whom I've watched a movie. I have also only seen a few movies where the audience erupted in applause during the credits - rapturous, earnest, sustained cheering.Last night's screening of Everything, Everywhere falls into the latter category. As credits rolled, no one moved in a sold-out IMAX theater. We all sat and stared at the screen in awe before eventually cheering and clapping.This is a special movie, a miracle of a film, the type of lightning-in-a-bottle motion picture that comes along once in a blue moon to blow your mind and annihilate your heart with its boundless, bursting soul, energy, spirit, and creativity.In all my movie-watching years, I have never seen anything like it. The closest comparison I can muster is Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. There are many similarities between both films' unhinged, creative expression as well as their ultimate message of persistence and living life in spite of seemingly insurmountable odds and the inevitably that all things, both good and bad, will eventually come to a crashing end when the curtains on our lives close.Michelle Yeoh is remarkable and delivers a knockout performance that will surely garner plenty of awards attention. It's hard to imagine many actresses who could have so effortlessly kept step with such a demanding role, but she coasts through drama, comedy, action, and sci-fi with a verve and energy that left me breathless. It's the fiercest performance I've seen from one of the best actresses of our time and one of the best performances I've seen in years.As for the movie itself, really the less you know going in, the better. I saw the trailer two or three times prior to watching the film, and it did little to spoil the experience. I really do recommend going in blind, though.I don't rate many movies a 10/10. I also rarely leave theaters feeling the way I felt last night: dizzy on the possibilities of cinema and lost in thought over all I had just experienced. Even as I write this, I cannot wait to see the movie again with new people so they can experience just how special this is.Everything, Everywhere dazzles with its creative vision, but it marries the bizarre and magical with the mundane and the ordinary to make a statement about human potential and how often we let our daydreams - what could have been, should have been, will or won't be - roadblock who we are. The movie obliterates the veil of ordinary to reveal the extraordinary, but it never loses itself within its relentless, wacky, metaphysical vision.Quite the contrary, really. When the dust settles by the end of the film, you feel like you have been taken somewhere new - to a place only the best films can take us - and are reminded that even though we might not matter in the grand scheme of the universe, there are kind things we can do - to one another and ourselves - to make the pain and joy of being human mean...something.And at the end of the day, maybe that's everything.
8 If the Jet Li movie The One was written by Monty Python you'd get a film very much like this.It's pretty fun, even if the character development is sporadic rather than occurring over time which can be a bit jarring, but over all its pretty entertaining.
9 Wow, what a movie. Being able to be so wacky yet so profound is difficult, but this movie is able to to do it all at once(no pun intended)! The main characters exploration of her relationships with her father, husband, and especially her daughter ground the movie, but it's willingness to turn the mundane what if scenarios that we make up in our heads into plot points is truly something special. While it drags on just a tad near the end, this movie is a must watch, and expect it to get some Oscar nods this coming year.
10 Just because of how it made me feel. I'm not going to belittle it by trying to encapsulate it here. Such a great movie for so many reasons. Just go see it. Get ready to be intrigued, laugh until you can't laugh anymore, cry because of the beauty of it all, and then question existence on a cosmic level. Just get ready!
8 I liked it. It's a nice old-fashioned (flawlessly 70's styled) slasher horror-flick, with a fairly original premise. As in any comparable horror movie the motives for the killings are pretty farfetched, but who cares, when they are pictured so relentlessley gruesome, the gore here is definitely not for the tender-hearted. Another strong point is how the movie very gradually builds up the tension, this is a real slow burner, the apprehension of looming doom is palpable throughout the movie. This is helped by a strong direction, a very clever and inventive editing, and some great photography, see for instance the scene of one of the girls swimming in the lake, while... well, I won't give it away, but it's beautiful and hair-raisingly scary at the same time!Add to all this some very funny dialogues and goings-on at the start, and you're in for a well made, old-school horror flick, maybe not life-changing but absolutely entertaining for those who can apprciate this kind of movie (like me!).
31 March 2022 Ti West's movie really should have been called "E" for elevated. It sets itself up as a smart take on the slasher films of the 70s and early 80s. As a bonus, the film within a film has the filmmakers making an 'elevated' porn flick (as a bonus, actor Owen Campbell who plays the "Director" even looks a bit like Director Tobe Hooper).Quite consciously taking it's set up from Tobe Hooper's 1974 TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE, X has a group of randy pornographers renting a farmhouse from an elderly couple in the middle of nowhere in Texas (actually New Zealand). Writer-Director West's main idea here is to set up a contrast between the XXX filmmakers and the bible thumping civilians of the area. It's not an uninteresting idea, which, of course, plays off the the puritanical cliche in the slasher films of yore where the most sexually active characters are the most likely to g et killed off. In addition to MASSACRE, West includes nods to FRIDAY THE 13TH, Hooper's EATEN ALIVE and a very specific one to HALLOWEEN. X is set about 5 years after MASSACRE so that it can include a brief exchange about how home video will change the porno industry (adult films were already available on VHS for about 3 years).The movie is very well directed, with savvy use of cross-cutting between the porn film in the making and the terrors that await the group. Mia Goth (in a dual role; actually a triple if you stay after the credits) and Brittany Snow are the two pornstars to be and each dive in with relish. Kid Cudi is the cocky stud, while Martin Henderson is solid as the confidant Producer. Jenna Ortega is the "crew" all by her lonesome (she manages to keep her clothes on - must have a better agent). Stephen Ure is the ornery old man who rents out his guest house.As good as the filmmaking is, X ends up feeling too studied. The pacing is lugubrious even if it picks up towards the very end. Once the massacre begins (if not by power tools) it still ends up being fairly typical of the films it's commenting on, regardless of how well executed and 'elevated' it thinks it is. It's also too drawn out to satisfy some gore-hounds and once the blood starts flowing, probably too gross for the internet scribes dreaming of doing extended online essays dissecting it for it's elevated intellect. There are a couple of twists, but they aren't sufficient enough to compensate for the predictability.In the end, it's not as clever as West thinks it is, and despite some good Directing chops and acting, it's simply too self-conscious to be much of a fun thrill ride.
6 In 1979 a group of people rent a cabin to make an adult film in rural Texas. The owner is less than pleased and has issues of his own with his wife.The film is over-hyped. It does have two creepy looking old people who look like something out of Texas Chainsaw. The soundtrack was top rate, as is anything that includes Mungo Jerry. It also has the throwback nudity many horror films have started to avoid. This film reminded me of "Bread Crumbs."Guide: F-word, sex, nudity (Mia Goth, Brittany Snow)
6 An interesting slow burn, but without enough to make it stand against the countless other slasher films, X is a fine film and another tribute to the iconic genre that made horror so popular in the first place. Granted, I do enjoy myself a slasher film from time to time- I'm quite fond of films like Nightmare on Elm Street and My Bloody Valentine, but where X faults among the others is through using a rather familiar formula without any true unique purpose. Throughout the film the characters often talk about an X factor, something that makes Mia Goth's character special and starworthy- but unlike its mentionings- this film just doesn't have that. The acting is really good, I love the underrated Mia Goth as always- as well as Brittany Snow, Martin Henderson, and even Kid Cudi did a rather impressive job. The cinematography is fantastic and perfectly fits the amitpshere and tone the film is going for. The music is enjoyable and tense, and its pacing can be a bit slow at times, but does allow for an interesting point of view. Its main problem lies solely in its script, which revolves largely around a smut film production- but takes too many elements and formulaic tendencies from other horror films like Evil Dead, Friday the 13th, The Visit and most obviously Texas Chainsaw Massacre to really stand out on its own and become its own thing. In the end, its not a bad watch, I wouldn't watch it again, but I certainly didn't mind watching it. It isn't the most memorable, but I certainly don't have any disdain for it. It just could have been more, especially given the talent involved, but ironically it settled for less.My Rating: 5.8/10.
3 My expectations were quite high for this film ... After watching it , I just don't understand what's all the hype is about ? To call it mediocre is to make a compliment ! Slow , predictable , not very clever horror , which is not even a horror , just an unrealistic portrayal of mayhem based on sex... Highly not recommended !
5 While I knew this film was presented as a slasher film going in, I had better expectations given it was an A24 Studios film. Despite some of the famous names in the cast, I wouldn't consider it good. Probably my least favorite from the A24 films. The film is made in the cinematography style of classic 1970s slasher films, but it holds back on the brutality with the females. I really wished A24 was above PC culture.True 70s slasher/horror films were very brutal with both genders but not this one except perhaps with the old woman/zomb-et at the end.I was hoping at least a slightly smarter screenplay given it is A24, but disappointingly no. Mia Goth was probably the only likable character in the film. But I feel the special effects people overdid the prosthetics with the old couple. They resemble zombie monsters far more than the elderly. They could have placed a real elderly couple in there instead. Yes, the film does have some gore and blood but its predominately a very tame film. The worst of it all is a disembowel cow hit by a truck on the highway. It's not even part of the main story and we also see the aftermath of the accident.I don't feel the film deserves to be elevated because of the technical production. Authentic 1970s low budget B films were not technically sophisticated in camera work and lighting. The fancy lighting and best cinematographers of the time were reserved for mainstream big studio films and not low budget horror. With today's pre-fab software plugins templates for adobe software, copying the style wasn't an Einstein endeavor. Had this film been made by any other no name production studio, it would have been relegated into another Netflix Original category and not given accolades. The recent Netflix Texas Chainsaw original from 2022 is just as good a film as this one minus the famous actors.
7 In 1979 a bunch of young filmmakers set out to rural Teaxas to film a porno film. They rent a cabin in the middle of nowhere from an old guy. They begin filming but the old guy and his wife have other plans. Soon the young people are fighting for their lives.This is a very odd film. It's a solid hour before any horror kicks in but when it does it's VERY bloody, gruesome and pretty sick. However it is well-done, the acting is good and there is plenty of female and male frontal nudity. Also I love how the opening and closing credits look like they came off an old porno flick! Worth a look but the buildup to the blood and guts is kind of slow.
1 Instead of getting a horror movie of the 70's, you watch a group of junkies going to make a porn movie on a farm, which turns out to be nothing but a long drawn out build-up, before they get wiped out but one. Some people call it a slow burner, but they're wrong, it doesn't even get lit.
2 Boring. Pointless. Unrealistic (old people who can barely stand upright are somehow capable of killing a group of young adults!!!). Can't believe people are rating this movie so highly!!!
8 I saw X, starring Mia Goth-Suspiria, Everest; Jenna Ortega-Scream_2022, Iron Man 3; Brittany Snow-the Pitch Perfect movies, John Tucker Must Die; Martin Henderson-Grey's Anatomy_tv, Everest and Kid Cudi-Don't Look Up, Need For Speed.This movie is-in the words of one of the characters-one F$#@^& up horror movie. I will say, it is original. It takes place in 1979 Texas-it was actually filmed in New Zealand-where a group of young filmmakers go to a rural farmhouse to make an adult movie. Martin is the producer that rents the farm location and Mia, Brittany and Kid are the films' stars-and yes, there is graphic nudity. Jenna is handling the equipment behind the camera. One of the first things you notice is that there is something odd about the old couple that own the farm, especially the old woman. Slowly, things become clear about the intentions of both of the farm owners and it gets bloody violent. FYI: Don't leave until after the end credits because there is a scene you do not want to miss and I read that the sequel-actually a prequel-will be out later this year.It's rated R for bloody violence and gore, drug use, language and sexual content-including nudity-and has a running time of 1 hour & 45 minutes.I loved this horror film and I would buy it on Blu_Ray.
5 5/10 - while it was nice to see Brittany Snow on the big screen again after the Pitch Perfect movies and it continued Jenna Ortega's Hollywood takeover, this utterly bizarre, inconsistent, and incomplete attempt at a "sexy slasher" starts off strong but a few moments aside, becomes utterly laughable in the last 45 minutes.
4 After being involved in some great modern horror films such as Hereditary (2018) and Saint Maud (2019), A24's latest film is an immature mess that feels more like an exercise in superfluity than it is a meaningful narrative.Set in 1979, X follows six Americans as they arrive at an isolated farmhouse for a weekend, intent on shooting a porno. Hosted by an unsettling, elderly couple, things soon turn into a full-blown bloodbath.Obviously inspired by Tobe Hooper's classic, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974), writer-director Ti West ensured that X was full of slasher tropes, adding little originality to an already saturated genre. Where it does succeed is creating characters with some personality. Mia Goth's Maxine is noticeably unstable but tries to believe that she is a star. Bobby-Lynne, played well by Brittany Snow, comes across as the more witty, experienced porn actor. Jackson (Kid Cudi) is a Vietnam veteran, while Wayne (Martin Henderson) and RJ (Owen Campbell) provide the overseeing eyes to the pornographic production. Finishing off the cast, Jenny Ortega plays the outsider of the group, Lorraine.Lacking believable or serious motives, the killers in the film were nonetheless unique, providing some creepiness and mystery. However, this soon subsides as we learn their quite ludicrous reasons for their murderous streak. They will certainly not be remembered as iconic horror characters.From the beginning, the film uses themes of religion to juxtapose the vices taking place. The TV in the house shows a programme of a preacher discussing sin, which is repeated throughout the film. As well as this, a well-crafted shot of Lorraine taking off her cross while giving in to the temptation of being involved in the pornographic film hints at what could have been further developed. Unfortunately, the theme is only touched upon within the hour-forty-five runtime, in what seems a missed opportunity to flesh out the barren story.This slasher focuses too much on numerous scenes of nudity in the first half of the film which then mostly moves aside to allow for excessive gore. The extended sex scenes are used in place of well-written dialogue and provide little else than what you would expect. It seems as if Ti West had more of an interest in indulging in some sort of manic sex-gore film than providing any substance to this horror show. And while the gore was well executed with some great effects on display, they are at times over the top and not for the faint of heart.The editing of the film was unique, but rather out of place. Alongside this, X lacked adequate direction, with suspense in short supply and predictability with every kill. The film did not use perspective enough and could have created further tension within scenes by narrowing the viewer's vision and creating a more personal point of view.Without a strong plot, X fails to create a memorable story and instead focuses on showing something more akin to a pornographic film and a gore-fest. The killers were boring and the kills felt formulaic. Decently written characters could not make up for some of the bizarre dialogue and while gore was in abundance suspense was not.
6 A decent slasher, but does not deserve a 96% rating on RT. The kills felt conveniently cheap and honestly everything was underwhelming. I was hoping to to feel paranoid or scared, but didn't feel much of anything. Spent most of the movie hoping it would get better or surprise me a little but we've seen this all before.
4 ... there'd be plenty of flesh and gore and comical carnage to see, with disfigured torsos, extreme loss of blood flow, and attempts to escape but not being able to quite flee.... and it would be better than this.
8 Paying homage to the slashers of yesteryear is nothing new, but Ti West's new movie X makes it feel fresh. He does this by primarily bringing attention to the sex parts of the genre and exploring what sex means. This is, after all, in part about a crew of people attempting to make a porno. But the sex angle goes beyond just cheap titillation. It is at the heart of the film, and West seems to be most interested in what the experience means, whether it's for love, a way to recapture youth, or getting the most out of life while one is still capable of experiencing the act.Beyond all this, though, is a fun, classically styled slasher that is equal parts titillation and slasher mayhem. Some may find the amount of nudity and sex, and heck the subject matter itself, distasteful, but for slasher fans, this will remind you of much of the early years of the genre. A lot has been made about how this is so heavily inspired by Texas Chainsaw Massacre and it's easy to see why. The majority of the film revolves around the singular location, an old farm seemingly in the middle of nowhere, Texas, ripe for plenty of slasher fun. Ti doesn't skimp on the red stuff either. While nothing gets too outlandishly creative, we do get some brutal kills with often gory results.It helps that characters are written well and likable. Despite the sleazy material they're attempting to create, they don't feel shallow or sleazy themselves. They believe in their work and the reasons for making it. While it may have been nice to get a little more depth out of them, they clearly have history and there are things hinted at that never get much development, they're at least a decent crowd of folks who are fun to be around. As for the villains, they're not quite as out there or mysterious as the trailer would lead you to believe. In fact, they're pretty grounded, but never the less creepy and tension is maintained consistently once the violence starts.If you know what the film's about, you have a pretty good idea of what to expect. It does take some unusual turns, but for me that only added to just how much the film stood on it's own. It certainly feels like a fresh entry into the slasher genre, something the genre needs. Ti West continues to make a name for himself as someone to watch out for. Have fun with this sexy, bloody good time.
4 I expected a lot more from this movie. It felt a lot like a reboot of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre. Too many similarities and the overall story is hardly believable. Disappointed as Ti West has made some good movies before. This is not one of them.
9 A very stylish rendition of original porn leading to some brilliant horror set in 1979 that is well written and fun to watch! X is surprising in all the right ways and very weird reminds me of M. Nights The Visit just more extreme. I was surprised to see Sam Levinson's name in the credits I love him and his projects! Ti West created something special, I've seen a couple of his films he seems to gear towards disturbed older folks which is quite effective.
5 This is technically well-made movie. It's a slow burn but I was never bored. I was enjoying it and curious to see what comes next. Until it got weird. And gross. This is coming from someone who watches tons of horror and gore. That wasn't the problem. The gore is one of the movies best qualities.But the direction they take with some of the "horror" late in the movie is off-putting. I understand what they are going for. I understand that's the point. And the point does come across. It still doesn't change how I felt. Which was unsettled, not scared.Some people might like that type of "horror" (like Gabe from The Office lol). I am not one of those people. It's unfortunate because it's a good setup that just doesn't land for me. (1 viewing, opening night 3/17/2022)
5 A man looking for a get rich quick scheme decides to make a porn film on a Texas ranch in the video days of 1979. The place is owned by a creepy old couple who look like ma and pa kettle. The old lady is both horny and violent and a scene with geriatric peop!e getting busy is downright bizarre. The leads are fine but X is only an average horror movie.
10 X (2022) is a movie my wife and I caught in theatres tonight. The storyline follows a production crew who rents an old house from a very old couple in the middle of nowhere in Texas to film a porno. As they make an outstanding porno hoping to change the industry forever they get some visitors looking to fulfill their own fantasies.This movie is directed by Ti West (The House of the Devil) and stars Mia Goth (Suspiria), Jenna Ortega (Scream), Brittany Snow (Pitch Perfect), Kid Cudi (Don't Look Up), Martin Henderson (The Ring) and Owen Campbell (My Heart Can't Beat Unless You Tell it To).I love everything about this movie, how can you not like a slasher porno movie? The storyline is excellent and unfolds perfectly. This is a rare unique slasher film that horror fans have been clamoring for. I really liked the characters, the twists and turns and the full circle ending. The cast was perfectly selected. The cinematography and camera angles are out of this world, as is the use of lighting, sounds and the soundtrack. The kill scenes, gore and blood splatter are on point. The jump scares are perfectly executed and very well done with no cheese.This movie gives horror fans everything they want in a horror movie. I could watch this 100 times. I would score this a 10/10.
8 Ti West is an incredibly astute visual director, and with X, he continues to show this. He turns this farmhouse into one of the most hellish nightmares imaginable, where there is no place that is truly safe.That being said, West has never impressed me with his writing before. His earlier films have very little detail put into the characters and themes-they're all concept and little substance. Thankfully that's changed with this one. This is probably West's most character-filled film.Every single character in this story is incredibly flawed, yet still retains a shred of sympathetic humanity. The protagonists live too much in the moment with no regard for future consequences, while the film's villains yearn for a bygone era of their lives and harbor envy toward those who have what they have lost. Each group represents an untenable human desire, and it adds a layer of melancholy to the terror that unfolds.It's not a perfect film; like pretty much all slasher films, there are some characters who exist just to get killed off in predictable fashion, and some death scenes come off as rather anticlimactic.Additionally, because every character kind of sucks as a person, there's a two-edged sword in that none of them are particularly likeable and I didn't get attached to them in the way I think West wanted me to.Still, this is quite a wild, effectively uncomfortable ride, and a far smarter one than I was expecting.
7 "X" is a very bloody, and satisfying horror film from A24 that is able to pack enough scary moments, while also talking it's time to develop its characters.The good in this movie right off the bat is the performances. Everyone in the movie is great. The standouts here are Mia Goth and Jenna Ortega. These two were great. The movie also has a really strong message about sex and what it really means for these people. It's a very strong message and it works. The gore here is also great. It's a very bloody movie and the final 40 minutes are amazing. It's also a very good looking movie. It's very well shot and there's a lot of creepiness to it. And finally I actually felt that the villains in this movie were actually very well portrayed. They were given a somewhat tragic issue, and it really added a lot to them.Now I do have a few negatives. The first being that I do wish there was a little more crazy moments. I wish the movie had just a little more bloody moments. I also felt that the first act, while good, was a little too slow paced. I wish it do move a lot faster. And finally there are some things aren't fully explained towards the end.Overall "X" is a very bloody good time with great acting, great direction, and some truly bloody moments.
2 Don't get the positive reviews, basic acting, boring plot and genuinely pointless, the story was just so dated and predictable.The kills
Oh go into this basement
Why can't we see the hand
Oh a distraction
Three random holes in a wallSo many stupid predictable lazy outcomes. It was just a tragic mess that was slow, dull and lazy.
5 I can't with movies full of characters that just walk around without any instinct doing the absolute dumbest things they could possibly choose before they're murdered. It's literally the whole movie. The 'action and gore' is actually pretty tame. The sex is explicit. The characters are idiots.
4 This isn't like Ti West's other films. It's tasteless garbage with a few good scenes scattered throughout that end up being meaningless when the film descended into complete nonsense and shock value.
9 It's fair to say I haven't always been the biggest fan of Nicholas Cage, but it's not the talent, it's often the film choices, similar to Michael Cain, he really has made some shockers. What this film does however is poke a little fun at his past, it's tongue in cheek, but it's a cracking movie.It's funny, it's energetic, it zips along, there isn't a single dull moment here, you don't need to be a fan or a critic, this movie is just really worth your time.Loaded with irony, it's plain to see that Cage has a sense of humour, this really is a winner for him.It wasn't what I was expected, but I am so glad I went to see it, I'd really recommend it. 9/10.
10 First of all, it is great to see Nick Cage working with such actors like Pedro Pascal who can not only keep up with Cage's screen presence but also enhance it. Secondly, as I have stated in the title, you'll enjoy this experience regardless if you are a fan of the man or not but if you are a fan, then you'll be very glad to see that the film has many nods to Cage's evolving filmography throughout the years. In the end, movie is both a cheesy (and well aware of itself) and a special thing that's not like any other comedy movie.
8 "Paddington 2" has a perfect 100 score on Rotton Tomatoes and is the most adored film of all time.This film stars Nicolas Cage is the title role which clues you in to look for irony. Cage is down on his luck and agrees to travel to Spain to meet Javi (Pedro Pascal) a major fan who wants Cage to star in a film for which he has written a screen play. The two start a bromance and then the CIA contacts Cage and informs him Javi is a kidnapper.The film is smartly done especially if you are familiar with the various films done by cage. It seems the French, who loved Jerry Lewis also love Cage. It was an unexpected joy.Looks like I have to add Paddington 2 to my watch list.Guide: F-word. No sex or nudity.
23 April 2022 Nick Cage: "Is that supposed to be me? It's ... grotesque."The unbelievable part of The Unbelievable Weight of Immense Talent is that it's all true (in a figurative way). Nicolas Cage can play himself, Nick Cage, because the many films he's been in, some worthwhile (Moonstruck, Raising Arizona, Face/Off) and some terrible (take your pick), have prepared him for a true meta experience, like John Malkovich in Being John Malkovich or the cast playing themselves in Robert Altman's The Player.Of course, it's hilarious because Cage is usually a witty version of himself and making fun of himself anyway (except when he wins the Oscar for Leaving Las Vegas). With the help of director Tom Gormican and writer Kevin Etten, Unbearable is a metanarrative of Nick as a burgeoning hero for his daughter, Addy (Lily Sheen), and a buddy for a drug kingpin, Avi (Pedro Pascal), with whom he writes a joke thriller, which Unbearable turns out to be.Pascal's performance as a thorough Cage fan and possible drug lord emphasizes the often-close emotional bond between fans, star, and film. There is little difference between us and Avi in our love for the actor and his roles.Throughout this comedy, the art of filmmaking turns out to take center screen as the principals dog out a workable script that they really are starring in here, more or less because the fusion of art and life is blurred. The varied facets of filmmaking and the actor's relationship with his audience are never far from the surface. Nor is it stagnant because each Cage film is a mirror for Hollywood's immediate needs and its actor's. In Unbearable Nick's striving for the "part of a lifetime," never far from a clich.For Nicolas Cage, such is his life, and the film makes fun of his accepting roles solely for getting cash to pay his bills, and maybe, just maybe, for the joy of acting, for which he's indicted when he loses the people closest to him because of his obsession for acting.As Cage plays himself, he stumbles on the right script to reconcile him with his family and win the admiration of his audience. He's never far from his Oscar in Leaving Las Vegas or a "should-have-been-nominated" in Pig. A good will pervades this complex comedy, largely because Cage has a good heart hidden underneath his thespian ambitions, real or fictional.
8 Greetings again from the darkness. Calling all Nicolas Cage fans! Put the bunny back in the box and get ready for the most fun you'll ever have with Nicolas or Nic or Nick or Nicky. And if one Cage isn't enough for you, you're in luck. This film has Nicolas Cage playing the (somewhat) fictional Nick Cage, and Nicolas Kim Coppola (Nicolas Cage's birth name) playing imaginary alter-ego Nicky, a younger version of Nicolas Cage from the WILD AT HEART era who spends the movie constantly reminding Nick that he's a movie star.If you can't make much sense out of all that, don't worry, writer-director Tom Gormican and co-writer Kevin Etten have created a film that is sure to strike a chord with Nicolas Cage fans. What we see is a parody going meta in a surreal way. Very few get to star in the tribute to their own legend, but that's what happens here. Nicolas Cage goes 'inside baseball' on the career of Nicolas Cage ... only he does so as struggling actor Nick Cage, an actor so desperate for "the role of a lifetime" that he improvs a reading for director David Gordon Green (Cage's director on JOE) in the parking lot of Chateau Marmont.Having been kicked out of his rental after falling behind $600,000 in rent, Nick agrees to take a humiliating job pitched by his agent, Fink (Neil Patrick Harris). For one million dollars, he is to fly to Mallorca and hang out at the birthday party of rich super fan, Javi Gutierrez (a terrific Pedro Pascall, "The Mandalorian"). The twist here is that CIA agents played by Tiffany Haddish and Ike Barinholtz suspect Javi of being a notorious gun dealer who has kidnapped the young daughter of the Catalonia President. Spy-type shenanigans ensue as Nick and Javi develop a bromance that finds the two new buddies writing a film script together. And if that's not quite enough subplots, you should know that Nick is at a breaking point in his relationship with his ex-wife Olivia (Sharon Horgan) and teenage daughter Abby (Lily Sheen, real life daughter of Michael Sheen and Kate Beckinsale).The zaniness includes nods to more than a dozen Nicolas Cage movies, and much of the fun is derived from recognizing these. Easter eggs are everywhere for fans, and Nic expertly plays Nick (and Nicky) as a loving tribute to the characters we've seen in so many iconic films over the years. Additionally, on screen love is provided for the 1920 classic, THE CABINET OF DR. CALIGARI, as well as the more recent gem, PADDINGTON 2 (2017), making this a tribute to cinema lovers, Nicolas Cage fans, and comedies in general. I will admit to disliking director Gormican's 2014 movie, THAT AWKWARD MOMENT, so much that I hoped he was done as a filmmaker. It turns out, he's back (and much improved) ... not that he ever went anywhere.Opens in theaters on April 22, 2022.
7 To give you insight into my relationship with Nicolas Cage, I will quote the end of my review for his movie Jiu Jitsu, which I gave 1 star:"This is just a straight-garbage movie. Damn you Nick Cage!... I wonder what movie of his I'll watch next."I've been a fan of his for so long. I think he's very talented and has a certain crazy appeal that you don't see from other actors. And I keep watching most of his movies even as they plummet in quality and rarely make it to cinemas. He still makes them entertaining, even if they are awful. This is a huge contrast to other former A-list actors who have gone down the same path but with unwatchable movies. Like fellow Face/Off star John Travolta or Bruce Willis (we will miss you!).So when they decide to make a movie that's essentially all about Nick Cage, of course I'm 100% in. And I have to say, this is his best movie in years. It's levels above the quality of his recent direct-to-video movies and is definitely cinema-worthy.I laughed a lot. A couple parts had me crying from laughter. And when I wasn't laughing I was generally amused. It felt so refreshing to laugh with his movie rather than at it. And with the lack of comedy movies lately, this came at a perfect time.Other than the comedy, this is a mostly well-made movie with a story and characters that kept me invested. I love the meta aspect. Nick Cage's performance in this role is perfect. It has a good supporting cast with the standout being Pedro Pascal. He's so likeable and has great chemistry with Nick Cage. Their relationship drives the movie. Pedro Pascal is a star.I had a great time with this movie. I think most will enjoy it, but the ones who will appreciate it the most are the fans who are familiar with his work. (1 viewing, early screening 4/13/2022)My favorite Nick Cage movies:(1) Face/Off(2) Kick-Ass(3) Matchstick Men(4) The Rock(5) Con Air(6) National Treasure(7) The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent(8) Next(9) Knowing(10) Lord of WarI didn't know if I should count Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse since his role is so small, but it would be behind Matchstick Men.
10 Nicoles cage at his best ,and he has finally accepted the fact that he is a meme and this movie no exception. It has many nods to his past works and I love what they have down with this the movie, it truly is something beyond words. The comedy is spot on and is the funniest film I've seen in memory and the comedic timing really puts it at the best of all time. This movie deserves the credit it gets and I hope others can see it for the way it is ,rather than a fad of the time. An if this was the ultimate send of for Nicoles cage this is the perfect movie for any actor to make and I wish others would do the same. It really makes you respect the actor more than you did before even if his movies can be cheesey and poorly performed,but this is something else it is a showcase of his strong point as an actor. An I think as an actor nicoles is very misunderstood for his actual good performances, because in the end of the day he is a good actor it's just the reputation he has. So if you are reading this I hope you can understand the points I have brought up and truly enjoy this movie.
6 The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent is a standard action comedy elevated by meta aspects. Particularly, Nicolas Cage as himself is a great gimmick since he's embraced his meme status. Still, Massive Talent is a missed opportunity because it's otherwise generic. The self-awareness is fun, the self-deprecation works, the Cage/Pascal chemistry is endearing, and the ending is heartfelt. However, the plot is lacking. Massive Talent admits that talky comedy and shoehorned action are lowbrow, yet plays into those tropes. The climax especially devolves into forgettable modern formulas. Therefore, Massive Talent combines wit with mediocrity, making it a mixed bag.Meanwhile, Massive Talent's technicals are minor. There's fitting music, believable production, and blending sound transitions. The editing is noticeable because it serves punchlines and maintains a tight runtime. However, the cinematography isn't proactive, the effects are sparse (besides a young Nick alter ego), and the direction is basic. The tone takes itself just seriously enough, but the presentation of this material is bland. Ultimately, Nicolas Cage's commitment, Pascal's innocence, and the vulnerable family drama drive Massive Talent, but only so far. It's a fun movie that Cage fans should enjoy, but don't expect much else.Writing: 6/10
Direction: 5/10
Cinematography: 5/10
Acting: 7/10
Editing: 6/10
Sound: 6/10
Score/Soundtrack: 6/10
Production Design: 6/10
Casting: 8/10
Effects: 7/10Overall Score: 6.2/10.
8 When Nick Cage (Nicholas Cage) realizes his finances are disastrous, he agrees to make a one-time appearance at a billionaire's birthday. Once he gets off the plane and meets billionaire Javi (Pedro Pascal), a friendship is struck up. Before Nick can get too comfortable, he finds out that his new billionaire friend is being watched by the CIA, who quickly recruits him to be their new informant.If this film had been made with and about anyone other than Nicolas Cage, I don't think it would have worked. This film was written to highlight some of Cage's best moments in his career, leaving the viewer with Easter eggs galore. The direction of the film taps into the action genre while still being a true comedy. Just when you think it's just a comedy, it switches gears into a crime drama. The cinematography brings you to the gorgeous paradise of the film's setting.As previously stated, Nicolas Cage is fantastic and shows why he's had such a long career. Buddying up with Pedro Pascal is a match made in heaven. These two play off of each other so well. Tiffany Haddish delivers some memorable lines and commands the scene when she's in it. Ike Barinholtz has impeccable comedic timing as always, and the biggest downfall is not having more of him and Haddish. Sharon Horgan and Lily Mo Sheen round out Cage's family, and the dynamic feels pure. You get a true sense of a dysfunctional family that truly loves each other. And last but not least, is Neil Patrick Harris, who plays Cage's agent with gusto.It is hard to find fault with this film. I'm not sure if it's because it is so much fun or because the runtime just flies by. So elements such as the score and other technical areas don't shine too brightly, but I'm not sure they were intended to. Some characters could have used a bit more screen time, but keeping their appearances to a minimum made their moments a little more memorable. Going up a notch in some of the action set pieces would have been the icing on the cake, but now I'm just getting greedy.The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent is a film that is going to be talked about for years. The way it is constructed and written leaves it as a prime candidate for multiple viewings. It is genuinely laugh-out-loud funny and earns every one of them. I can't wait to watch this one again and again.
8 Caught an advance screening tonight and I thought it was super fun. I'm a huge Nicolas Cage fan, and it was over the top and crazy and chaotic and heartwarming. And there's definitely some cuckoo stuff mixed in, I'm actually a little surprised he didn't take the weirdness even further. And he yelled a lot but I would've taken even more. Haha Definitely a light silly night at the movies :) LOVE LIVE CAGE.
7 The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent. Nicholas Cage movie, about Nicholas Cage and his fight between his artistic aspirations and his chasing of the big bucks as a movie star. In other words there's lots of over acting, lots of action and it's very very clever and funny. A wonderful movie and we'll worth seeing . 8/10.
10 Best work of Nicolas Cage. Didn't expected it to be soo good. The Bromance at its best. The Bottom Line Very entertaining, if less exotic than it sounds.
10 Watching this film I was unsure if it was a comedy, a farce, or Nick Cage's personal fever dream, but no matter what it was, I loved it! Clever and compelling, this film weaves a tale that results in laughs both hearty and wry. A+
10 This movie is a blast of entertainment a perfect spoof of Nicolas playing himself with great references, wackiness, and brilliant surprises! A treat for fans or not a The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent is a well constructed delightful experience. I love how everything plays out if I could be the equivalent of Pedro Pascals character I definitely would I'm a huge fan of Nicolas's films and this one is a ultimate fun! The action is badass, dialogue is well written and hilarious the bulk of the duration.
9 My score: 9.2/10
IMDb: 8.0/10 (2,275 users)
Metascore: 72/100 (20 critics)If you are Nick Cage fan then I truly believe you will love this film. The comedy is so fluid, that it had me laughing so hard throughout, my face and stomach started to hurt.The acting was on point. Not just from Cage, but also from Pedro Pascal. I found them to be a hilarious duo that blended, and fed off each other, quite well.I truly enjoy Nicolas Cage as an actor, but I haven't watched nearly enough films to understand the references that are throughout this film. However, I feel the goal was achieved in the reference department because other audience members seemed to enjoy the parts I didn't fully understand.The story was quite enjoyable, as well. The real world and acting world, so to speak, blended in such a way that the bits that were becoming a movie were enhancing the bits that are the movie. (Worded super weirdly there, but there's two plots sort of running and both are enjoyable simultaneously)While it doesn't feel like it outright all the time. The characters are definitely relatable and had me feeling empathy for them too.Overall, I absolutely loved this movie and was happy to laugh really hard in a natural way. If you hate Nicholas Cage as an actor then probably stay away, but if you love him I highly recommend checking this one out.Thank you for taking the time to read my review. I hope it helps you make a decision on the film. Until next time.... Enjoy the show!
9 Nicholas Cage is back!Not that he went anywhere.You don't have to be Cage fan to like this movie, but it helps.Besides who doesn't love Nick.Especially when his alter ego from "Wild At Heart" is digitally de-aged and gets to ride shotgun as his conscience during this 1hr 45 min action, crime, thriller, laugh out loud comedy Cage Fest.Nick plays himself as a cash-strapped Nicolas Cage even though at his poorest he still had 25 million dollars in the bank, even after his real life expensive divorce.British actor Sharon Horgan plays his on screen wife "Olivia".In "The Unbearable Weight Of Massive Talent" Nick agrees through his agent "Richard Fink", Neil Patrick Harris, during a funny steam room scene to make a paid one million dollar appearance at a billionaire freaky super fan's birthday party...just so he can pay his massive Hotel bill of $600,000.In the next 1 hour and 47 minutes Nick is enlisted as an informant for the CIA, who suspect the billionaire fan, Pedro Pascal as Olive Garden Mogul "Javi Gutierrez" is a drug kingpin.The real CIA agents are Tiffany Haddish as "Vivian" and Ike Barinholtz as Martin.If Ike looks familiar its because his brother is starring as "Marcus" in #Netflix "Superstore".However Javi is keen for Cage to read his script and get cast in his next movie...this is when all hell and fun breaks loose.Bear in mind I watched this film the night after seeing "Everything Everywhere All At Once", so I leapt from one trippy movie into another where Nicholas Cage is playing himself and even when he's not on screen word on the street is he is permanently in Nick Cage mode.Nicolas Cage joins a long list of actors who played themselves in movies including AL Pacino, Bruce Willis, Keanu Reeves, John Malkovich, Sean Penn, Anna Faris, Charlie Sheen, Jean-Claude Van Damme, Bill Murray, Bruce Campbell, Joaquin Phoenix, Ben Affleck, Julia Roberts, James Franco and Arnold Schwarzenegger.Blink and you'll miss it moments: Demi Moore as the movie version of "Olivia" and Director David Gordon Green playing himself.In Pascals own words this movie is "really fu*$ing funny" which is why I'm giving it 9 stars!
10 I would watch 10 seasons of this as a tv series. And Pedro Pascal...what a pleasure to watch. A whole world of comedy gold to be mined there. And Nicolas Cage .. a career that has some of the most memorable and comic/tragic scenes ever filmed.Leaving Las Vegas has inspired and haunted me from the first time I saw it. The casino scene where Nic tips the table over screaming about his son....But the Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent honours Nic's persona in such a delightful way... every scene was a treat and the movie ends way too soon.
8 Very cheesy, but self aware. It was good to laugh at the movies again. Pedro Pascal and Nick Cage somehow made magic together. An unlikely but very effective duo. Even the action scenes were well done. Awesome cast and stunning location. A hilarious and fun ride.
10 Nicolas Cage is a good actor, but it's his over the top energy is what he brings to some of his characters, is what his fans mostly love.Washed up actor Nick Cage unwittingly gets tangled up with a suspected terrorist(Pedro Pascal). Ends up working for the C. I. A. . While also trying to mend a broken relationship with his daughter(Lily Mo Sheen).The movie has a lot of craziness I'd rather not get into. It's a fun ride, you regret taking. Really admire Nicolas Cage having the guts to spoof himself, and he does it with such a funny style. Cage and Pascal have such a funny chemistry to the point it would seem like a comedy team. Everybody else here also gets there chance to shine. If you are in the mood for a big laugh, then give this movie a look.
10 This film was so fun & hilarious! Nicholas Cage as a fictional version of himself was awesome. His chemistry with Pedro Pascal was prefect. Massive talent is a must watch for Nicholas Cage fans.
4 Depending on your level of hero worship to Cage, it's either a multi-layered adult drama with iconic self-reflection or a narcissistic ego trip which can't make its mind up what it wants to be. None of it was particularly great, although the acting was good and the premise showed a lot of promise. The action was passable, the comedy minimal and the story inconsistent.
7 At more than one stage appearing destined for a sad demise in the lands of direct to video releases that ranged from the tolerable to the diabolical, the recent career revival and public adoration towards Oscar winner and walking meme Nicolas Cage has been a sight to behold and easily one of feel good stories of modern Hollywood history.It's hard to nail down an exact time and place where Cage reminded us all that he is in fact some form of national treasure but with the likes of recent releases such as Mandy, Joe, Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse and last years wonderful surprise Pig, Cage has started to deliver products that are not only on par with his early to mid-90's output but arguably career best with new meta-comedy The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent taking Cage's new found place in the adoring world to all new levels of goodness.Teaming up with sophomore feature director Tom Gormican to bring his real-life persona into a wild mix of his Hollywood self, Cage is here playing himself in a wild adventure that see's the committed performer a guest at Pedro Pascal's Javi Gutierrez's Spanish villa as the long-time Cage fanboy invites him to his home in an event that quickly turns dangerous as Cage is called upon help the US government stop a group of deadly arms dealers.Narratively there's nothing to get overly excited about here but the glue that holds this romp all together is the fact Gormican brings out the absolute best of Cage that is sure to be a treat to anyone that has watched his career blossom from bit parts in Fast Times at Ridgemont High, to Oscar glory in Leaving Las Vegas then sad appearances in the likes of The Wicker Man or Left Behind, with Cage here having the time of his life reflecting on his up and down career, riffing of his imaginary younger self and creating comedic gold chemistry with his co-star who proves his just as at home in a film such as this as he is in Mexican cartels and battling evil in a galaxy far far away.Rarely stopping for a moments pause, once Cage arrives as Javi's picturesque villa and strikes up a budding friendship with the film loving screenwriting fan, Weight just goes for broke as it throws Cage in a series of over the top and crazy situations with highlights coming thick and fast in the form of cliff jumps and acid trips and while it does start to lose steam once Cage's ex-wife and daughter arrive on the scene around the three quarters mark, there's a lot of good will built up from the film that ensures its never far from providing a fun time for all who signed up for the adventure to Cage's world that we are just living in.A film that for all intents and purposes should never have existed if we were to rewind mere years ago, Weight is a memorable addition to the totally unique and once in a lifetime career of one of Hollywood's most engaging icons, Weight has no right being as entertaining as it is as it gives us an insight into the world of Nic Cage, the man, the myth and the legend.Final Say -Likely to be a new favourite for any of Nic Cage's long-term fans or new bandwagoners, The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent is a hugely entertaining film that doesn't unleash anything spectacular but does a fine job of allowing its leading men to have an absolute blast in a meta-comedy that will be one of 2022's most genuinely surprising outings.3 1/2 Donnie Brasco situations out of 5For more reviews check out Jordan and Eddie (The Movie Guys)
5 I don't see movies in theaters very often, but this looked well worth it. I'm actually glad I went to the theatre for it because had I paid to stream it or waited for Redbox, I may not have finished it (or may have split it over a couple days). I love Cage, but this was just not as good as the current score here on IMDb (7.8 as I write this) says it is. The high ratings must be from people who can't separate the older Nicolas Cage flix from how this movie actually was. Maybe those who want to say he's "back" - not that he went anywhere - want to rate this higher than it deserves to ensure that he returns to the "A" list. It was ok, but lacked something. I liked the alter-ego character of Cage that other reviews say was Sailor from Wild at Heart. Initially I thought it was Randy from Valley Girl. It would have been cool to have a few of his old characters sprinkled in as the alter-egos, but that wasn't the case. Overall it was a bit dull and drawn out.
10 The only way I see people not liking this movie is if they openly dislike Nicholas Cage in general. Not only does the dynamic with Pedro Pascal work SO WELL in this movie but I would argue that its some of the best acting either of them have done in their careers.I was worried the humor would get cheesy but man, there were plenty of great laughs. Even funnier if you get all the Nicholas Cage references but the movie doesn't rely on it. That definitely contributes to how the meta movie is at times but they also find other ways to do that.Maybe the most pleasantly surprising aspect was the emotional moments. Despite the movie not being super consequential, you still feel the impact of the deeper scenes and I loved that. I had a feeling this movie would be good and I'm happy to say it exceeded my expectations. 10/10.
6 Time to remind the audience that Nicolas Cage is more than a meme, but an Oscar awarded best actor. Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent is the perfection summary of Cage's current stage of career and life.I'm doubtful with the movie's approach in combining self salute, out-of-context comedy, espionage operation, duo development, family reunion, and movie-within-a-movie stuff, which entirely messed up the pacing, and pushed the story to the edge of becoming a farce.However, aside from the plot, Nick Cage is just too charismatic both as an actor and a realistic human being. Comedy is difficult to navigate, but by presenting his overreactive, dramatic self into serious actions, Cage converts the capricious facial and bodily expressions into laughable sequence. Despite the comic words, Cage implies his struggle in the real world: a talented actor who's remembered solely as "king of bad movies", who's drunk in his former glory. Beneath the deep eyes, is a bewildered, yearning, aging man.
10 This will go down as the greatest Indian films ever, Storyline was more sublime than ever
Grand performance from Yash, bit illogical fights but yes anything comes under fiction and if you're getting a story like this then nothing comes close
KGF 2 - surely A MASTERPIECE.
10 KGF Chapter 1 movie was just a Trailer, But this movie is a feast. Prashanth Neel kept his words and wrote such a Marvellous script. Some fools may say that KGF Chapter 2 is terrible, but being a movie lover I really loved the content. This really did well above the expectations and I really loved it. This movie is only made for action movie lovers only, Family sentiment and love story movie lovers will surely dislike due to it's action scenes. That's because these guys ain't have brain and Intelligence Quotient in their brain to understand this movie. Better I recommend them to watch love story/ Family Sentiment movies rather than Action Movies like KGF Chapter 2.Ps: The spoiler is Achyuth Kumar, who played the role of Gurupandian is the main Antagonist, not Sanjay Dutt.
10 "Hindi viewers, please don't regret later on when it'll be playing on TV and internet." This is what I mentioned in my review of KGF Chapter 1 after I watched it in cinemas. And today, as I witnessed the second chapter of this epic action saga in cinemas as well, I found myself blown away by the gripping plot, gorgeous visuals, stunning action sequences and most importantly, Yash's screen presence as Rocky. I can safely proceed to state that my expectations were not only met, but also surpassed by this fine sequel.KGF Chapter 2 expands the scale and story introduced to us in part 1 and ends up raising the bar higher. The makers were definitely quite confident making it, and it shows in every single frame. From beautifully picturizing the KGF (Kolar Gold Fields) to explosively choreographing the action sequences to elevating Rocky's character at multiple occasions, they have shown they knew what the viewers wanted, and delivered the promise product without any hassle. I was also glad to see heavy cheering and whistling throughout almost the entire duration, and some credit goes to the dialogue writer as well. The music was also good and delivered without interfering with the storytelling (though one song in the second half wasn't really necessary).The biggest plus point of the film is its screenplay. From re-introducing our favorite characters and introducing new ones to building up conflicts and backing them with explosive action, KGF Chapter 2 has all the ingredients of a proper mass entertainer. Not a single scene where it feels dragged or overdone. Sure, it does feel long at times, but it never gets boring, and with several twists and turns, the story remains intriguing till the end.One thing I'd definitely want to tell the viewers is to not simply get up and walk away once the credits start rolling. There is a mid-credits scene, and it's an important one. Other than that, this film should be on your watchlist if you like period action films. In the end, I just feel glad and kind of proud seeing a film I liked in 2018 going on to receive much bigger hype and viewer turnout with its second part in 2022.
9 The screenplay, cuts and sound effects deserves a standing ovation. There are illogical moments but that don't take away you, because the Director keeps you invested in the 'state of disbelief' and that is the success of this movie. There is hardly any sugarcoating to the criminal angle of Rocky, and it is more of a man with a promise to fulfill. Kudos to the entire cast and crew for a honest 'masala movie'!!
10 Watched 7 am show.Can't compare with any Hollywood movie. True gem of Indian cinema.. don't call this now a regional cinema. It took Bollywood easily now .Great direction music and high tone acting . Just watch and experience movie as it is. Action drama crime at high level .
10 KGF - Chapter 1, set the tone for a slick gangster franchise-high on style and details. The first part was all about establishing the intentions and power of Raja Krishnappa Bairya aka Rocky Bhai. The second part has managed to create hype with its promotional content that gives a peek into the film. Does the film manage to match the build-up? It does and provides a better sequel and also has a big surprise for fans in the end, too.The film begins with Vijayendra Ingalagi, the son of Anand Ingalagi, taking over as the narrator. Rocky has won over the people of KGF and he is now in the process of dreaming bigger and treading more dangerous paths. In this process, he encounters Adheera, who is inspired by the Vikings and evokes visceral fear, who wants KGF back. Simultaneously, he also has to encounter the righteous Prime Minister Ramika Sen, who also wants Rocky taken down.The story progresses at a brisk pace in a racy tale of Rocky's journey to the top. The film, like the first part, presents a dark, dreary world that is stylishly shot. While the first part took time to prove who the protagonist was and included more time to establish the same, this second part moves quicker and one gets to meet more characters. The conflicts and battles are more interesting this time.This film gets to showcase the emotional side of Rocky too, with a love story and even some glimpses into his past life that fuelled his ambition. The love story doesn't take away too much from the tale either. One of the best shots in the film is the introduction of Adheera played by Sanjay Dutt. It is pure magic on screen and evokes whistles organically. Raveena Tandon as the Prime Minister also has a good track. The other interesting addition is Rao Ramesh as the CBI officer. Prakash Raj also makes for a good narrator, with his baritone adding an immersive experience.The film belongs as much to filmmaker Prashanth Neel as it does to Yash. Both of them have managed to deliver a sequel that seems more immersive than the first part. Albeit, Prashanth has always maintained that the second part had the bigger chunk of his original story when they decided to break it into two parts.For the audience who wants to watch a loaded action film with style, heavy-duty stunts, and dialogues, this one is simply made to order. KGF: Chapter 2 might not appeal to the seemingly woke audience, who would question consent or nitpick on commercial staples like violence. But for those who love such films, here's an essential spoiler, as there is a hint at a possible third chapter in the end credits, so wait until the end.
10 As expected, KGF 2 is getting positive response and sure there's a possibility a box office tsunami and set record.In addition, KGF 2 will be the best Kannada film ever. Sorry to say haters, film will be blockbuster.The plus points are Yash, music and BGM, Prashanth Neel direction and climax.The minus points are runtime, some illogical scenes and weak villain.Once again, Yash has given fantastic performance and wins the hearts of the viewers. Hats off to them for making the best Kannada film ever.Hence, it will probably became the best Indian film of 2022 since RRR.
10 Blockbuster movie..
Wellmade action sequences...
Loved Rockybhaii style...
Story okaish...
Dialogue delivery outstanding...
Bgm & songs rocking...
Its a most watch movie...
9 KFF part 2- Boisterous, loud and machismo type effect, taking Kannada movie to great heights.Almost realistic barring few errors, the strong story line is displayed with bullet train speed, tight screenplay and stunning dialogues.Key characters have been given equal weight and power- that's the best part.Raveena shines as a tigress and pounds heavily. Sanjay Dutt plays his role well.Yash steals the show with his charisma and he is the REAL GOLD. His confidence and dialogue delivery is clap worthy.KGF is KANNADA's GOLD FILM.
10 It is one of the best movies and a history for indian cinemas.Ot has grate actions and emotions and blah blah blah. It is a gold for indian cinemas.
10 Teaser & Trailer was nothing ! This movie is a pure master piece .. yash , baaba nailed it !!! My respect to Prashant for directing it in such next level way ... can't wait for chapter 3 !!!!
14 April 2022 Right through K. G. F: Chapter 2, I couldn't help but imagine what it must have been like for Prashant Neel to watch The Godfather for the first time. More than the whole film, I'd love to ask him someday about the impact its climax left him with as he watched it in what I imagine to be an old theatre, wherever he grew up. Like the iconic theatre scene in Cinema Paradiso, this moment must have been Prashanth's big life-altering moment, his metamorphosis where he not only discovered the magic of movies but also the concept of "mass" before it became a thing. Without sounding too dramatic, something must have clicked in him because there's no one here who thinks in intercuts like this man.Read the full review on Film Companion.
10 KGF CHAPTER 2 : STORM AT THE BOX OFFICE....Director Prashant Neel, the captain of the ship & his entire crew deserves a standing ovation for creating a mammoth.No one should think of watching this on an OTT platform and insult the movie.Nothing to say much, it was such a theatrical experience which could be experienced once or twice in a year.Every artist had dropped their signature.A larger than life show based on a strong emotional foundation.Hats off to the entire team of KGF.
9 #KGFChapter2 This movie has a hype which i have never seen for any Indian Movie. Chapter 1 had set huge expectations & Chapter 2 exceeds all that Expectations. Yash has nailed it with his performance .Prashanth neel has again proved that he is an Ace Director 
10 Movie is set to break all time indian records. The storyline is unpredictable and goosebumps throughout the movie. Full action on first half and the real story begins at second half .
10 Violence violence violence .. Glorifying the violence is Not easy subject to deal with .. But prashanth neel succeeded it with ease. His elevations are none to nodbody in Indian film directors ... Have been watching his work since Ugram , KGF1 and now KGF2 .... You have got that art in making commercial movies , keep continuing and exploring it more and more ... Movie keeps you high throughout and you would feel movie got ended with blink of an eye ... You would want to watch it few more times so that you feel high for the day ... Sachin gowda , Ravi Basrur and 2 golds in our KFI and they proved it big time with KGF2.
8 The people who fell in love with the first chapter, I can safely say that they are in for an absolute delight. It's bigger, better and more grand in the truest sense of the word! Prashant Neel knew what the fans wished for and he duly delivers. With electrifying Cinematography, phenomenal background score and a surplus of action set pieces, it's nothing but an Action Junky's dream come true.Regardless, speaking of my personal opinion on it, I did enjoy my time in the theatres, and did take a strong liking to whatever this had in its offerings; However, I wasn't fully sold on it.Halt the hate train and just let me clarify...I have mainly two criticisms, one is about the forceful incorporation of romance (which was mostly counterproductive) and the other one is a somewhat loose portrayal of Sanjay Dutt as "Adheera". Just try to remember what Prashant Neel previously did with Ramachandra Raju as Garuda. That character, not only looked ferocious and frightening he also talked evil, acted evil, and the whole aura around him was appalling to say the very least.Now when it comes to Adheera, the impression is quite distinct. Don't get me wrong, he still is efficient enough and Mr Dutt played the role remarkably well, it's just that his character appeared more like a murderous, bloodthirsty warrior (inspired by Viking traditions) than a vicious, vile adversary against our lead protagonist.For Srinidhi Shetty (as Reena); My qualms are a little different. I would not put the entire blame on her, as she did whatever the director had made her do. It's her character, or the writing rather, that leaves much to be desired. On a side note, I admire what they did with Ramika Sen; she's fierce, desperate and very much to the point. Needless to say, Raveena Tandon did an incredible job as well.Looking at how my review had gone so far, you guys might be having some doubts regarding my judgements, well, don't get any wrong ideas cause I wholeheartedly appreciate the film for what it is and what it represents. And the main reason for my fondness goes to Yash aka Rocky!I'm telling you, this man is something else. I have seen lots of superstars over the years but none come remotely close to what Yash brings to the table. His magnetic personality, the specific way in which he delivers his lines, and the undeniable charisma that he possesses; it's truly one of a kind, unparalleled in every sense.
10 Only this word defines the movie.Goosebump in every scene of the movie .The movie was fantastic. Everyone acted very well in the movie. VFX and Graphics in the movie was amazing. Songs and BGM in the movie was superb. Amazing movie.And i am saying it again Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.
8 OMG. What did I just watch! KGF Chapter 2 is a blistering, adrenaline-pumping, high-stakes sequel to what was an era-defining part 1 that propelled not just Prashant Neel and superstar Yash but also the entire Kannada film industry, into national prominence. The team has clearly made the best use of the higher budget it received after the first film's success, keeping the emotional resonance from the original intact and building elaborate, well written and intelligently shot and edited mass elevation scenes that will keep you clamouring for more till the awe-inspiring climax.We rejoin our hero, Rocky Bhai as he takes over control of the Kolar Gold Fields after having killed the demonic "Garuda" in the first film, only to have an entire can of worms open up as a consequence with everyone ranging from Garuda's vengeful uncle "Adheera" (Sanjay Dutt) to the Prime Minister of India "Ravika" (Raveena Tandon) training their sights on his lucrative fiefdom. Director Prashant Neel gets his casting choices spot on with both these Bollywood biggies bringing in their A-game as menacing antagonists that hold their own against Yash's sheer swag and star power.The void left by legendary Kannada actor Anand Nat opting not to return to the franchise due to personal reasons was ably filled by National-award winner Prakash Raj, while the rest of the returning cast play their roles with flourish, especially Ayyappa P Sharma as "Vanaram", Harish Rai as "Khasim", Achyuth Kumar as "Guru Pandian" and Govinda Gowda as the cheeky "office assistant". Srinidhi Shetty is nondescript as Rocky Bhai's love interest "Reena", with their romance track bordering on an extreme case of Stockholm Syndrome, being the only hiccup in an otherwise flawless mass masala entertainer.Prashant Neel's ability to smoothly intercut the main timeline with flashbacks to Rocky Bhai's childhood means that the mother character, played ably by Archana Jois, makes an even more emotionally endearing impact on Chapter 2, with the mother-son bond continuing to be the glue that holds together what would otherwise have been a shallow massy outing.Prashant Neel has made creating innovative mass elevation sequences an art form and with a star of Yash's natural badassery and swagger as his foil, the auteur has clearly cut loose with the sheer scale and scope of his sets rising to earthshattering levels, without sacrificing on ingenuity and the ability to catch the audience by surprise. The intro sequences of our three primary characters, played by Yash, Dutt and Tandon are choreographed with pinpoint precision to evoke maximum mass impact and are custom-made to play to each performer's strengths. While Neel uses Dutt's eyes and hulky silhouette to portray his beastly and brutal nature, with Tandon, he resorts to using minimal hand and facial gestures to showcase the sheer unspoken power wielded by her character, inspired by India's Iron Lady, Indira Gandhi herself.And what can I say about Yash that hasn't been already said? Irrepressible swag, a natural coyness and obnoxious body language mean he is a natural fit as the morally ambiguous gangster and it is this very nature that adds to the unpredictability of the KGF universe with the audience constantly on the ropes, unable to guess or comprehend what the crazy mafioso will do next. Music director Ravi Basrur carries on the same rich vein as in the first part, elevating each punch sequence with layers of feeling and goosebumps, switching over effortlessly from the massy highs of "Sulthana" to the emotionally wrought "Thannane"."KGF Chapter 2" stands head and shoulders over other recent Indian blockbuster fan service mass vehicles like "Pushpa (2021)" and "RRR (2022)" because of the editing and staging prowess of its director, with seemingly unrelenting action and a narrative that constantly keeps you guessing and on a knife-edge. A mandatory theatre watch! Highly, highly recommended! And don't forget to catch the post-credits scene!
10 One of the best powerpack flim in Indian Cinema... Action sequence are best...The roll of Adeera,Remika sen...Please everybody go and watch the flim in theatre.... Enjoy the experience of the Gangster of Monster..
10 Flamboyant style and mesmerizing writing, outstanding costumes of yash which made audience spellbound with his character in chapter 1 are on a whole new level in this one.He got a antagonist who is on his level.Adheera played by Sanjay Dutt is just majestic.Raveena Tandon as Ramika Sen is too good.Entire cast lived upto the role and more.Yash penned down most of his dialogues which are on a whole new level.Writing of the movie, DOP, Costumes, and most importantly Background Score puts this piece of the movie in the list of masterpieces india produced.Mother sentiment worked well in this one too except not as frequent as chapter 1.This movie has all traits of chapter 1 only difference is that they are enhanced, amplified and worked even better.Action sequences are very wisely choreographed.Overall this is definitely one to watch in theatres.
10 The movie is best you should watch the movie I actually love the movie please go for it you will find crazy action and balance emotion in it it is the history present and future of Indian cinema so let's see your future.
10 Story 9/10
Script 9.5/10
Screenplay 9.5/10
Direction 9.5/10
Cinematography 9.5/10
(Stunning)Visual effects 9.5/10
Music(bgm) 9.5/10
Action 9.5/10
Comedy 8.5/10
Acting 8/10..The movie just moves like speedy bullet ..Theatrical experience,bgm Goosebumps..
The movie is absolutely, incredible in all aspects..Making was top notch,perfect 10/10... Fast facing,
Stunning action, crime, thriller ever made in indian cinema..."Finally kannada movie created history in indian cinema"
"Proud feel for kannadigas and kannada film industry"
10 After surpassing all expectations I definitely tell you that this movie is Superb at mass level.. Top notch at performance and music department... Addictive at world building... Gut wrenching at action department and Kingmaker as a part 2....
Also don't miss the end.. Now tsunami will come again 
10 Mindblownnnnn!!! What I saw on screen was the conviction and hardwork of the entire team that has worked with so much passion!!  Congrats on the well deserved humongous success.BONAFIDE BLOCKBUSTER
KGF2 is RAW, Intense, Powerful & a Mind Blowing film,#Yash officially enters the PAN INDIA Superstar league,Studded with BRILLIANT action scenes & characters to remember.
4 They tried, yes, they did, but what's most annoying about this movie is the below average acting performances. French and Dawn's appearance (not funny) dont make things any better. There are lots of silly accents and lots of scenes with over acting. Annoying.More bad:the utter tediousness of this story. It lasts a whopping 2 hours and a bit and this story only starts going after an entire hour. And even then it's quite tedious to watch.No humor. (not my kind) No suspense. Really none at all. What's left? An average detective, really below average...The story: lots of folks travel on a cruiseboat. Someone dies. Who did it?
4 Hercule Piorot is holidaying in Egypt when he is invited aboard a cruise down the Nile. The host is the extremely wealthy, recently married, heiress Linnet Ridgeway. The journey is soured by the appearance of Jacqueline de Bellefort, the ex-flame of Ridgeway's husband. Ridgeway stole him away from her and she seems intent on extracting some sort of retribution. When Ridgeway is murdered suspicion naturally falls on de Bellefort but she has a cast iron alibi.I should have known better than to watch this having watched Kenneth Branagh's adaptation of Murder on the Orient Express. Everything about it seemed flat and listless: paint-by-numbers adaptation, minimal intrigue (especially for a murder-drama), subdued, uninspired performances (despite an all-star cast), mindless action scenes.Where Branagh did dial things up was on the cinematography and effects but even there it falls flat: all the effects just make everything seem fake. You can tell it's being filmed in a studio in front of green screen rather than out in the snow with a real train.Having watched the excellent 1974 version it was a definite sub-standard effort. It felt like the classic Christie tale had been dumbed-down for modern audiences and substance sacrificed for style.Murder on the Nile is largely more of the same: weak, dumbed-down adaptation, listless performances, style over substance. The graphics and cinematography at least feel less fake here and are in fact the only positive as they do provide a richness of colour and a vibrance to proceedings.The screenplay is cringy at times with all the unnecessary add-ons to the novel to accommodate modern viewers. Performances are shrill and irritating. Casting is off: so many dud choices. I assume Branagh only wanted French and Saunders in the film because he's a fan of them as a comedy duo, not because they were ideal for their roles (as they're not).Similar to how I ended my review of Murder on the Orient Express, watch the excellent 1978 Peter Ustinov version instead. Or watch the relevant episode in the brilliant David Suchet Poirot series. With those already in existence I don't know why this film was made.
4 Alone the first scene is a fine example that many of today's movie producers, writers and directors too many times don't understand much about what they write about or produce (or they just don't care - I don't know what's worse): take the first scene, the attack in the war of the trenches. The French use gas to hide themselves and instead of putting on their gas masks (well, gas is dangerous, isn' it?) and taking preparation for an attack (the use of gas almost always indicated an immediate attack), the Germans just say, hey, I can't see a thing, just lets stare around a little bit more or just keep on eating your soup. Next scene, we get some Blues tunes that are fine but, well, the movie plays in 1937, but the first electrical guitar ever build was a Rickenbacker in 1936, and the Blues style played belongs to the 40s and 50s... I just give you that two little examples to illustrate why the whole movie just feels wrong and even dumb sometimes - the characters of course behave and talk also out of time and place. Anyway, watchable, if you like the starred actors but compared to the movie of 1978, this one looks weak.
2 Please, please no more remakes of what were once great movies. Kenneth Branagh has gone from bad to worse with this. Everything is so false about it, the cgi so bad. Acting is terrible, as is cast. Why do people want to make remakes of movies which were truly the best.
4 By comparison, this is multiple levels below recent mainstream mysteries Knives Out and Murder on the Orient Express. The mystery has some intrigue but not much. The pacing is off and it takes a while (over an hour) before the mystery actually begins. I'm not a fan of the tone or the music. The actors are frequently over-the-top, sometimes reaching cartoonish territory.Overall, this movie is not put together very well. And I found it only mildly entertaining when I wasn't bored. (1 viewing, 2/14/2022)
5 First off, great cast and amazing acting, the leads had chemistry and the emotions felt authentic. However, the score and cinematography were mediocre borderline poor. It was painfully obvious that every set was green screen. The score left too many dead moments. Also, what was with that very weird Gadot as Cleopatra moment?!
4 2 out of 5 stars.Death on the Nile is a boring mystery film that does not improve from its previous film. And the sequel is no better. Besides putting the film in a beautiful set piece on a boat and beautiful visual effects of the Nile river and Egypt setting.The film does have a promising cast ensemble. Kenneth Branagh does great with the role. The newcomers like Annette Being, Russell Brand, Gal Gadot, Armie Hammer, Letitia Wright and many others are all talented.The script drags the story. The direction is slow and boring. Every clue is revealed slowly, and when the twist is revealed. It is no surprise or giving you that thrill. I found the film to be boring and slow. The story is decent. The direction and script could have been so much better for a whodunit kind of film.
2 I suppose you could say this is a fake film for fake times.It looked surreal because it was surreal.Yes, it looked spectacular and lavish, but it was just not real.Just about everything was created on a computer, no trip to Egypt required.The day will come when CGI is so good there will be no need for actors and actresses. It will all be created by software.Rather than follow an established story with the same characters the need to force feed the viewer with PC wokery had to be catered for first.So we had, characters left out, characters introduced, names changed, genders changed, nationalities changed, ethnicity changed, same sex relationship introduced ... what a mess.Ironically, the outing of same sex relationship by Poirot in the reveal was callous and cruel. It played no part in the plot at all, in fact the portrayal of Poirot was way off the mark.Sophie Okonedo was the best thing in it, she was superb and disappointing that she was wasted in this poor adaptation.Both the TV drama (2004) and the 1978 film were better than this attempt, both being shot on location with actual REAL locations.Watch the 1978 film, it is much better and follows the original plot far more closely.
27 March 2022 I don't always agree with the professional critics, but I have to say that I do agree this adaption, is, without a doubt, the most turgid and poorly executed Christie adaption that there has been.There is over an hour of the film before the mystery even begins and that interminable hour consists of exposition that leave the characters as two dimensional as when it started. And half of the characters seem shoveled in with no purpose whatsoever. E.g. Sophie Okonedo. She is a great actress. Perhaps the best in this cast. I strongly recommend people see her Hollow Crown and Hotel Rwanda. But her character (or that of the character's niece) in Death on the Nile is what? Serves what plot purpose? (Answer: none)The actual "solving" of the mystery has to be the most predictable Christie adaption ever. It is a outright "Cui bono?" It makes it clear this is written for very low brow audience.
1 The opening scene tells all you need to know. Twerking dance in 1936!!! That is a sure sign of desperation which is obvious in the rest of the movie. No authenticity, horrible acting, atrocious directing. Full of horrible CGI scenery that a 10 year old can tell its fake.Save yourself money and time and watch the 1978 version with Peter Ustinov as Poirot. Or better yet see TV series played by David Suchet. Both are 100 times better and sensible that this absolute garbage of movie.
4 Look, I really do think that Branagh is a compelling, entertainment-focused filmmaker and performer. He's usually fully committed, lively, and even somewhat imaginative. But when the material isn't good, those traits are nearly impossible to see behind his seeming obliviousness to the mediocrity on display. With Orient Express, the whodunnit plotting and characters are engaging; not so much here.
2 Murder on the Orient Express it was not .That was an enjoyable movie, not great, but entertaining and well written and excecuted . And of course an excellent cast .This debacle was none of that ; a disjointed screenplay, a cast not worth remembering - an adaption of the novel you certainly do not want to remember .Cringy , forced stereotypical dialogue and characters , poor camera work, editing, and cheap green screen recording for most of the film .To add insult to injury, a diversity cast was forced into the movie, in such a hamfisted fashion, and with such unlikable characters , that ironically it will most likely have the opposite of the desired effect .Avoid - it's boring at best, annoying in many places .
2 I hope Agatha Christie is haunting the director, editors, and writers from beyond, for besmirching her good name. I don't blame the actors, but the first half of this way too long movie was awful. In one scene, a character info-dumped the backstories of every other character and described why they would be a suspect in a future murder that hadn't even happened yet, which was some of the worst show-don't-tell and infodump writing I've ever witnessed. The glitz and glam is gratuitous and detracts from the story at times... every frame seemed hyper-photoshopped, to the point of looking cartoonish. I don't know whether the pandemic or political tensions prohibited them from using a drone for aerial footage of Egypt, or if stock footage wasn't available, but the CGI landscapes were painfully noticeable. Dialog consisted almost entirely of pithy one-liners, and no real conversations between characters were there to help develop characters, their relationships, or the story. There were a lot of characters, and I felt connected to none of them.The second half of the movie improved a bit, but suffered from Poirot seemingly magically knowing information that hadn't been revealed to the viewers. If you show it to us and we don't catch on until Poirot explains it, that's on us and is part of the thrill. If you don't show it, or show it only in retrospect, then I fault the movie makers for making the movie seem far-fetched and for me losing interest.
1 Kenneth Branagh has a lot to answer for - not the least of which is his hubris in thinking he can improve on the brilliant Agatha Christie stories and previous screen adaptations of some of her favorite novels. Worse, Branagh changes the fundamental traits and personalty of Christie's Hercule Poirot. Where the hell does he get off? Then, he tries to compensate with overproduced, overblown "movie magic" which may impress some but not true Chritie afficionados. This is a continuation of the same tricks he tried to pull with his shameful "Murder on the Orient Express." He should be ashamed. I think the next item on his assasination list is "Evil Under the Sun." Please, God, no!
4 If one were to compare the 2022 version with the 1978 evergreen classic of the same name then this latest one is an extreme and massive disappointment with terrible acting by everyone in the film including KB.However if one were to judge on its own then at best it's a below average movie with absolutely nothing praiseworthy at all.4/10.
1 Everybody's over acting like they were amateurs in a fifth grade school play. The actors running around in fancy clothes in front of green screens and cgi. The dialogue are uninspired, not realistic and not taken from the book. The characters are woke and thin as card board. I found it all to be boring and uninteresting.
3 After all the delays (this was scheduled for December 2019, even before the pandemic!), the Armie Hammer scandal and after all this time I almost forgot Poirot was to return. But once I finally saw this movie, I felt nothing. It's directed with a classy style but with too much of CGI and modern visuals and that mix is jarring. The performances are not that good to me (Benning may be my favourite, just her) and the storyline has a few moments and a watchable resolution but the pacing drags a lot on its first hour to me. I wanted it to be better or as decent as 'Orient Express', but clearly it was not. I yet recommend everyone to see the movie and judge by themselves. It's just I felt nothing watching it and that's a shame (after all the waiting) and a sadly steady pattern very much present in mainstream nowadays.
5 Turned in her grave, on plenty occasions in this edition of the death on the nile. I guess peter ustinov wouldve kikced his anckle too cause this edition of the poirot story is made for the new generation of agathae christie fans, not grumpy old peoople like me. How could he have forgotten his stick, and forlorn his bowler hat...IMPOSSIBLE'...enjoy it for what you want, but apart from some great vantage views of the nile and some workable cgi's here and there, this wasnt more ,than looking at a stage play in the london theater district, and the sets no more than a bbc tv theater. Best of british cast, but they can not rewrite the story again.enjoy the flicks from the past,they are way better.
4 From the opening shot of a CGI crow swooping through a World War One trench it is obvious this film detaches from reality and plays out like a comic book.The Egypt depicted in this film is a deserted sterile place: everything is CGI and there are hardly any extras.This is shot in a distractingly arty fashion with characters viewed from behind windows, railing or ceiling fans.There are some really gaudy, atmosphere-breaking scenes: like when a body is carried out on the shoulders of identically and immaculately dressed female crew members with the gravitas of a state funeral - but with an audience of ten.Characters are shot at extreme close up or from miles away - rarely anything in between.The script is slow and stogie, most characters just roll out monologues, sometimes whilst looking at another cast member, but rarely interacting.I am a big Christie fan and I like many of the adaptations (including the last Orient Express) but this was really dull and boring.The characters felt very flat, only existing to relay their one defining characteristic before fading into the background.This feels very much like watching someone playing a computer game, the player going from one task to the next, each character encountered programmed with the bare minimal of personality to progress the level.
1 I was looking forward to this movie, but turns out it's a very disappointing waste of time. This movie is only noise with card board characters. Not even worth finishing. It started with a barking dog, very bad sign, then foreign dialogue, explosions, generic characters and bad music. It got worse. Ugh.
2 Terrible acting in this 2 hour play.Someone said it's an expensive movie. It really doesn't feel expensive at all. Almost like it's was recorded in the same studio they make children's shows.
3 So many inaccuracies to be forgiven. I wanted to like this but couldn't. I bailed after the first 20 minutes. Beginning with an unnecessary and inaccurate WW1 prologue then shifting to a London "jazz" club with cringe dancing (which Poirot wouldn't be seen dead in) presumably to up the diversity quota. By the time the story gets to Egypt in a very fake pyramid scene I was getting wary. Then to a preposterously fake Nile-side hotel with a French and Saunders double act (I kid you not) and some dreadful dialogue. Then the band from the jazz club appeared (no, really). At this point my willingness to suspend my disbelief was no longer willing and TV was switched off.Look, it might have got better after this but I'm afraid Mr B lost this particular member of the audience before the first reel ended. The story is well known, the Peter Ustinov and David Suchet adaptations were classy, capturing the spirit of the book and the age. This version is an overblown, inaccurate historical fairy story to pander to attention deprived millennials; all visual key jangling without the style of the age or the class of the original writing. This is a good example of how films are nowadays turning a classic book with a pedigree of film adaptations into something unwatchable. Shame on you Mr B.
4 Just got back from watching "Death on The Nile" & I'm not even lying when I say Kenneth Branagh has chosen to shoe-horn in a WW1 related backstory to show why Hercule Poirot has a moustache... As if we needed an explanation, detailing the reason for a character's facial hair.At this rate, Hollywood will be giving us an origin story for Agatha Christie's bikini wax.Seriously though, the most suspenseful thing was the unmasked woman conspicuously coughing (continuously) throughout, further down the aisle of the cinema. It's a superficial adaptation, worsened by Kenneth Branagh's artificial direction, bad VFX, amateurish continuity errors & horrendous chewing of scenery by actors giving some of the worst performances of their careers.
1 Boring and pretentious interpretation of a great story.Death on the Nile is just another in a series of unnecessary productions that just shows that today's film industry has neither the quality nor the desire to make a good film that will intrigue the viewer and keep him in suspense.With a few solid actors and a few catastrophically bad ones, this film can't offer much. The script is bad, the dialogues are forced, and the actors seem to be bored.I didn't last until the end of the film, because it was simply boring and pretentious. Every movie looks the same, even those set in the past.Writers cannot refrain from destroying the classics. The film looks artificial, with visible CGI, the practical effects still look better. Everything seems forced and shallow, but that's how most movies look today.The script is bad, with hilarious dialogues and forced situations. I was expecting at least great set design, but even that looks too fake. This may have been really interesting, but in the end, this is just another boring movie.Boring, pretentious and unimaginative.A complete waste of time.
1 See the far superior 1978 version instead. Outclasses this version in every way - screenplay, acting, photography. Fun fact from the 1970s: it is possible to shoot a film on location, and not to a green screen with added CGI background.
5 Quirky, yes, Original, it had some moments, good..... I'm not too sure on that one, it had some elements that were good, but far too many eye rolling moments, too many things that just didn't hang together.The acting was alright, Eddie Marsan was good as always, but efforts to make us think the characters were American, and in The US, just fell flat. Had they spoken naturally, and just set it in The UK, it may have worked better.The behaviour of the characters was just somehow really odd, hard to imagine anyone having such bizarre experiences, and carrying on normally.Favourite scenes, the cafe scene was bonkers, but worked well, the part with the rat in the house also good.Odd, not terrible, but should have been so much better.5/10.
5 It's one of those movies that falls into the mediocracy area pretty quickly. The acting is ok (Eddie Marsan is the stand-out as always) but the plot is just tired, old and predictable.It's not a movie I'd explicitly pay to watch but if it appears on your favorite streaming service(s) give it a watch while you do something else.
1 When computer programmer Kayla (Iola Evans) copies an old computer adventure game to her laptop, stuff happens.My favourite part of Choose or Die was when the soon-to-be-dead friend turns into a glitchy video image and starts to spew up videotape. My second favourite part was the giant rat attack, told entirely via monochromatic computer sprites. I didn't understand why either scene was happening, but they made me laugh (especially when the videotape was rewound and played forwards again).To be honest, I didn't have a clue what was going on for the majority of this lamentable retro, hipster mix of The Ring and Brainscan. I didn't understand the origin of the game or the rules behind its curse. Stuff just happens, and, for the most part, it's not very interesting stuff. People die, but they do so in the most unimaginative and gore-free fashion (whatever way is the cheapest to film). I wasn't invested in any of the characters, so I didn't really care what happened to them.The final scene makes it clear that a sequel could happen. I think I'll choose not to watch it.
6 This horror film opens with Hal, a middle aged man, finding a cassette that contains a 1980s computer game called 'CURS>R'. He has an old computer so decides to play. It is a text based adventure game. As soon as it starts something odd happens; his choices in the game play out in real life. He can only stop playing if he makes copies of the game; he does so. Three months later protagonist Kayla finds the game along with a note stating that the first person to beat it will win $125,000 and a phone number, which gives a recorded message suggesting it might be unclaimed. Her friend, computer programmer Isaac, helps her start to play. Again her in game choices have real world consequences; attempts to stop playing or destroy the tape don't work; if she tries to avoid making a choice it tells her to 'Choose or Die'! Things will get increasingly unpleasant as Kayla learns more about the game and its origins before inevitably facing 'The Boss' level.This film opened well; anybody who played a computer game will enjoy hearing the sound of a game loading off a cassette nostalgia inducing. The way the game affected real life might not have been entirely original it was enjoyable. Some of these were pretty disturbing but at other times we just see old style game animation while hearing what is meant to be happening which was less scary... although I guess it saved on the effects budget. The story progresses well enough with Kayla taking on the various levels of the game at the same time each day and worrying about what to do in between. The cast is solid. Talking of the cast; given that they are mostly British and it was filmed in London there is no logical explanation of their characters being American and setting it in the US. It was fun having Robert Englund, of 'Nightmare on Elm Street' fame provide the voice of the game's 'Director Terror'. Overall I thought this was okay; hardly a must watch but it passed the time well enough.
5 Choose or Die is about an unemployed programmer struggling to get by while looking after her sick mother when her and her 1980s obsessed friend discover an unheard of 80s video game that is much more than it seems. One of those old green and black choose your adventure games becomes very real as its not just a game, the decisions made affect the real world, she must make a choice, or die. The girl has to keep playing while she also tries to discover the origins of the game and how to stop it.Robert England only provides his voice to an answering machine and parts of the game, so don't expect to see him on screen.Overall, compared to some reviews here, it's not a bad movie, but it's not one I'll ever check out again. It's not so much a nostalgic thing, melleniul or boring as some other reviews stated. It just is what it is. It's not really horror unless you have a fear of video games coming to life, it's more of a bit of a thriller and investigation with a few deaths along the way. It is what it is.Like I said, it's pretty much just a one off viewing kinda thing, but certainly not a must see. You choose if you wanna see it? Either way, you won't die lol.
2 Is it really what I think it is? Filmed in the U. K with U. K. actors Playing Americans in America in the U. K.!Why could they not be British characters?
5 An inventive but ultimately disappointing horror movie. Choose Or Die has some nice moments and the final third is better than what has come before but it is choppy in places and never really gels. A smart little voice cameo from Robert Englund and Iola Evans & Asa Butterfield are likeable enough leads but the movie just feels rushed. Could have been so much better.
4 All it takes to get millennials' attention is the mere mention of retro-gaming. When that forms the core concept of a horror-thriller, it obviously piqued my interest. The inclusion of Asa Butterfield in a prominent role also raised the stakes a little. But nope, the film is as bad as its poster looks. A B-horror movie that boasts a few outlandish frames thanks to its video-game context, there's not a lot to recommend here. The plot is absurd but that'd have been okay if the film stuck to its wackiness all through, say like Bandersnatch. Here, it shuffles between the real world and the video-game world, at times undermining the consequences that take place in the former. Like, the protagonist's mom is in the hospital nearly dead with an absolute creep for a bystander, and she's more concerned about the "prize money"? Okay then! Also, instead of focusing on the scares and thrills, the film goes the expository route. 
4 I believe it would have been an interesting short film about retro game that takes over control and forces you to make awful choices.However, the movie falls short with a regular length runtime and proves to be a drag devoid of any real excitement. As many before mentioned, it's just plain boring.Leading duo does a decent job but underdeveloped script gives them little to work with.Almost impossible to get through in one sitting.Would have rather avoided it.4 out of 10 from me.
7 The first 43 minutes of this originally done Horror flick was easily 10/10 & then it started to go down hill so I'm conflicted with the score to rate this movie  because the first half was so good I'll give it 7/10 It's definitely worth the watch because the start of this movie was insanely cool!
5 It's not really scary, but it's entertaining with its really good moments.It has the right balance of the older nostalgic effects as well. The ending is a bit weak, especially compared to how strong the start is. Worth a watch, but not with high hopes since it does have themes seen in other horror films. So it's not the most original, but it's fun to watch if you are a horror fan.The overall plot isn't the most in depth, but it works. The acting is decent enough too. I've seen much worse.
6 I love a good, messed horror with games involved. It's no Saw or Spiral, but it really hits the spot. It held my interest right from the start and I have the attention span of a 2 year old. The length was perfect. Honestly I could have watched more and if there was a sequel I won't not be mad!!
1 Another bomb from Netflix, confusing and not in a good way. Some very questionable acting, I cut my losses and bailed at the 30 minute mark, Netflix collects so much revenue yet continues to produce trash like this. Then will go and invest hundreds of millions in shows like Stranger Things, some consistency lacking there.
4 Kayla Edwards (Iola Evans) is a college programming student living paycheck to paycheck as a window cleaner and caring for her drug addicted mother, Thea (Angela Griffin). On the side, Kayla restores old technology for her friend, Isaac (Asa Butterfield), who specializes in coding and old computer programming. When Kayla comes across a copy of old 80s computer game CURS>R in Isaac's collection, she decides to play the game for a chance at possibly winning unclaimed prize money related to the game. However when Kayla plays the game, CURS>R's choices have real world consequences and in order to survive Kayla will have to choose or die.Choose or Die began life under the title Curser (spelled CURS>R) back in 2019. When it was first announced, the project was envisioned as a "short form" series for the ill-fated Quibi streaming service that folded less than a year after its launch with Ridley Scott serving as a producer through his Scott Free label. When Quibi folded so too did this incarnation of the project, but while Ridley Scott dropped out as a producer, UK company Anton relaunched the project as a traditional feature film with director Toby Meakins and writer Simon Allen still involved. The film marks Meakins' first feature debut, as well as the first feature writing credit of Allen who's better known for his TV work such as BBC's The Watch or The Musketeers. Choose or Die has an interesting premise on the surface, but underneath its initial hook this is a bare basics rehash of those post 2002 The Ring "cursed object" movies you've seen only with unintentional hilarity.When I'd heard about the premise for this film revolving around a cursed 80s text based adventure game, I was reasonably optimistic about the premise as I'd seen the concept done before in the episodic horror game Untold Stories where a play plays a text based adventure game that suddenly turns into a dark reflection of a past wrong they committed. Unfortunately that's where the comparisons end because the movie doesn't have characters who are all that interesting and are given the bare minimum as place holders to go through most of the same beats you've seen in movies like Polaroid, Countdown, Friend Request, and every other horror movie of the past 5 years you probably forgot existed. But Choose or Die stands out a little from those movies as it goes beyond being generic and into unintentional comedy.The first "choose or die" set piece where Kayla inadvertently causes an unsuspecting waitress to commit suicide by eating glass is somewhat unnerving, but every subsequent set piece beyond the first one amps up the ridiculousness beginning with a sequence where the game creates a giant rat that terrorizes Kayla's mother Thea in their apartment, but we don't actually see this rat as instead the sequence is shown to us with pixelated black and green graphics complete with MIDI music that makes a scene that should be horrifying gut bustlingly funny. And it only gets worse from there as poor Asa Butterfield reaches a low point in his career where he acts out a scene regurgitating unspooled Betamax tape in fast forward. But the absolute cherry on top comes from the very end of the movie where you'll be fully aware this was once intended to be a Quibi series because it sets up continuation in a way that positions it for a genre switch from horror to superhero.... I'm not joking.Choose or Die on the surface seems like yet another rehash of the cursed object formula, but it goes beyond simply being generic and can't be taken even the slightest bit seriously thanks to ill judged scenes that make something that should be horrifying instead humorous. The bland cast are feebly trying to bring some credibility to this material, but it's a fools errand as the premise gets more and more deranged culminating in an ending that feels like a remnant from when this was envisioned as a Quibi series.
3 The first half of the movie is great. Good premise, interesting idea and some nostalgia from the 80's well executed.But then, suddenly the movie sinks by itself. Extremely poor acting showed up including weird situations, annoying music, and the lame ending. What a conclusion. Terrible.Overall a wasted opportunity. Game over.
7 Pretty solid film all in all. Good cast and plot. It reminded me of a mixture of 13 sins and escape room to some extent. I liked that it had an ambiguous ending, though I feel this film would be better as just a standalone. We also have robert englands voice in the mix which was good though wish we actually saw him. Altogether a well acted horror movie. Maybe one of netflixes best in recent years.
4 Watched this last night in the hope that Netflix had added a good new horror film for me to watch, well they didn't exactly, in fact I thought the film was just okay.What did it have going for it, well the story was okay, it's been done before of course, the acting was borderline with the movie but of course parts of the film showed how cheap it was.Pros: as stated above and also not much more than what I have stated.Cons: there is way to much but a lot of reviewers have also stated such as, the music, putting loud rap music and synth music over the film just shows that the director doesn't know how to do tension, in fact this film was less than a horror film. There was no tension in it, no jump scares. So if they do a sequel stop with the over music it takes away any tension that is in the movie.Also the sub plot with the druggie, was awful and pointless, this bit was stupid.I struggled to give this film a four star rating, I was going to give a three but I did enjoy it and glad it wasn't on for a long time, so for that a four star rating.
5 I gave it 5 stars as a pity move. It's a pretty bad movie. Derivative, done to death, and cheesy.I mean, they tried. They even got a cameo from Freddy himself, Robert Englund. That's just not enough. The lead actress seems ernest and is trying. The faults lie entirely with the lazy writing, crappy sfx, and the predictability of damn near every single scene.
6 I liked the nostalgia with the 80s tech pull, and the homage to Ring/Ringu mixed with Black Mirror feel.Not scary, but entertaining. There's a 1 Hour Photo feel, characters and the background color schemes matching/blending, that's pretty cool. Soundtrack is solid, acting decent.Not sure if it's rewatchable, but I enjoyed the 85 mins for what it was, popcorn flick with friends.
7 I read a lot of negative reviews for this movie, but it's deserves some credit for originality of the storyline.It's a very low budget movie, there are virtually zero special effects. And maybe this is why some people are disappointed I don't know.But for this reason, I think the movie deserves some kudos. The storyline is original and for a 90 minute movie, it's does keep you engaged until the end. There are a couple of gruesome moments, but it is not a heavy horror or gory film. I'd say it's really more borderline sci-fi thriller. Again, maybe people were expecting more here.I'd really give this movie a 6/10, but I think for a low budget movie I think it's entertaining.Basically, I'd expect to see this movie, at a low-budget, 2-day horror film festival.For a Netflix movie, I'd expect bigger/budget production. Overall, it is different and watchable.
6 If you are looking to get scared as hell, forget about it, its not that scary, pretty much predictable but I like the concept, its unique and fresh. The plot could have been explained better if this would have been directed by James wan but its a good film to watch. Just don't expect too much, save it for when you have nothing to watch.
7 I am shocked this is getting such poor ratings!It was a bit like a long Black Mirror episode and it did require a bit of suspension of disbelief, but isn't that sometimes what sci-fi entertainment is all about? I grew up loving Eerie Indiana and Goosebumps etc so anything that falls into that sort of category is always a win for me; this was pretty much a grown up R L Stein story.Main point: Angela Griffin was amazing - absolutely her best performance, shame she didn't have a bit more screen time. It took me ages to realise it was her.Please give it a watch and just enjoy a silly, gory story with some great performances.
4 There was a missed opportunity to make this an interactive movie. It would've been better if the audience got to choose the options, changing the outcome of the movie being watched. Wish more time was spent on character development.I do like the ending, it reminds me a bit of deathnote - using this curse against criminals. Outside of that, not a great movie. If looking for a quick watch, turn it on but don't expect anything stellar.
2 Just bad... Boring. And I'm one for giving slow moving films a chance, as I grew up in the 70's where films moved much slower than the films of today, but - a great film will hold your attention even still. THIS film is just silly, stupid, and has no real hook or story worth paying attention to.Avoid at all costs, if you actually value your time.
9 Watch the movie and ignore the bad reviews.. It's nicely told story with edge of seat suspense..
Wes cravenisc vibes..
Like old fashioned horror with twists you won't be disappointed..
15 December 2021 This Spiderman is really fantastic. It captivated me right from the start, and I was entranced every second. There's adventure, friendship, team spirit, love, empathy, and brotherhood. The people in the cinema clapped and cheered multiple times, at the appearance of key characters and at big hint of what the future holds for Spiderman. I loved every second of it!
10 Spider-Man: No Way Home is a phenomenal conclusion to the trilogy and Holland's best outing as Spidey yet. Starts off fun, safe and familiar and then becomes extremely emotional, satisfying and full of great callbacks. A love letter to all things Spider-Man.Tom Holland gives an incredible lead performance once again, reliably charming and likeable but with a lot more emotional heft this time around. Zendaya and Jacob Batalon both have perfect chemistry with Holland and are also incredible in their own ways.Benedict Cumberbatch reaffirms why he's such a good Doctor Strange with his excellent dry wit and gravitas. All the returning villains give strong performances but Willem Dafoe is definitely the standout performance with an unsettling and terrifying presence.Jon Watts' direction is superb, the action sequences are thrillingly acrobatic once again but refreshingly impactful this time around. There's a few homages to the styles of the previous iterations and some gorgeous imagery.It's also perfectly paced with none of its roughly 2hr 30 minute runtime feeling dull or overly long due to a strong momentum established early on. The CG is extremely impressive with only a few weak spots.The music by Michael Giacchino is fantastic, a nice balance of themes from the previous iterations and use of Holland's iconic motifs which are slightly altered in ways that work as well as a few new additions that are beautifully epic.
5 Awful movie. The plot sucked and had awful pacing humour, and dialogue were subpar(like the octopus joke). And they couldn't think of anything better so they brought back some old characters which still didn't save this poorly written film. One bad dialogue scene was when the 3 Spider-Men where making jokes about Tobey's organic webs which was just awkward and humorless. And to add to that, Tobey saying that "my back" joke and Norman Osborn repeating "I'm something of a scientist myself". Just why?! The film could never decide whether it's a comedy or a dark action movie.This movie certifies that Tom Holland is the worst Spider-Man. With great power comes great responsibility and MCU Spider-Man lacks that. He's had 6 movies and still acts like an inexperienced, immature, not independent, not smart and acts like a rookie. And the whole plot started because he couldn't think of an alternative to get him and his friends to college so he got Doctor Strange to go and make a spell so that everyone will forget that Peter is Spider-Man(also doing it without his friends consent). And of course with Peter being the doofus he is, he messes up the spell which causes the multiverse to collide. There's a reason why his messes are always cleaned up by someone better than him. One of Spider-Man's best traits is his quick thinking and it was so inevitable that after messing up the spell, he decides to go and talk to the headteacher of the college for a placement(same scene where Doctor Octopus appears). You'd think he would have learnt his lesson about trusting villains in Far From Home but no; he does it again which caused Aunt May's death. It could have been avoided if he had just sent them home, but no they needed to be "cured"(which is odd because The Lizard was cured in the Amazing Spider-Man). It just made him look sappy and too Disney like, thinking he can change their fate. It's also not smart to invite dangerous villains into your house with a non superhero family member there. How could he trust them that quickly? When you see it, you find it hard to feel bad for Peter because you're like "yeah this guy sucks" The emotional scenes in this movie were pretty awful, especially how long and stretched May's death was and they still tried to exchange jokes and had her standing up right before dying(also re wording Uncle Ben's infamous line which sounded wrong). Family member deaths are always before the character becomes a hero so doing it after feels cheap. It wasn't even basic superhero bad luck, just Spider-Man not thinking straight.Marvel really need new writers(especially in the comedic department), because they've released 4 bad movies this year and a TV show that messed up a timeline just like No Way Home did. And they've also ruined Spider-Man's character by not properly developing him and just throwing him into the Avengers drama. They are cash grabbers and only adding him because he is popular and it will get the movie ticket sales up. No Way Home is one of the few movies that make me wish the villains had won, and the reason is that the plot armour on Spider-Man was too strong. Like when geometry was somehow the answer to get out of the mirror dimension. Green Goblin was right about his morality getting the better of him.Overall this movie was just an overhyped, over budgeted nostalgia bait and Spider-Man is the real antagonist of this film. Always puts people in danger for no reason.
6 A tough one to rate. It certainly has entertainment value, but it's frustrating that it could have been so much better. On the one hand, the concept of bringing villains and other Spidermen in from alternate universes is fantastic, and it was great to see some of these characters again. There is so much star power in the cast here, and the special effects are wonderful.On the other hand, there is quite a bit of bloat as well. I'm all for character development and non-action scenes in action movies, but too often these moments were poorly written and bogged the film down. I have to say, I didn't care for how nave Tom Holland's version of Spider-Man was either, and I could never buy in to the concept that he would try to "fix" the villains before sending them back to their own universes. This seemed asinine to me, and how that would stop them from dying where they came from was a mystery too. There are several other plot elements that are either weakly crafted (Dr. Strange getting trapped by some quick Spidey-math) or boring (Peter Parker and his friends and their college admission drama, good grief). Give me more of the Green Goblin (Willem Dafoe), less of Ned Leeds, the goofy sidekick.
10 It's hard to discuss this movie and not get into the spoilers because the biggest moments of this movie necessitate ruining several of the big reveals. I loved that not everything was in the trailer and I successfully avoided reading too much about the film, which helped my enjoyment. This was the first movie I've seen in a theater since Halloween Kills, so the risk of COVID-19 and all its variants didn't keep me away* from the biggest movie of the year.This movie arrives as so many older directors gatekeep what constitutes a movie. So let me break down my opinion: movies can be anything you want them to be. There is equal room for a high end Oscar contender as there is for the junk low end world that I live in, the places where Godfrey Ho, Jess Franco and Bruno Mattei make their home.What else are comic book movies other than classical myths made with computers and no small amount of sound and fury? So yeah, this is the 27th Marvel Cinematic Universe movie and you know, you don't have to watch these movies. Hollywood -- the world -- is still making something for everyone. But for crowd-pleasing moments, the two biggest I've heard in years are when Captain America lifted Mjolnir and when one of the characters arrived in this film, a literally explosion of happiness and joy from an audience that has weathered so much in the last two years.And isn't that why movies exist? To make us feel something?No movie that I have seen in a theater in nearly a decade has elicited that emotional outburst and you know, it brought true joy to my heart. So I didn't feel silly expressing my emotions, whether they were happy when a certain legal professional made his presence known or the sadness of Dr. Strange's final words to Peter Parker.Spider-Man has always lived by the lesson that with great power comes great responsibility. He's a character informed -- in every incarnation -- by a great loss that he was at fault for and a lifetime of making up for that mistake.Yet Spider-Man: No Way Home presents us with something new. Great power with responsibility also means being better than your enemies and at times, working to make them better people and not just punching them into oblivion. The fact that antagonists can be worth saving spoke to me, someone usually given to mad revenge schemes and years of grudges. Even when doing the right thing ends up hurting you, you still can do the right thing.These are big concepts for a comic book spectacle. And this movie does what all great films should. It's stuck in my mind since I saw it and I wanted some time away from it before I wrote this. Spider-Man is the story of a bully grown up and moving past the way he was treated, often finding those bullies -- Flash Thompson, Eddie Brock -- become if not friends, certainly no longer enemies.This also gets into the Marvel idea of a multiverse, a connected web of other realities where small differences -- Disney+ set this up with What If...? And this idea will form the heart of Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness -- but the main part of this story remains refreshingly human in the midst of big ideas, strange science and concepts like how magic works.Look -- I don't have to sell you on these movies. They make so much money that they're critic proof. But I do want you to consider that even if you hate superhero movies, even if you think there are too many of them, to consider your favorite film series. What if you had more than three of the original Star Wars films and they all were progressively better? What if the last Jason, Freddy or Hellraiser movie was so much better than the original? What if James Bond got more human, more relevant and more real as the world around him became even stranger?That's what's happening here. And it's amazing.*I'm triple vaxxed, beyond fastidious about mask wearing and personal space, and rarely if ever leave my movie basement. This isn't a political statement. Viruses don't have politics and if you think they do, you can kindly never read another word that I write.
9 It was very enjoyable to watch in the cinema. The expected theories turned out to be true. Acting was great. The script was pretty good. I will watch it for the second time) It was the best Spiderman movie in my opinion. It's also one of the best Marvel movies. Be sure to watch it in the cinema!
6 I was already concerned about Spider-Man: No Way Home when I walked into the theater (one could say I was expecting to be disappointed.) I kind of hate the idea of delving too deep into a multiverse, because I think it muddles things too much, and defies the internal logic of most stories. Sure enough that was something I felt while watching this film. This movie cannot hold up to even the tiniest bit of analysis, because it creates plot holes that you can drive a freight train through. It's kind of sad because there were some moments in the movie that I genuinely loved, but all I can think about days later are the myriad of questions that I'm left with because this movie created so many situations that make no sense.My other big problem with Spider-Man: No Way Home is not really a fault of the movie, but more of the society we live in today. Living in an internet-focused culture, we are bombarded by ads and news stories that relate to the things that interest us. SInce I've shown my love for all things MCU in the past, of course I see plenty of things crossing my radar about the upcoming films. I was able to avoid watching any trailers for this movie, which I thought would help, but by merely catching headlines of casting rumors I could foresee every surprise they built into it. Of course any logical mind could put two and two together once the guest appearances start, so I suppose this isn't a movie that is going to blow away audiences with its surprises.As I said, though, my disappointment is quite frustrating because I also found many aspects of No Way Home so satisfying. They wrapped up some story elements nicely, and this might have contained some of the best acting in any Marvel movie. In particular, I found Zendaya so surprisingly strong, I was almost able to ignore her lack of character motivation in some key moments. She wasn't the only person in the film that behaved stupidly, in fact the central premise of the film is built on a horrible idea from Aunt May that seems altruistic, but lacks any 4th-dimensional thinking which I would expect from a genius like Peter Parker. But smart people being dumb is the catalyst of the entire story, as even Dr. Strange doesn't seem to think anything through, past Peter's initial request.No Way Home is easily the most meta Spider-Man movie ever made, which is kind of shocking to say in a post "Into the Spider-verse" world. It's catering to the most die-hard fans in the world, but it's more of a nod to the fans of the Spider-Man movies. I was always a huge fan of the multitude of Spider-Man comic books when I was a collector, but I've typically struggled with his portrayal in films. So, giving all these nods to things that came before Tom Holland took over the role on the big screen, falls a bit flat for me. One of the things I loved about this iteration of the character is that it avoided the cliches and saved us so much of the traditional Spider-Man origin story, but this movie back-pedaled and became a copy of a copy of a copy.This return to cliche also sucked some of the emotion out of key moments as any fan of the character should know the same old tropes by now. I almost got emotional at the end because of the great acting performances, but the big emotional moment earlier in the film did nothing for me as all I could think was "really, we're going there?" There are some good laughs in the film, although I wonder how well it will hold up on rewatch. And I will rewatch this film, as I do with all MCU movies, but I think at this point Spider-Man: No Way Home sits as my least favorite in the franchise. In fact, I'm at a point right now where I'm questioning if I will keep being a diehard fan of everything the MCU churns out. This film wasn't what I'd call a complete failure, but I'm concerned the MCU is getting closer to one of those. Perhaps EndGame should have been exactly what the title implies.
6 Right, well I am by no means a fan of superhero movies, but I will watch them when given the chance. Why? Solely for entertainment purposes, because Marvel Studios does make rather impressive movies, now don't they? Indeed. And that is also why I opted to sit down and watch the 2021 movie "Spider-Man: No Way Home" here in 2022.Actually, my family went to watch "Spider-Man: No Way Home" back in 2021 when it was out in the cinema, but I didn't go, as I don't think superhero movies are worth the ticket admission for a cinema. So instead, I opted to watch it when it became readily accessible at the comforts of my home.Writers Chris McKenna and Erik Sommers actually put together a wholesome enough storyline here for this movie, and sure it was watchable and enjoyable. Outstanding or memorable? No, not so much. But then again, I am not overly keen on the whole superhero genre. But "Spider-Man: No Way Home" did provide me with entertainment for the 148 minutes that the movie ran for.And it was actually fun enough to watch the various Spider-Men come together on the screen and fight the villains from previous movies all over again. Nostalgia? Perhaps. But at the same time, sort of lazy writing when you think about it.Visually then "Spider-Man: No Way Home" was phenomenal. But then again, that is what Marvel Studios excel at, isn't it?"Spider-Man: No Way Home" certainly has a impressive cast list, with a lot of big names. I mean, you have Tom Holland, Andrew Garfield and Tobey Maguire as the Spider-Man, and then you have Jamie Foxx, Willem Dafoe, Alfred Molina, Rhys Ifans and Thomas Haden Church return to reprise their former villainous roles. And the movie also have the likes of talents such as J. K. Simmons, Marisa Tomei, Jon Favreau and such on the cast list as well.It was nice, though, to see that the writers were taking the many previous movies in the franchise with a grain of salt some times throughout the course of the movie, with the puns and snazzy dialogue hinting at and referencing previous movies."Spider-Man: No Way Home" definitely is a pleasing movie for the fans of superhero movies and of "Spider-Man" in general.My rating of "Spider-Man: No Way Home" lands on a six out of ten stars.
10 This is a movie made purely to satisfy the fans and there should be no doubt about that. No Way Home, in my opinion, is even better than Homecoming and Far From Home, and pretty much one of the best MCU movies of all time. It's a simple story, but the execution is fantastic. Even the smallest of surprises have a huge impact, and I could feel that in the theatre as I joined several other Spider-Man fans cheer out for both heroes and villains. The action sequences were brilliant; seeing them in 3D is totally worth the price of admission. Every actor delivered a believable, realistic performance, and especially our lead actor Tom Holland. The visual effects too were top notch and the editing was stupendous. Two and a half hours flew by real quick while watching this popcorn action entertainer. It won't be fair to reveal anything, so here I conclude my review, and recommend you to check out this new world of Spidey-ness on the big screen and in 3D. And once you've seen it, please don't spoil it for others, just like you won't want it spoiled for yourself.
9 Superhero extravaganza! Spider-Man NWH didn't meet my expectations, it exceeded them. The most emotionally resonant MCU film so far. This movie is worth every excruciating moment we had to wait. The visuals, the score, the emotions, the story, and ofc the fan-service. This film understands spider-man fans like no other spider-man film before it. Truly a celebration of the most beloved character in the best way possible!
10 Peter is back! Everyone knows who he is and that's the problem! This is a fantastic spiderman movie, no.. this is the ultimate Spiderman movie. This was such an experience i honestly felt like a kid again. I can't believe they returned! I was so happy to see my childhood come to life.This was a incrediblely told story about The 3 peters and how deep responsibility truly is, I'm shocked with excitement in we had the great men themselves return to their respective roles which included Willem Dafoe, Alfred Molina, Jamie Foxx, Thomas Haden church and many more. I've always been a massive fan of Tobey & Andrew so seeing them come back was the ultimate time of my life. I loved every second of it, i wanted to review this with no spoilers but that is literally impossible ao i now have +1 Spoiler review.There were so many nods and callbacks to the past which i thoight went very well & Garfield finally avenged not saving gwen!Highly Recommend! A Must See!!! 11/10.
1 I'm unsure of why this has received a high IMDb rating. It's rubbish and slow and nonsensical. Instead this film rakes in all past cast members for some obscure reminiscent feelgood film. Trash at its Hollywood best. You've been warned.
7 My expectations for this film were off the chart due to what I had heard and read about how great it is. What it does deliver is plenty of spectacle. But a great film needs more than that. The story also moves along with some pace. But emotional impact should never be sacrificed for expediency. In short, this is an enjoyable film, but there have been better Marvel films.There is one scene that stands above the rest. And it is guaranteed to bring a smile to the lips of any Marvel fan. It has so much subtext and it is so unexpected.It ends with a tee-up for the next chapter, of course. I just hope that one focuses more on the characters and less on the effects. It certainly has that possibility, given where this episode ends.
4 Review By Kamal KI don't think this film was written well. It had already established Spider-man characters with no involvement with Stark, but still failed at making Tom's Peter any better than he was when under Tony Stark's mentorship. This movie was not good. No amount of nostalgia saved it for me. It had pacing issues, for example the movie skimmed past Peter's whole identity exposed moment and chucked Daredevil in for a meaningless cameo as nobody seemed to truly care that as a blind man, he was able to catch a brick chucked through the window. He was literally just there for fanservice, and not a well written one. The rest of the movie is pointless as by the end, they just reverse everything by sending the spider-men and villains back to their world, after of course, seemingly retconning the plots of the previous spider-man movies by curing the villains, who were taken before they met their demise. Therefore their fights with spider-man end on a lame note as they all just become ordinary men towards the end of the original battles and so the Peter Parkers wouldn't experience the key character development and progression of their stories from this.And in usual MCU fashion, the film is riddled with jokes that sometimes hit, but mostly fall flat. Awful humour, which is constantly blurted out after (or during) serious moments because the writers simply couldn't leave us without jokes for two whole minutes. Constant tonal shifts because of the "jokes", And the Peters just felt like they needed to be there for Tom's Peter? Bad writing at its finest.Yes, this whole movie could've been avoided if Peter just listened to Doctor Strange, a man who actually knows magic and the consequences of messing spells up, but nope, he has to be stupid when he is supposed to be smart. Strange was literally the best character in the entire film, just for being the only one with a working braincell.Overall, I found this movie quite bad. Nothing about it made me want to rewatch it and I have been feeling this with MCU movies recently like Black Widow and Shang chi, I will continue to watch Spider-man movies just because of my love for the character, but I will most likely continue to think the MCU's portrayal of the character is the worst even though Tom Holland's acting is great.
10 First of all, i was so grateful to be experience this movie in theaters, with a great audience that as excited as me, they were clapping and the movie deserve it, Spider-Man No Way Home is everybody's dream, it's an exciting movie, with an epic story, and phenomenal performance, it just amazing, it's incredible, it's fantastic, it's mind blowing, it's an experience that i will never forget, once cross in my mind that this one is probably even better than Avengers Endgame, but as the time goes, it's still not reach that level but that really doesn't mean anything, both movie are epic, Spider-Man No Way Home is one of the greatest movie i've ever watch, one of the greatest superhero movie i've ever watch, and it simply The Best Movie Of The Year.
10 A -{ B I G }- Screen MINI Review; Film Seen all of FOUR times ( soon to be FIVE  ) ; Dec.15, '2021 ONWARDS______________________________________________________Tom Holland's Peter: { to MJ }: "What's that thing you always say? ...expect disappointment..."MJ: "No, no, no... NO ...we're gonna Kick Some A** !"Tom Holland's Peter: "O.k !"Toby Maguire's Peter: -{ "Cure. Cure Some A**" }- .Ned Leeds: CURE THAT A** !!!______________________________________________________Somewhere, "In An Alternate Universe", Spider-Man: No Way Home { to be hitherto referred to as NWH }, is already -Well- on the way to winning the "Best Motion Picture Of The Year" Award. { Here on Earth , incidentally, the Oscar Awards are, ( as things stand as of -Now- ), slated to be held on March 27, 2022 }. And -Speaking- of which, in our -{ OWN }- breathtakingly ravishing universe unfortunately, that particular proposition is likely to be a -FAR CRY- at best ; given the Academy's characteristic, and seemingly perpetual "Stiff Upper Lip" type of attitude towards the 'Superhero-Supervillain' genre, in general. However ; with 'Black Panther' ( 2018 ) and 'Joker' ( 2019 ) having -BOTH- been nominated for "That... -{ Most }- Coveted Cinematic Prize ...Of All ", the Best Picture Oscar ; I believe that things are, thankfully , albeit -{ Slowly }-, changing for the better.Yeah, so I'm er, "Officially" dubbing this "An Easter ( - E g g - ) Movie Released At Christmas", because it -well and truly- does reveal itself as "The Movie Of A 1,000 Beautiful Surprises" . . . . and so much, much, much, more. { And as I recently changed my review classification from 'spoiler-free' to 'spoiler', my Featured-Quote does, of course, contain a glaring "Little" reference to ( one ) of the two MOST-THRILLING surprises of the picture ( by far ) }. In a nutshell, at this point, I suppose that it would be, well... -{ Suffice for me to say }- ...that NWH "far, far, far, far", surpassed my Hopes for said Theatrical 'Gargantuar' . . . . and "then some". It has -{ already }- SMASHED "all manner of records" the world over, & is currently the 6th Biggest Box-Office Earner ( E v e r ) ; -quite possibly- soon to be Number 5 (  ) ; after barrelling thru to overtake yet -Another- 'Veritable Marvel Collosus', 'Avengers: Infinity War' ( 2018 ).Right, and -these- were my three biggest takeaways: 1. The "Raw, -{ Unbridled }- Talent" of NWH's three ( principal ) youngsters, Tom, Zendaya & Jacob . . . & boy, can the young thespian Mr. Thomas Stanley Holland, ( still barely all of '25 and two-thirds' ), Really, Really ACT 2. How brilliantly -{ ALL }- the 'Multitudinous Trappings Of Contemporary Fame', ( whether that fame be positive -Or- adverse ), were depicted at the onset of NWH. 3. The totally "Astonishing" standard of -{ All }- of The Special Effects ( both computer generated -as well- as "Live" ), & indeed . . . Just the { " A l l - A r o u n d " } level of cinematic accomplishment by Jon Watts, Daren Gilford, & Mauro Fiore, ( Director, Production Designer, Cinematographer ), & the -{ Entirety }- of the picture's CREW & CAST, frankly ....in achieving this thru the -{ Heights }- of a global pandemic.... K u d o s Summation: Just before I go, I feel like I -{ Must }- say this. "If, ( -like yours truly- ), you've been a Loyal, Loving Adorer of the web-slinger for ( pretty much ) your -Entire- life . . . Bring TWICE the amount of tissues ; 1 half for the ( -Several- ) Ribtickling 'Funnies' in NWH, & the other half for the richly soulful & -{ FABULOUSLY HUMAN }- emotional scenes that you are unquestionably going to encounter. Also, -Do- try & stay till the -Very- end of the movie, for not just 1, but in fact, -2- great teaser scenes . . . As you'll be -certain- to glean a few -exciting- insights into the near future of the MCU ( Marvel Cinematic Universe ). And here, without further ado, is my final appraisal of Spider-Man: No Way Home, Marvel's truly "fresh", and -{ Uplifting }- New Multiplex-Marvel. " 25 Spider Bitten, -{ Viscerally }- Wowed, And Indeed, " UTTERLY SMITTEN " Marks Out Of 10 . . .  "
10 Finally, the biggest film Spider-Man: No Way Home has hit cinemas and I had to go see it as early as possible. Now I have watched it, here is my review for the film. The premise of the film sees Spider-Man's secret identity revealed, he tries to get Doctor Strange's help to fix things but this leads to some unwanted visitors from other universes to cause problems for both of them.Main Character
Tom Holland has played Spider-Man for a while now and for me this is his best performance in the role. You really see how he has grown and this film shows real depth to the character and how he has kind of grown up into this crazy world. He doesn't have much rest in the film and it really pushes Holland to impress in the majority of his scenes and I thought he was great in really making Spider-Man a top hero in The MCU.Supporting Characters
Zendaya plays MJ and I was just really happy to see the dynamic between her and Peter in this film. Despite everything that goes on they are a pretty strong couple and it is just nice for a comic book film to have a relationship that feels natural without overpowering the main plot. Benedict Cumberbatch reprises his role as Doctor Strange and he is really good, I really like how despite being a hero he has a more mature and different viewpoint to Spider-Man. He adds some really interesting parts to the film and plays a unique role in the progress of the story and Spider-Man as a character. Jacob Batalon is back as Ned and he is much better then the role he played in Far From Home. He is just a fun character that supports Peter, he is way more involved with Spider-Man and that improves his character so much. Marisa Tomei is back as Aunt May and again she is more involved this time out and is just a really great person for Holland to bounce off and the dynamic just really works and makes their relationship feel very real. Willem Dafoe, Alfred Molina and Jamie Foxx reprise their roles as Green Goblin, Doctor Octopus and Electro. Dafoe and Molina are great and really flourish in their roles, but the surprise is Foxx as Max Dillon/Electro. He is so much better then he was in Amazing Spider-Man 2 and I am glad he got given this 2nd chance here.Story
The story is really great, I was worried with all of the multiverse elements that the focus could have been taken off of a character arc for Spider-Man but it nails this element. Peter has a real arc and it develops incredibly well and for me was a real highlight. It is obviously great seeing the returning villains and they are treated with respect and their characters are further explored. The ending feels deserved and because you are so invested it feels really earnt.Script
MCU films often get criticised for their scripts including too much humour in them, but I actually think the balance is really handled well here. Yes there are funny moments here but for me they didn't outweigh the serious and darker parts of the film.Style
The film looks great, the actions scenes are all really fun and seeing The MCU Spider-Man going against villains from the other franchises works very well and allows for some fun sequences. The pacing for the film is also really good, despite being 2 hours 30 mins it never felt too long and I honestly believe that there isn't really any filler here which is an impressive feat.Overall
Overall, Spider-Man: No Way Home is an epic film that really lives up to the hype. I am possibly still buzzing because I have just watched the film but I can't find too much fault and this is a Spider-Man fans dream film and anybody will find this film plenty of fun.Rating - 10/10.
9 This film really is something special.I enjoyed every single second and would happily have lapped up hours more of it.Everything about it is executed so well. I mean SO well.Not a single Marvel fan alive will be disappointed by this.10/10.
10 What cinemas were made for. I wasn't expecting something quite as amazing as this, this was two and a half hours of incredible entertainment, drama, laughs, tears and action galore, there truly was something for everyone here.This movie really has ignited my love for the franchise once again, and I am truly excited for what comes next.Nostalgia, there seems to be a real thirst for it these days, and there is a lot of it to enjoy here. There are plenty of moments throughout that will have you speechless, they really do break all of the rules here.This is one incredibly good looking movie, dazzling special effects, dizzying action scenes, two and a half hours will literally fly by.Incredible, 10/10.
8 Don't watch the trailers. Just watch the movie. I'm not going to say much. It's amazing. And I'm in complete disbelief that it actually happened. Well-made, well-acted, well-directed. Fun, funny and crazy with a ton of heart. Can't wait to watch it again. (4 viewings, opening night 12/16/2021, 12/29/2021, 1/20/2022, 2/2/2022)
6 This is the best film Marvel has released this year. Shang-Chi was only ok, the Venom sequel was atrocious, Black Widow was so-so, Eternals was bland for the most part. What makes this one work is the cast, but the story really, when examined is weak. The last movie put the writers in a corner while revealing (a silly idea really) Peter's identity to the world. He goes to Doctor Strange without thinking about what he really wants, and ends up, in typical spider-man fashion, in screwing everything up. So, also in usual Spider-Man style, by trying to fix things up, he totally messes up further. In the end this costs him a lot. While this movie starts out well, the middle is dull and why should Peter care about beings from alternate realities? And by 'fixing' them, did he erase the events of those films, making the spider-men of those realities unnecessary? Peter loses everything due to his listening to Aunt May, who's advice is illogical and gets her killed. Well, I can say this was the best of Holland's trilogy, but it still isn't Spider-Man 2. A few sides: Molina, Garfield and Maguire's returns were the best part of this movie. Those three steal every single scene they're in. Dafoe was good as Norman, but I could have done without Electro and Sandman who added little to the story. While others are falling over themselves gushing over this, I think I may be suffering from Superhero fatigue.
5 I really do NOT understand the high score for this movie.The storyline is idiotic and childish with monsters and spider-men coming from different dimensions all because some spell from dr. Strange went bad.My God, what a piece of crap this movie...
The special effects are as expected great but the rest is really a bunch of nonsense!I love Spider-man, Batman, the Hulk etc but this movie is really terrible and I wasted 148minutes precious time.Take my word for it: the best thing to do is to skip this movie and wait for something better to watch, which is not hard as there are not many movies as dumb as this one!
10 There is so much to unpack here. And I understand that some people may not be into the first 30 minutes or so of the movie, but it is apparent how much almost everyone loves this movie. And as you can tell I am one of them. Now you could dismiss my opinion, since I have clearly bought and swallowed the MCU pill (I openly admit liking and being a fan boy of what has been created there - you can hate me or simply agree with me, all opinions are welcome) ... but I dare anyone who has seen all Spider Man movies, not to feel at least something rather positive about this.It does take many good things from previous efforts (no pun intended) and gets the best out of them. It does a great service to the (movie) history of Spider-Man. But also showing us a different side of a Marvel hero ... a side that is vulnerable in a way we have not seen yet. Or not in that form - the identity crisis and the good deeds that do not go unpunished ... or do they? Tom Holland has been exposed - something you know if you've seen the previous Spider-Man movie ... and while his mentor Iron Man dealt differently with that fame - recognition, Peter Parker as we know him, can not deal with it the same way.Add to that, that he wants to help people as much as he can (a bit of a difference to what Tony Stark stood for most of the time, being self centered and and self serving) - and you have a dangerous combination. There is a reason the Tom Holland Spider-Man movies are being compared with 80s teen comedies - there are many parallels (John Hughes and others are being name dropped in those conversations). And while there is a lot of action (the mirror world scene has so many "climactic" scenes I probably did not close my mouth the entire time it was happening), the movie also takes its time to give us little character moments.And a lot of fan service - this movie celebrates what came before. It celebrates and takes its audience seriously. But in a fun and entertaining way. Yes it is not all fun and games and there are a lot of callbacks (no pun intended) - there is drama, there may be even some head shaking at how naive Peter Parker seems ... but it makes sense in the realm of the world that was built around him and the character that he is - there is an evolution, but he can't help himself - being who he is and who he grew up to be. For better or worse ... yes the famous line will be uttered and it will have a sad undertone to it. But the movie is able to give you so much, that even when you know something completely horrible is about to happen, you also know that some lighter moments will follow.That being said, it takes nothing away from the performance by Tom Holland, who has to play vulnerable, playful, ecstatic, experimental, shy and giving/helpful ... while a lot has been made of who is going to be in the movie (or not) - it is his movie. Yes there are many things that you can tear apart and make fun of - there are logic issues if you want to call them that ... but in a world where "magic" exists ... are you really going to nitpick? Maybe you will, which would be a shame - because you'll be missing out on one hell of a movie and a ride that is truly amazing - no pun intended.It is also amazing that Sony and Disney reached a deal - so that Marvel can continue to use Spiderman in their universe. But not just him ... it seems there is way more to come. And while having many throwbacks (and callbacks) and bringing them all to a conclusion of sorts ... well while all that could mean that this could be a nice way to end Tom Hollands reign as Spider-Man ... it could just as easily continue. The possibilities are endless going forward.As you can tell I am not one to spoil or say anything that is revealing. That is why I did not talk about the cast and the cameos - most of them were revealed ahead of time. Either officially (villains) or just through rumors (no matter how much denying went on - we knew ... we just knew) ... but there was a cameo that most did not see coming - pun very much intended.If you watched this in a cinema (which I can only highly recommend to do), you will probably still have goosebumps. You either cheered yourself loudly at quite a few moments (or gasped at others) ... or just enjoyed silently ... what a movie experience that was. One that I might repeat in cinemas - a treat I do not give myself too often, because I tend to let a bit of time pass before I rewatch something after the first time viewing ... but there are exceptions and this might very well be one of them ... Spider-Man you Sir ... are one of the good ones! Pun again intended - because you too are amazing ...
2 It most likely Sony has to continue to soft re-boot this exhausting tedious story in order for them to maintain rights. In this case, it throws the entire kitchen sink including nods to the multiverse.In this one Peter Parker rues the day people discover he is Spiderman. And in order to allow his friends to live a normal life he goes to Dr. Strange to conjure up a spell so he would be forgotten. Seriously. The entire movie is predicated on a stupid wish. Well obviously that goes wrong and a dimension portal opens to different worlds where villains dont recognize the present casted Peter Parker. Seems clever on paper but it is a slog. The only gimmick is that we see Peter Parkers from previous flicks. What you get are momentum killing conversations between the Spideys. Which, for fans, suppose it's great to shoehorn legacy. For people who are too young to know anyone of the previous ones. Im sure theyll be confused.This entire movie moves at a snails pace and suffers from bloat. You can slash a half hour and still be fine. This culminates in the death of Aunt May. Because, if you follow the storylines Spidermans have to have a loved one die at their own stupid decisions. When will that end?I suspected this would be the typical messy CGI garbage. And it didnt disappoint. It is greenscreen heaven.There is a better story here. This one felt unnecessary.
9 If you thought the Marvel Universe had reached it's climax with Avengers Endgame, then think again, this was superb, and far more entertaining than any other Spiderman movie. Very cleverly done, mixing laughs and tears. If this is the way phase 4 is going to go then bring it on. This is the reason you go to the cinema, wonderful entertainment.
8 The first Sonic movie was surprisingly competent. This one is even better, incorporating additional elements from the games and sticking to more of an action-adventure plot. It's a kid's movie through and through (way more toilet humor this go-around), but a fun one that never takes itself too seriously. Everyone in my theater was having a great time with it.As with the original, Jim Carrey steals the show as Eggman. This man is 60 years old and yet he has more verve than I do! He's so energetic he sometimes resembles a cartoon more than Sonic, Knuckles, or Tails! While I respect his desire to retire, I do hope he holds on and does the third movie-- there would be such a void without him there.
8 Following Dr Robotnik's exile, Sonic has settled down in rural Montana with adoptive parents Sheriff Tom and wife Maddie. What follows includes Robotnik's escape, the arrival of additional alien oddities Miles "Tails" Prower, the twin-tailed fox and Knuckles, the aggressive echidna, a marriage in Hawaii, a dance-off in Siberia, mushroom machinery, a Master Emerald, some annoying military intervention, and a giant robot.That sounds like a lot, but it's pretty straightforward stuff in a plot which aims directly at a 3-part audience - kids, tolerant parents, and mature gamers with fond memories of the original games. And I think it succeeds. It's brash, colourful, fast, eventful, funny, likeable, and has some pretty good visuals.It's not Shakespeare, it's dumb, but it's great fun.
7 Many sequels go bigger but end up being worse than the original. They lose the essence of what made the original good. That's definitely not the case here. It's much bigger but feels just like the first movie. It's on par with the original in every way, just bigger.I said this in my review of the first movie, every moment Jim Carrey is on the screen is pure gold. I wanted him to be in every scene. His facial expressions are hilarious. Whoever cast him as Robotnik is a genius. It's so perfect. I can't imagine it being anyone else.My only downsides are a few parts that don't really make sense. I chalked it up to being a kids movie but that's not really an excuse. And was I the only one who thought Idris Elba was doing something weird with Knuckles' accent? It sounded like it was switching between an English accent and a heavy New York accent, and sometimes a combination of both. I couldn't stop hearing it.I had a great time with this movie. Two out of two in the videogame genre??? That's unheard of. Keep up the good work. Maybe this is the tide turning on video game movies like it did with superhero movies in the early 2000's. I can only hope. (1 viewing, opening night 4/8/2022)
8 Sonic the Hedgehog 2 is the sequel to 2020's Sonic the Hedgehog, a film that had a rocky development, but would listen to fans and fix its incarnation to Sonic, resulting in it being well received, and breaking the Detective Pikachu movie's record as the highest-grossing video game-based movie, and the highest-grossing superhero movie of 2020.Here, while Tom and Maddie are going to Hawaii to attend Rachel's wedding to a man named Randall, leaving Sonic (voiced by Ben Schwartz) in charge of the house. However, Dr. Robotnik (played once again by Jim Carey) has managed to escape the Mushroom Planet with the aid of Knuckles (voiced by Idris Elba), whom he repays by taking him to Sonic so he can destroy him. However, just as Sonic is about to be creamed, a police car rams Knuckles, revealing Tails (voiced by Colleen O'Shaughnessy, the only VA to reprise his or her role from the video games). After finding out Longclaw left a message telling Earth is the hiding place of the Master Emerald, the one thing Knuckles seeks to restore honor to his extinct tribe (as he is the last one left).Now this is another good example of how sequels should be done. Sonic 2 is an epic film, as Sonic teams up with Tails and faces Dr. Robotnik and Knuckles. The cast from the first film returns with some new faces appearing, and the new story is awesome. Jim Carey still hams it up as the evil doctor and even Rachel gets a scene where she can be a heroine. But the best thing about this film is that it brings Knuckles back to being a serious rival to Sonic, compared to the Sega games demoting him to the role of being an idiot since the Sonic Boom cartoon. It makes me wish Sega would make notes if they saw the films, because IMHO, Paramount is basically doing Sonic better than Sega did post-Sonic Adventure 2 (it even goes as far as to give Knuckles a father, something the games would never do).However, if there are some complaints I have, it's that this movie has some scenes that are basically imitating scenes from the first film (the Siberian lounge scene reminds me of the Piston Pit scene from the first movie, only instead of a bar fight, we get a dance off), but this is a good sequel regardless. Don't pay heed to the critics bashing it and watch it if you can and see if it clicks with you.
9 Incredibly entertaining and surprisingly sweet- Sonic the Hedgehog 2 improves upon its predecessor by expanding on its worlds and dynamic- executing itself better and better each step of the way. First off, I absolutely love the look of this film. Famously the Sonic CGI was replaced in the last film after an incredibly negative and honestly valid response for the characters original design- and consequently its secondary design could feel a bit rushed at times considering they changed the films main character for a film within 3 months. Not to say it was bad, but it was definitely noticeable how fast they had accomplished this fact before. With this film however, the CGI is absolutely fantastic. Of course I love a more well done and thought out Sonic design, but man do I absolutely love the look of Knuckles in this film and even the look of Sonic's signature sidekick Tails. The expansion of the world in the Sonic universe is also breathtaking, truly making my younger self's dreams come true by finally seeing this universe on the big screen. The film is also incredibly funny and even absurd at times, never taking itself too seriously, and remembering this is a film about a Blue intergalactic hedgehog- focused on fun and heart. Speaking of heart, the film was oddly moving and quite cute in its family sort of setting background with Marsden's returning character and I really enjoyed the dynamic they expanded upon with the human characters as well. Heck, even Jim Carrey's iconic villain seemed a lot better this time around, allowing Eggman to lose his mind, and therefore allowing Carrey to do what he does best. It has a few subpar moments, and a few ones that stick out, but in the end- I enjoyed the heck out of Sonic the Hedgehog 2 and I honestly can't wait to watch it again.My Rating: 9.1/10.
10 I never knew there was mist in the 4DK experience that was added excitement to a wildly entertaining movie! Sonic 2 is better, bigger budgeted and way more action than part 1. This is an ultimate adventure story of friendship, goofiness, and the bad guys take it up a notch. I loved this sequel quite a bit, I like how the audience clapped at the end bit.
8 Sonic the Hedgehog 2 is basically everything the first Sonic movie should have been. While the first film wasn't bad per se and perfectly watchable, it was very basic and clearly limited in scope and budget. Still alright overall.Thankfully, with a sequel greenlit it feels like this time the writers and director could do much more. The CGI game characters get more of the spotlight than the Human characters, the jokes land better and there's just much more going on here that fans will recognise from the games. With Tails and Knuckles added into the roster, it adds more character dynamic and banter that fleshes them out more in the story.Robotnik also gets to shine more too thanks to Jim Carrey's performance and having more gadgets and locations to juggle with. The weakest parts of the movie are when Sonic, Tails, Knuckles, and Robotnik aren't on screen, but the scenes are still perfectly watchable and better than almost everything in the first film. There's more locations too and gimmicks to play around with in the movie as well.Without spoilers, fans will be most happy with Sonic 2 and even people who aren't a fan of Sonic will still get a kick out of it. Although this ain't saying much, I can confidently say this is the best Video Game Movie I've seen easily. It really felt like they put their soul and effort into it and kids will have a blast with this. Don't forget to stay to the end for a surprise. There will definitely be a third film coming.7.5/10.
9 A delightful follow up to Sonic the Hedgehog(2020), for anybody that are fans of Sonic, where Tails and Knuckles make an appearance, what fans have been waiting for. And it is fun film for the whole family, and has great effects and good characters, and I also like that everybody much shines here not just Sonic.Now I'll bet Jim Carrey improvised all of his lines, it's like the filmmakers just let Jim Carrey do his thing, cause I'll bet they thought it was funnier than the script. You see he's really milking it for all it's worth.
7 Sonic the Hedgehog 2 (2022) is a great sequel and might be better than the first movie.Ben Schwartz, Colleen O'Shaughnessey, and Idris Elba were all great as Sonic, Tails, and Knuckles. Sonic and Tails were great together and had a cute friendship.Knuckles was funny in how he didn't understand most things but he is tough and wants to complete his quest for the Master Emerald.Jim Carrey was still great as Dr. Robotnik/Eggman, he is still funny and gives a over the top performance that shows he is having fun with it.The action scenes are fun and awesome seeing with Sonic, Tails, and Knuckles interacting off each other. Especially the Sonic vs Knuckles fight, it is worth seeing on the big screen.The 3rd act is amazing and fun while also having Easter eggs from the games that Sonic fans will recognize and find funny. Also the different locations they go to are nicely shot.The after credits scene is amazing and will get you excited for the future of the Sonic movie series. Sonic fans will love it.The movie is fun, funny, and has epic moments that are worth seeing in the theater. The characters are likable and the human characters like James Marsden were also great and funny.
7 "Sonic The Hedgehog 2" is the sequel to the 2020 video game film adaptation of SEGA's "Sonic The Hedgehog". Starring James Marsden, Tika Sumpter, Jim Carrey, as well as the voice talents of Ben Schwartz, Colleen O'Shaughnessey, and Idris Elba, it is a decent continuation that's sure to entertain both fans of the games and the previous film.Sometime after the events of first film, Sonic (voiced by Ben Schwartz) has taken it upon himself to become a hero that others can rely on in Green Hills, Montana. After causing a great deal of collateral damage foiling a bank robbery, Sonic is forced to housesit for Tom (James Marsden) and Maddie (Tika Sumpter) while the two are attending a wedding in Hawaii. Meanwhile, Dr. Ivo "Eggman" Robotnik (Jim Carrey) has returned from the Mushroom Planet thanks to the help of Knuckles the Echidna (voiced by Idris Elba) to seek out the powerful Master Emerald, which will help them conquer the world. After learning of this, Sonic teams up with his new fox friend Miles "Tails" Prower (voiced by Colleen O'Shaughnessey) to stop both Dr. Eggman and Knuckles before they can wreak havoc with the Emerald.What I believe made the first "Sonic The Hedgehog" movie such a success was how it managed to appeal to hardcore Sonic fans while also functioning as an amusing family film in its own right. Something like this is easier said than done because various other movies based on video games have tried too hard to be as close to the original games as possible, alienating uninitiated viewers in the process. Because of how it was able to rise above this common mistake, I rank the first Sonic movie among the best video game related films of all time (although considering the lack of competition, the bar isn't exactly very high). Most of what made its predecessor work so well has been replicated here in the sequel, as it provides about the same amount of entertainment value one might expect from a follow-up.Deviating from the original, this film has a slightly darker tone since the Emerald is shown to be something that could easily destroy all of life as we know it. Because of this, we see Sonic actually treating this as a serious threat, limiting the amount of jokes and wisecracks he makes when attempting to hunt it down. This could be compared to the power of Infinity Stones in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, where their use has the potential to cause catastrophic damage if it were to fall into the wrong hands. I'm not entirely sure if this is accurate to the games since I'm only a casual fan of the series but it all seems like a typical plot device one would see when playing something related to Sonic the Hedgehog.However, things aren't all doom and gloom since that signature fun factor is still there to prevent things from becoming too bleak. Sonic, who is now joined by his good friend Tails, can be seen dancing off against foes to some catchy songs on his iPhone and snowboarding down mountainous slopes in Siberia. Scenes like these are as fast-paced and likeable as the blue hedgehog himself, elevating the film above the usual onslaught of family movie fodder designed solely towards very small children. To my surprise, Sonic now only seems to use his superspeed sparingly rather than just for the sake of it. Perhaps this was done in an effort to develop Sonic more as a character using his head instead of mindlessly speeding around, or maybe they simply didn't want to show Sonic being way too overpowered. Either way, it is an interesting creative decision.Visually, the film looks considerably better than its predecessor. Years ago, many people on the internet infamously cyber-bullied the makers of the first film into changing Sonic's look, winning out in the end with his current design. Normally I'm against this type of vitriolic attack on filmmakers but after seeing the fixed product, I'd say it was all for the best. I'm not sure how they were able to pull it off, but Sonic, Tails, and Knuckles all look well integrated into our world. Scenes where human characters were interacting with Sonic, both physically and verbally, all looked quite convincing, as though there really were an anthropomorphic blue hedgehog sitting next to them or dancing alongside them in a bar.I also like how each of the three characters' distinct colours did a clever job of representing their personality traits. Sonic's blue stands out as he confidently speeds past everybody, Tails's orange highlights his supportive nature, and Knuckles' red perfectly mirrors his angry determination. Whether or not this was done intentionally I'm not entirely sure but if it was, then it was a nice addition the film. With that in mind, it also makes it easier to distinguish each of them from a distance, especially during certain action scenes where many things were happening at once.Like last time, Ben Schwartz does a great job playing up Sonic's cocky attitude to full effect. Although he still has that streak of impulsivity, Sonic this time feels as though he is trying to make an effort to use his intellect rather than just his speed to hunt down the Master Emerald. It was also nice to hear Colleen O'Shaughnessey reprise her role as Tails from the video games, as I can't really think of any other mainstream actors capable of voicing the loveable two-tailed fox. If you enjoyed O'Shaughnessey's voice of Tails in the games, then you are sure to like how she is able to hold her own alongside the rest of the cast. Idris Elba is appropriately irritable and brutally strong as the voice of Knuckles. Elba seems to be voicing Knuckles in the vein of the MCU's Thor in his first appearance, in that he is very powerful and one track minded but ignorant to basic things like food and recreational activities.Jim Carrey's performance as Dr. Eggman was easily my favourite thing about the original film. I remember laughing out loud quite a lot at the over-the-top material the writers gave him to work with. It was almost as though the character has been personally tailored to make use of all his comedic talents. This time, he bears a stronger resemblance to his video game counterpart, complete with a bald head and comically huge moustache, and like before he steals the show in virtually every scene he is in. For a man in his 60s, Carrey still demonstrates a considerable amount of versatility and physical dexterity when playing this iconic villain. I look forward to seeing more of Carrey's version of Dr. Eggman in future Sonic films.As far as video game movies and sequels are concerned, "Sonic the Hedgehog 2" is a fun follow-up that is able to recapture what made the original a success in the first place. It isn't afraid to be goofy fun if it wants to be but it also doesn't shy away from serious moments whenever it feels necessary. If you liked the first film, then it stands to reason that you should like this one as well. Judging by the mid-credits scene, it seems there are some more surprises on the horizon so Sonic fans definitely ought to stay tuned.I rate it 7/10.
10 This one was better than Sonic 1. It had better Jokes, more violence, and better characters!! This is also a perfect kids movie, with only two adult jokes!! Jim Carrey returned for the role of Dr. Robotnick and boy did Jim Carrey over act. It had more overacting than the first one but it is funnier!! Great movie go watch it!!
7 If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free thoughts, please follow my blog to read my full review :)"Sonic the Hedgehog 2 is a vastly superior sequel to the first adaptation.Jeff Fowler works with his screenwriting team to fix some of the issues with the original flick, successfully managing to create a much less corporate work, more focused on Sonic and, this time, also Tails and Knuckles, in addition to putting humans aside in a subplot that, even so, still bothered more than it should.Taking advantage of phenomenal voice acting from the cast, as well as an already iconic performance by Jim Carrey as Dr. Robotnik, entertainment levels soar tremendously as the action-adventure sequences amaze viewers with praiseworthy animation and visual effects, as well as an engaging main narrative that expands on the origin of the hedgehogs while simultaneously developing the same characters.Fun for kids and adults alike."Rating: B.
9 4.5 out of 5 stars.Sonic the Hedgehog 2 is a really good action adventure film that adults and children will enjoy. It is a bigger and more epic sequel to the original. Fans of the game series will love. The story is bigger. Taking Sonic and Tails on a adventure for the emerald which Robotnik and Knuckles is after.The film does have a lot of action sequences that are bigger and intense. The visual effects are outstanding. The new characters are fun addition like Tails and Knuckles. Robotnik goes through some changes which fans of the game series will love. Especially during the climax with his giant robot battling Sonic and Tails.The cast did great with there roles. The voice talent also did good. The film does have some fun humor. And some cheesy humor which is an eye roll. With the scope of the film with its action. Story and humor. It is forgiven.The film does have a mid credit scene that sets up for a sequel. This film is one fun action packed sequel that goes bigger.
10 Don't believe the critic's they are still mad the first film made more then any of the Disney films that have came out in the past 3 years. Even made more then boring Encanto that some how won on Oscar. Anyways if you want a movie made for adults and children to enjoy this is the film for you. Jim Is hilarious as always. Anyways if you loved the first you will surely love this movie as well.
10 The wild, fun and adventurous blue hedgehog we all love, Sonic a.k.a. Blue Justice, is back in his new movie, Sonic the Hedgehog 2! This film has new character appearances, major plot twists, mind-blowing adventures, and tons of laughs throughout it. It's great that this sequel is one of those movies you can enjoy without seeing the original; however, since it refers to different scenes from the first one, you may want to watch the original first.In Sonic the Hedgehog 2, Dr. Ivo Robotnik, or Dr. Eggman as Sonic calls him (Jim Carrey), returns to Earth with a new ally, Knuckles (Idris Elba), in hopes of finding a magical gem that holds the ultimate power of the universe. All that stands in their way is Sonic (Ben Schwartz) and his new partner in crime, Tails (Colleen O'Shaughnessey). It's a battle of good and bad to see who will reach the emerald first and win in the end.The main characters are Sonic, Dr. Robotnik, Tails and Knuckles. I love how this film introduces characters from the Sonic the Hedgehog franchise and they just fit in seamlessly. One of the voice actors who surprised me is Idris Elba. His voice is the perfect match to portray Knuckle's strong and confident personality. My favorite part is when Tom Wachowski (James Marsden) and Maddie Wachowski (Tika Sumpter) are at Rachel's wedding and need to open a portal for Sonic; Tom realizes he may have mistaken the wedding ring for one of Sonic's golden rings. It adds some hilarious adventure to the wedding. Kudos to Junkie XL for keeping an "old school" feel throughout the film with songs such as It's Tricky by Run D. M. C. And Here Comes the Hotstepper by Ini Kamoze.This film sheds light on the importance of having family and friends in your life. They will always have your back and keep you on the right path in life. Sonic and the other characters experience different obstacles that teach them the true definition of a family, even if they come as friends.Sonic the Hedgehog 2 is out of this world. I rate it 5 out of 5 stars and recommend it for kids ages 8 to 18, plus adults. The "battle of the gem" takes place in theaters on April 8, 2022. Be sure to stay for the after-credits movie scene. By Tiana S., KIDS FIRST!
10 I just came back from seeing this film in the cinema and I had a goddamn blast with it! Sonic the Hedgehog 2 is a movie that knows what it wants to be and runs with it, resulting in a more fun and enjoyable experience than the already fun and enjoyable predecessor. I won't say much else since I want people to check it out (see the first film before though for more context) for themselves.I'll end by saying two things, bring on the third one, and please let Mario's upcoming movie be good too.
8 It's a blast filled with cringe jokes and some actually funny ones. Maybe just a bit too long but I didn't mind too much. The additional new characters in the movie were great too. What I love most is that there seems to be a lot of love and fun put in when making these films and you can see that when watching it.
7 This film is a very fun time. Sonic and Tails are a delight, Knuckles is epic and the action is great. Jim Carey's energy is amazing as Robotnik and the humour is pretty solid (although its missing the more witty humour the first had at times).However, the film is slightly ruined by the humans. Tom and Maddie are fine and are hardly in the film.But the entire film is utterly dragged down by a 15 minute sequence in the middle involving the bride raging at her wedding being crashed. When Sonic, Tails, Knuckles or Eggman don't appear for 15 minutes straight, something has gone wrong. The acting was horrendous in this scene and it was as if an awful cheesy romance film was shoved into a Sonic film.The third act regained some momentum but it started to drag on by the end. If the wedding scenes didn't happen, the pacing would be fine.Sonic becoming Super Sonic was epic, although its weird Robotnik's fate is unclear. The ending was very sweet as well.And that post-credit scene... wow!Overall, Sonic 2 is a fun time but when I rewatch it I'll be skipping the human scenes.
7 This movie definitely felt like a step up from the previous which was good but kind of just felt like a road trip movie that just happened to have Sonic and Robotinik dropped in the middle of it, this one felt more aligned with the items and locations of the games and had a lot more fanservice in it, with more action and comedyI have had a soft spot for the Sonic games, the original 2D games revolutionised 2D platformers at the time, however the 3D games always felt behind innovation though some are better than others. Sonic 06 and Rise of Lyric are definitely the worst ones, though can still be entertaining if you love hilarious glitches and super cheesy writing and scenesThis movie however is still quite good despite having a few flays, Jim Carrey's acting as Robotnik has been taken a step up on the cheese factor and now feels like a full fledged cartoon character with the dial all the way up to 10, than just Jim Carrey pretending to be Robotnik. He even feels more cartoonified than what Eggman was in most of the recent games, but Jim knows how to get into that zone and stay there because he lives and breathes that styleI really liked the addition of Tails in the movie and felt very faithful to the character, Knuckles was good too but kind of felt like he was dumbed down a little compared to the wisecracking character of the games to an extent. I also wasn't a real big fan of his African accent, but it makes sense why they made him that way. I didn't like how Tails was unconscious for almost 20 minutes with no dialogue and it felt lazy to me, like they were compensating for not having enough lines for him in a very cheap way.I did like how the Chaos Emeralds were more focussed upon in this movie aswell as the Master Emerald, and it was fun to see Sonic turn into Super Sonic at the end, though I thought they could have played a bit more with it in that scene and felt it was a bit too short and glossed over too quicklyOverall, I had a fun time with this movie and I think fans will like it a lot too, it felt more like a Sonic adventure in this one and I liked that, maybe we'll see Shadow and Amy make an appearance in the 3rd one.
9 I'm genuinely confused on why critics are going out of their way to try and review these films as if they were trying to be Gone with the Wind. For me personally I felt like this was one of the better video game movies I have ever seen. The addition of the other video game characters and only make this 1000 times more entertaining than the first one. I also felt like the rivalry between sonic and knuckles really worked and you can tell that there was a lot of animosity between the characters which was the point of their rivalry. It's not perfect, or some things with the human characters that are pretty boring and obnoxious. I just don't get why they won't make a movie about the characters from the game themselves and not try and add a bunch of side human characters to further along a less interesting plot. Other than that I really like that I really don't understand why critics are so hard on this franchise. Every complaint that I've seen about this movie they are saying that this is a cash grab for sonic. This is a sonic movie! Why would they not be using elements from the games that are related to sonic if it's a sonic movie? That's ridiculous. Same thing with Uncharted I just think critics are way too hard on these video game movies because of the stigma around them. For me... This is just as good if not better than the first one. Also stay for the credits if you're a fan of a franchise... OH MY GOD!!!
8 As a fan of the games, I had an idea of where the story was going within the first 15 minutes of the film. With that being said, the execution of the plot and writing with both new and returning characters, made the build up to the finale very entertaining and worth my time. It's a little slow at the beginning but once Tails and Knuckles join the cast, it's a thrilling race to the finish; and what a finish it is! There are some twists I didn't see coming and I won't spoil the 3rd act which is the peak of the film. Think Spider-Man No Way Home: Sega version! Yes, the 3rd act is that good and it gave me goosebumps. Very enjoyable film for fans and newcomers alike and definitely STAY for the mid-credits scene.
7 I saw Sonic the Hedgehog 2, starring James Marsden-Westworld_tv, Death at a Funeral; Ben Schwartz-Space Force_tv, Night School; Idris Elba-The Suicide Squad, Star Trek Beyond; Colleen O'Shaughnessey-The Blacklist_tv, The fresh Prince of Bel_Air_tv and Jim Carrey-Kick_Ass 2, Liar Liar.This is the sequel to the 2020 movie based on the popular video games. Ben voices Sonic, the super fast alien hedgehog that has been adopted by James. When James goes on a vacation, Ben is left to fend for himself until Jim/Dr Robotnik makes his surprising return-he was banished to another planet at the end of the first movie. Idris voices Knuckles, an Echidna alien that is searching for a powerful emerald that happens to be hidden on Earth. Idris teams up with Jim-Jim wants the emerald too-and the race is on as to who can find the emerald first. Ben has Colleen-voicing Tails-to help him. There is plenty of action and humor to keep you entertained-and lots of Easter eggs for the ones familiar with the video games-and there is a scene just as the end credits starts that fore shadows the next movie. Oh yeah, there will be a third. FYI: I don't know if it's true or not but I have read that this will be Jim Carrey's last movie-he is retiring, evidently.It's rated PG for action, violence, rude humor and mild language and has a running time of 2 hours & 2 minutes.If you liked the first one, you should enjoy this one too. I enjoyed it and would buy it on DVD.
10 Jim Carry and Idris Elba were definitely the crowd stealers in this sequel to the 2020 film. This movie had more laughs, more action, and lots more fun.I love him Carry and I love Idris Elbow on their own so them together was just spectacular.
8 Drags on a bit long though still a refinement on its prequel. Jeff Fowler established every characters into frenetic adventure for whole family. Carrey elevated his quirky villain mode. Knuckles & Tails were capably assembled with Sonic's heartfelt efforts.
8 Such a fun, great movie, tons of easter eggs for those who grew up on sonic too. Everything was perfect. This is how video game movies should be. I can't wait for more. IDRIS was amazing as Knuckles. He was so on point. The man was born to play that role. It was such a great vibe for them to get Colleen to do the voice of Tails. She is Tails. I loved all the easter eggs, the jokes. And most of all JIM. The man is a legend. If This happens to be his last movie ever. What a way to go out. He killed it. Can't wait to own this movie.
1 This is the dumbest film i have ever seen. If you don't believe me, plunk down your money and see for yourself. The fascinating thing is that you stick around just to see what stupid thing happens next. The real problem is jake. He's just not the bad guy type. How many cop cars does it take to stop an ambulance? A lot more than you think.
1 Michael Bay has made more rubbish films than good. The studios should stop giving him ridiculous budgets because he's just gonna spend it on smashing up as many vehicles as the budget will allow, regardless of trying to entertain the audience with anything resembling a decent film.All 3 of us hated it.1/10.
1 Once you get through the entry setup it quickly jumps right into the bank heist. The are portrayed as clueless, yet the Boss Jake has loads of expensive toys from his successful robbing career.The robbery is super simple, and it's over in 10 mins. The rest of the movie, the remaining 2 hours, is the chase. Each bag has 8Mil in 100s, which weighs 176 pounds. Both actors carry them around like they are empty. The constant erratic unstable camera work will give you a head ache, needless and annoying.Tons of character issues. The female paramedic fleeing the ambulance with a person in critical condition. Armed gunman refuse to leave an ambulance and stays in an emergency vehicle. Lead investigator is gay and in marriage counseling at the time he gets a call. Lead cop calls off a 15 car police chase cause his dog is in one of the cars?? Wtf. Jake is making calls and arguing about party favors.And of course it has to get even more outrageous. Lets try open chest surgery in the back of a moving ambulance rocking down the highway. More unnecessary shaky camera work. Phone battery dies.So the same hero EMT who flees, jumps into the line of fire to prevent the group from being shot. Just so many terrible character decisions. Two brothers get into a front seat fight while driving. Ugh. Let's spray paint an
EMT vehicle to disguise it.The entire movie is based on the fear of shooting/killing a cop, then an entire attack is designed to kill cops. Unreal. Ending is just unappealing as they come. Directed by Michael Bay, one of his worst.
3 First, you go for a bank robbery to get 16 millions, you split in four bags, and then in one bag you have 8 millions. Magical.Second, a medical surgeon that earns 7 digits eats 1$ microwave frozen chicken during his lunch time. Real.Last, the movie is just a long commercial of Cheetos, Keruig and Lean Cuisine... Are you serious?So, this is Dumbulance. Hollywood is brain dead.
3 Dumb, dumber, and even more dumber! Ambulance is one those thrill rides you watch for the thrill for the first time. Years latter or the second time you watch Ambulance and says this is so stupid. Ambulance is a mix of the movie Heat and Speed all in one. There is the Woke characters, and the brothers from different mothers theme which is shows Hollywood is dying from running out of ideas. There is a bank robbery turned into a Ambulance jack. With chases with Ambulance surgery done online by an E M T. After that a drug cartel workout with a plan of several Ambulance as an escape plan. This over top attempts tires to over come flat characters from the usual Hollywood stereotypes. Drug cartels guys, tough E M T women, the army vet black guy trying help his family, which has the same old just done over and over in so many different ways. In spite of this a thrill ride which is fun to watch for first time, Ambulance is a desperate attempt to re do another Lethal Weapon, Taken, and Die Hard type movie. So over the top it's different, but the usual flat characters mixed with little story makes this a B movie. 3 stars.
1 The only director that can have a thousand insane things happening on screen at the same time and still the movie is boring and dull, story is stupid and plot is nonsensical and probably the worst melodramatic music ever.Another Bay another dud.
1 I lasted for 60 minutes.This film was literally like being on a rollercoaster. I've never witnessed such horrendous filming. Impossible to follow due to constant and unrelenting sweeping and changing angles. I didn't know what was happening. I felt SO sick I had to leave.There was zero story within the first 60 minutes before I left.Vue kindly gave me a refund.Avoid at all costs.Who makes these films? There were two people in the theatre so this will bomb, as it deserves to.
2 What should be a fun action flick becomes literally unwatchable as the overuse of shaky cam causes even more headaches and eye rolls than a plot with holes big enough to drive an ambulance through.
4 Lately, Jake Gyllenhaal had been tackling very high-strung excitable characters, like supervillain Mysterio in "Spider-Man: Far from Home" (2019) and the troubled 911 operator in "The Guilty" (2021). His character Danny Sharp here was really a scary, crazy guy who simply snapped as things did not go his way on this particular day, when his perfectly-laid plans miscarried and was unraveling in the worst possible way.Yahya Abdul-Mateen II turned heads as the charismatic Black Panther head Bobby Seale in "The Trial of the Chicago 7" (2020). His William Sharp is a considerably more vulnerable character -- a man driven to crime by sheer desperation. In her biggest role since her breakthrough in "Baby Driver" (2017), Eiza Gonzalez's fearless EMT Cam is quite attention-getting, especially for her "successful" surgery using her hair clip as a vascular clamp.This remake of a 2005 Danish film was one big, over-the-top, exaggerated hyperbole, a Bay trademark. To add more chaos, he made sure that the ambulance had fruits or flowers or dresses to hit and scatter around. The camera was in constant dizzying motion, coming in and out from various angles. Running at a hefty 136 minutes, the whole thing felt bloated and can actually be tiresome to watch with all the medical absurdities and manic energy it had.
3 I made it 20 minutes and turned this hunk of crap off. This director needs to go away and retire. His movies have been garbage since like 2000. Do yourself a favor and skip this.
1 I had a really hard time convincing myself to stay and finish this movie when I saw it. The story & plot itself is silly, which I expected based on the trailers and how paper thin the setup is but visually this was headache inducing.The basic plot of this movie is that Jake Gyllenhall & Yahya Abdul-Mateen II are brothers who go on a bank heist that goes wrong. The crew they rob the bank with gets picked off one by one by the LAPD until something goes sideways as the brothers try to make their escape. Due to an unfortunate mishap, both brothers are forced to commandeer an ambulance and make a run for it. One long car chase ensues with lots of crashes, screeching tires, bullets flying and explosions.Again, this is fine because I expected it from the trailers. Also it's a Michael Bay directed film, so I expected it to be mostly style over substance and spectacle.Unfortunately the movie is visually shot with non-stop shaky cam & drone-like aerial and swirling shots. And I mean NON-STOP. It's like Michael Bay & his cinematographer shot gunned a 6-pack of Red Bull, snorted a Ziploc full of cocaine, busted out a smartphone and turned off all visual stabilization and started shooting while running.There are almost no shots where the camera isn't swooping up or down or rotating around people or things and shaking like crazy. It made it difficult to follow the action. Even in an early scene where Jake & Yahya's characters are talking, the camera is constantly revolving around them!Perhaps if Michael Bay controlled himself & shot this movie in a way where it was easier to follow the action and the camera wasn't constantly moving, I'd like this a lot more. Nothing could be more mind numbing or boring than watching a camera shake or move all over the place for nearly 90 minutes! I get that some of things being done visually are the director's trademarks but it's dialed up to 11 and just non-stop.I wouldn't recommend paying to watch this unless you absolutely have nothing better to do. The story is too silly and visually this movie is too much of a mess to be entertaining in my humble opinion. Go watch Sonic the Hedgehog 2 or Morbius instead...
6 Remake of a Danish comedy in an attempt to make an action movie where the only good thing is the performance of all its actors.The director in his terrible line of not allowing the film to breathe without any break. The camera totally crazy shaking everywhere and getting to produce serious dizziness.
3 Just less than half an hour in I'm already filled with nausea. Don't you guys have stuntmen? The camera works is worse than someone falling down a cliff and filming. Horrible!0 star!2 star for Jake Gyllenhaal
1 star for the storythat's it. Never again Michael Bay's movie. Horrible!
3 Don't expect anything really new (or, for the most part, exciting or accurate) from Michael Bay. This movie is no exception to that.Like his many other movies, the plot is so thin you can see daylight through it. It's mainly an excuse to wreck as many vehicle as possible and kill as many people as you can allow on film.Don't expect "character development," either. There are snippets that seem to be thrown is to give an excuse for making this movie. A wife needs an "experimental operation" that insurance won't pay for. A rookie cop is careless as his partner seeks revenge on those who injure him. An EMT was a 3rd year resident in medicine, but had to quit because she used "speed" and had to quit. That last one was especially disturbing since she completely forgot anything of human anatomy.The saddest things about this film are that Jake Gyllenhaal, a gifted actor, is reduced to playing a crazy stereotype in the last half of the movie, and Garret Dillahunt, an actor who has given a slew of amazing television performances, is reduced to playing a cop who leads probably the most incompetent undercover team of the LAPD.The one actor who DOES give a decent, nuanced performance, is Yahya Abdul-Mateen II. Unfortunately, his role is the yin to Gyllenhaal's yang: the good brother who's caught up in crazy brother's insane plot to steal money (because it's there, I guess) and who accidentally shoots a police office who is carried off in the ambulance, and later gets hijacked.ZZZZzzzzzz.
1 Couldn't even get through this ridiculous, silly mess of a movie. No idea what Jake was thinking? I hope they paid him really well to star in this trash.Don't waste your time. And if you do, at least you were warned.
2 I'm not a fan of Bay Movies. I liked Bad Boys, and the Rock, but it became very apparent very quickly that his directing style is one-note and formulaic; shakey-cams inside stationary vehicles, slowly undulating American flags, incomprehensible editing choices, disjointed voice bites, and shouting = comedy. Not to mention the man had never locked down a camera in his life.Now throw HD camera drones into the mix and now there's a whole new mess of terrible gimmick over-saturation.This story did not need to be told by Michael Bay, because he destroyed it. There's something there, but the film is put together so abysmally that you end up not caring about any of the characters, you just want the trainwreck to end.,
7 So another Jake Gyllenhaal remake of a Scandinavian movie. This one a lot older than the phone only movie that was released last year. Therefor I couldn't remember much of the original, but it didn't actually matter ... because this is completely different from the original movie ... this is as out there as it can be. It has been turned into a Bay movie ... the premise more or less is the same. Even there have been tweaks (the brothers, the dynamic, why they do ... what they do ... where they go and so much more) ... so much that you can't really recognize the original movie anymore.This turns it up to 11 to say the least ... the action part. There is even a Heat like shootout - not as good as the one Michael Mann did, but close enough (I don't do cigars, in case you were wondering). There are many action and stunt scenes then ... but also a lot more comedy it feels like ... at least the "bad" brother seems way more relatable than I remember him being in the original. Doesn't mean he is without flaws ... and craziness ... but Jake plays him with such charisma that you can't help but root for him too.It's all fun and games then ... well until the last third of the movie. And it reminded me a bit of the switch Bad Boys 2 took ... it was such a fun movie ... and then it went ... I think ballistic is the right term to use. Anyway it got way too serious .. and same is true here. It is really a shame ... morals and cliches and all ... not sure how one was supposed to end this .. but the added elements and characters would have given some opportunities for different approaches and turns ... anyway, it is what it is ... and while I was almost going to give it an 8 (if it remained "fun" - as in the term Popcorn movie was invented just for this), but was also thinking going as low as 6 ... guess a 7 is ok, even if purists may dislike I gave it the same rating that I did the original. Be aware of what you are watching and suspend your disbelief ... or if you are not a fan of Bay do not watch this at all.
1 Massive waste of resources both mechanical and human. Absurd and unbelievable concept. Interactive insanity between the main characters. The real shocker is that it's more than 2 hours of madness and a Michael Bay movie.
1 Why Why Why..... it's not clever, it makes the audience feel like vomiting!This movie was actually quite good, if it wasn't for the absolutely horrendous shaky/zoom in/out camerawork!Please stop it, we hate it!!!
3 I should have known what to expect with a Michael Bay film. But this was just ridiculous. So many plot holes and character decisions that just made no sense whatsoever. Example...they enter a seemingly deserted bank via an underground parking lot (that's just holding $32 million in cash on a table) and the plan is to walk out the front door onto the Main Street with bags of money on their backs, despite them already realising there is a policeman outside. This is just one example, but there are dozens.Absolutely terrible.
4 Warning: this film can seriously damage your brain.The beginning of the film was ok and showed no red flags.Then grown men started talking like saucy 15-year-olds, and I got that feeling...like I've heard this before. Checked the director - Bay.Bingo.Then everything made perfect sense. Thirty-minute-long actions scenes with insane camera work - check. Surreal decision-making in a world that operates in Grand Theft Auto V logic - check. Blatant mockery of politically relevant topics - check.I can enjoy a Bay film, I love the Rock, and it's very similar. But this one is of complete insanity. It's so incredibly over the top you can't even see the top from here.And then Bay tries to do drama, and of course, it's excruciating.There's no reason to try to understand the story since it exists only in this nightmare world where everyone is aggressive, careless, stupid, and has no regard for their or others' lives.Pros: some decent action scenes and excellent acting by Gyllenhaal.Cons: it's a nightmare.Overall, it's a solid live adaptation of a GTA V five-star car chase but with no tanks.
1 The story is about a bank robbery similar to the one in Heat " the movie". However the storyline and the acting level are struggling behind and everything seems to be fake and can't convince a 6 years old kid!.The movie is all about a mighty power ambulance vehicle that has been robbed by two thieves while trying to escape from the police after the bank robbery, and the police with all their helicopters, snipers, dodge cars and thousands of bullets can't stop the ambulance !, this ambulance vehicle is equivalent to the mighty train we all saw in GTA IV, no matter how many stars are chasing you..the train is
Unstoppable no matter what!.I'll mention two scenes that shed the light on the childish script.First scene: the head of task force was heavily annoyed when he figured out that his dog " Nitro" was inside one of the police cars while chasing the ambulance vehicle and paused the chasing operation to get Nitro out !Second scene: a wounded officer inside the vehicle got his spleen raptured because of the bullets and he got the surgery done inside the vehicle without anesthesia and without surgeons ! Just two random guys made a video call with surgeons and followed the steps and whoa the officer is fine!, the officer would show more pain if he got his teeth removed!. Horrible acting.Don't bother yourself and watch this movie in the theater or even at your home. Do anything but don't watch!
6 At first I was like there something off.Lets divide the movie into 3 parts:-1st: The director Micheal Bay it appears he just bought a drone and he wanna use it. So many scenes with the drone he go up, down, left, right and in zig zig. To the extent my eyes hurt and I felt nauseous.2nd: he bank haist it's so messy to the extent there is no plan. Why is he drop at first down? And pick them up from the front door. Why they are going to the haist without any masks. Why they are going to haist without plan!! It was like hey brother nice to see you we were just about to make the biggest haist in history!!!3rd: the Ending Whyyyyyy... whyyy is she going the thro patient files!! Why is she visiting a patient while she is filled with blood! And the police man was like this one save me!! Don't you remember he is the one shot you at firstjake gyllenhaal acting is the only good thing in this movie.
4 I was expecting a mindless action movie, but a fun one with a big smile on my face. Instead I got a slideshow with cuts every other second. I haven't been invested in the movie, didn't care about the brothers, not the paramedic, nor the police officers getting them. There was no continous or fluid action scene so we'll be able to understand or have a slight idea of what's happening on screen. We just got 10 cuts per second, so my brain was overwhelmed with non sense information.Somewhere underneath this crap, there is a good movie... Maybe.
1 ...just bad. I was laughing my ass off at the movie for roughly the first half. It was just so ridiculous. Then it started taking itself too seriously, characters got killed off or forgotten about. It was just a mess.You don't think that you'd ever say that Michael bay is losing it, you know, because he never really had it to begin with. But man, it just stopped being funny even to laugh at and I started thinking that Mr. Bay might have a brain tumor or something.I hope all is well with you Mr. Bay.
6 Greetings again from the darkness. It's not billed as a remake of ROMANCING THE STONE (1984), and perhaps that's because it borrows from many adventure romantic-comedies over the years. Brothers and co-directors Aaron Nee and Adam Nee (BAND OF ROBBERS, 2015) have proven they can deliver exactly what is promised from a script by co-writers Oren Uziel (MORTAL COMBAT, 2021) and Dana Fox (CRUELLA, 2021). Seth Gordon receives a story credit, which is a bit ironic considering he has been quoted with, "The best stories are rooted in reality."Oscar winner Sandra Bullock stars as grieving, reclusive and highly successful romance novelist Loretta Sage, and Channing Tatum co-stars as her long-time and extremely popular cover model, Adam (in what is obviously a 'wink and a nod' to Fabio). Loretta's love of history, and the passing of her husband, have combined to make her despise the books she writes and the publicity tours she's required to attend ... especially when being forced to wear a skintight purple/fuchsia sequined onesie. On the other hand, vapid model Adam relishes giving the audience what they want - strutting, hair waving, and bare chest.After their most recent event goes sideways, Loretta is kidnapped by the villainous rich guy with a so-called gender-neutral name of Abigail Fairfax (Daniel Radcliffe). He's read her latest book and needs her help in locating the 'Crown of Fire' hidden somewhere on a remote island he purchased for this reason. Things have to move quickly before the volcano erupts and buries the treasure. At this point, Adam is committed to rescuing Loretta and proving that he's more than a pretty face. Loretta's stressed out literary agent Beth (Da'Vine Joy Randolph, DOLEMITE IS MY NAME, 2019) is determined to save her writer-asset, while the newly hired social media director (Patti Harrison) acts goofy (and deserved better lines).It's regrettable, yet a sign of the times, that (2-time Oscar winner) Brad Pitt's cameo is included in the trailer. This should have been a pleasant surprise for viewers, and instead is spoiled by the clip. He has fun with his role as former Navy Seal and meditation partner with Adam, as the two work towards Loretta's rescue. The time on the island combines the adventure sequences with the slow-build of the romantic bond between Loretta and Adam, and both actors do their thing. It's mostly Mr. Radcliffe who seems a bit out of place as he goes big in his role as villain, when some subtlety might have played better. Then again, there is nothing subtle about this production, including the scenes with Beth and an oddball pilot with a goat-fetish played by Oscar Nunez ("The Office").Sandra Bullock and Channing Tatum can play these characters in their sleep, and to their credit, they both seem engaged and willing to put forth the necessary effort. Tatum especially embraces the duality of a preening cover boy and the sensitive type out to prove he has substance. It's an easy film to criticize, but why would you? It's meant to be harmless fun and bring joy to movie lovers. It's totally fine to make a silly formulaic movie when your objective is to make a silly formulaic movie.Opening in theaters on March 25, 2022.
7 Mainstream comedies that actually make it to theatres are slim to none these days. I remember a time when there was possibly a big comedy coming out every one or two months, with at least half of them being good, but in today's climate, humour is just tough to get right. I was very happy to see that Paramount would be taking a chance and releasing a big comedy in The Lost City this year, but I truly didn't know to what to expect from it. After seeing it in theatres, I'm happy to say that I had a good time with it. It's not great, but it felt like a throwback comedy, just with a modern twist.To put it simply, The Lost City follows Loretta (Sandra Bullock) as she's on a book tour with her cover model Alan (Channing Tatum) to promote the release of "The Lost City of D," but they are swept up in a kidnapping and find themselves on a real adventure in the jungle. Abigail Fairfax (Daniel Radcliffe) is the reason Loretta was kidnapped in the first place, as he sees many similarities in her book to that of a real lost city. Being the privileged twerp that he is makes for a fun villainous storyline, even if it's pretty lame at times. Radcliffe aside (whom I still enjoyed), this film puts all of its weight on Tatum and Bullock to deliver the goods.This premise is clever enough to work as a film, but it all comes down to who you cast and if they can make the material work. I never thought I needed to see this duo together, but I'm very happy they worked so well. On top of that, I have to admit that the best moments in the film feature Brad Pitt's character Jack Trainer. He isn't in the film much, but every second he was on screen had me laughing. Where I found the film to be slightly uneven though, was in the fact that I wasn't sure if it wanted to be funny or dramatic at times.I'm all for heartfelt storylines as well as comedy, but I would argue that the majority of the humour is in the first half, while the second half gets a little more sentimental. These both worked in the movie, but the way the film begins gives absolutely no foreshadowing as to what the film will become by the end. I found that odd, but again, the cast sold all of the dialogue for me. From a few hilarious moments to some fun adventure/action throughout, as I said, I had a good time with this one.In the end, The Lost City is exactly what I think moviegoers need right now. Nothing too serious or weighed down by heavy drama. This is a good old-fashioned, silly comedy/romance that I feel works for what it is. It's not going to be the type of comedy that a lot of people are going to watch over and over again, at least I don't think, but the heart of the film is in the right place and it never takes anything too seriously. Now playing in theatres, I'd give a recommendation to The Lost City.
5 The Lost City has pieces that work and pieces that don't. Placing pretenders into an actual adventure is good for laughs and heart, yet much of this script is generic. Unimaginative MacGuffins, flat villains, and predictable romances are individually forgivable, but together, they override the premise's charm. Furthermore, the dialogue, humor, and plot devices are subpar. The cast enhances the material (especially Pitt and Radcliffe), but some scenes are groaners. Tatum's charisma shines through and Pitt's cameo provides flavor, but that isn't enough to pull The Lost City out of mediocrity. It isn't painful, but The Lost City misses more than it hits.Meanwhile, The Lost City's filmmaking is average. Its minor positives are the cinematography (intermittently dramatizing comedy and action), the sound (selling the combat and jungle setting), the production design (primarily real but often computerized), and the effects (employing real explosions amongst the CGI). Conversely, the editing occasionally sags (lingering on unessential jokes) and the music is distractingly trendy (forcing fun, rather than serving the narrative). Lastly, The Lost City lacks cohesion. Its humor and emotions never tonally blend, and instead take turns (which disconnects viewers). Ultimately, The Lost City has mild appeal, but functions inconsistently.Writing: 3/10
Direction: 3/10
Cinematography: 6/10
Acting: 5/10
Editing: 4/10
Sound: 6/10
Score/Soundtrack: 4/10
Production Design: 6/10
Casting: 8/10
Effects: 6/10Overall Score: 5.1/10.
6 A cute and funny enough rom com, a few more of the jokes were stale than I would have liked, but overall it accomplished its goal. A few laughs, a few "awhs", and a whole lotta "omg is Channing Tatum hot"'d.
7 7.0/10I actually enjoyed this film way more than I expected. It perfectly fits into its categories of action, adventure, comedy, and romance.The story was very enjoyable. It started off kind of wonky and felt like I was in for a bad time, but once the "prologue" passed and the main portion of the movie started it got much better.The chemistry between Sandra Bullock and Channing Tatum worked surprisingly well, and only got better as the film progressed. I did enjoy Daniel Radcliffe as the antagonist. More of a bratty rich boy than an evil "I want to murder everyone" kind of bad guy.By the end I felt that the big part of the film was that the romance was definitely geared towards the women while the action parts were geared towards the men. The comedy could've gone either way, and some may find certain parts funnier than others, both scenes and what's actually funny.I also enjoyed the score. The way certain soundtracks were worked into the scenes noticeably helped enhance them (as soundtracks should).Overall, I think this film is perfect for a movie date night. It's funny, it's romantic, it has a pretty good action/adventure story and it's not as cheesy as most romcoms tend to be.I hope my review helps you make a choice on this film. Until next time....
Enjoy the show!
6 The first half of this movie is really funny. I was laughing more than most in the theater. There are so many well-written jokes and situational humor with about an 80% hit rate, including a few hilarious moments. The characters are fleshed out enough for me to care. The story is formulaic and relatively weak compared to the other aspects, but that's easily forgiven when it's making me laugh.In the second half, the laughs slow down drastically. It gets a lot more serious with attempts at character arcs and story moments that aren't bad but are things we've seen a thousand times. I didn't hate watching it, but without as much comedy it's a much weaker movie.The first half is easily seven stars. The second half is a weak six. I wouldn't mind watching this again but I wouldn't go out of my way to do so. (1 viewing, opening Thursday night 3/24/2022)
7 The chemistry between Bullock and Pitt is beyond words even though for only a minute or two. It's so powerful that it dulls the chemistry between Channing and Bullock. It's too bad that Brad wasn't given a much larger role as he has a real knack for comedy. It was likely to keep costs down or maybe he couldn't commit to more shooting days. If budget wasn't an issue I would have written a few more Pitt scenes in and maybe less goat. They tried to milk the goat bit (sorry) and it just wasn't funny. Radcliffe was good too and again he could have used a few more scenes. Still, money well spent just to watch Brad for a few minutes as he stole the entire movie.
8 Got to see the early ish screening considered date night on the regal app that was great time! One of the funniest things set up in the is experience was showing a short trailer of the movie 6 times that's never been a thing and there was feature before the movie started mostly talking about the red dress being a character itself that was silly. Didn't expect as much comedy as there was and highly entertaining action even an excellent soundtrack! I don't know about others but I loved the movie.
8 It would be easy to call this a knockoff of Indiana Jones, but in some ways it kind of knows it, has a fun self aware vibe to it. It's merely just a satire of those treasure adventure films.Sandra Bullock and Channing Tatum have good chemistry, they just play off each other perfectly you can tell they are having a blast. Tatum is having fun paroding his pretty boy image. Daniel Radcliffe is quite the scene stealer has an over the top villain. It's just a fun movie, delivers some incredible laughs, and not for the faint hearted.
8 Novelist Loretta, at the start of an unwelcome book tour, is kidnapped by nutjob rich boy Fairfax, who believes that an earlier book means that she holds the key to deciphering where an item of untold value rests. She is pursued by Alan, the cover model for her romantic novels, who is a bit on the dim and inept side.This romantic comedy action thriller seems to be Indiana Jones for laughs, but actually has 3 things going for it. The first is Sandra Bullock as Loretta. Loretta is not comedy or romantic or action. She is actually a really sad character, in self-imposed (emotional)isolation after the sudden death of her husband five years earlier. The gradual re-emergence of this damaged person in the course of her often very funny ordeal is a quiet joy.The second is Channing Tatum, once more sending up his hunk status, and he does so with a performance which is emotionally sincere is it is comedic. These two sell the evolution of their relationship very well.The third is the scriot. It is always amusing, and there are a handful of genuinely cleve, funny lines.Daniel Radcliffe is present, and encouraged to chew the scenery. He doesn't need the encouragement.
7 I wasn't expecting to enjoy this, but on the whole, I did, some bits of it were pretty silly, but there were some nice moments, and a few bits that had me in stitches. Some of the sweeter, romance moments were maybe a little corny, but that's what was expected I guess.Nice special effects, it looks great, I loved the locations used. You can argue it had a somewhat old fashioned, maybe old school vibe about it, but sometimes you just need a bit of silliness in your life.Nicely acted, they all did a good job, Daniel Radcliffe was good fun, always enjoy his work.It really does make the most of Channing Tatum's looks, and it does work, he is ridiculously handsome, and there are several tongue in cheek moments, he seems like a good sport.7/10.
8 I saw a screening of this and thought hey it's probably gonna be another cheesy action comedy but hey free. I didn't have high expectations but I have to say this movie was HILARIOUS! Good action. Really good comedy and even though it's 2 hours long it was good pacing. Definitely worth a watch!
26 March 2022 Yes, The Lost City is a sometime dimwitted, formulaic romantic adventure like Romancing the Stone and Indiana Jones with not much creativity that I could tell. No, it is not totally boring because it offers a relaxing antidote to COVID anxieties plaguing us for two years. The cutthroat island shenanigans, with reclusive romance novelist Loretta (Sandra Bullock) and her cover model Alan (Channing Tatum) are kidnapped looking for buried treasure.What makes this romance mildly enjoyable is the charm of its stars, Sandy/Loretta just a bit too old but looking fab, and Channing, buff and self-deprecating enough to generate a spark with Loretta. Daniel Radcliff as baddie Abagail Fairfax seems out of place, but then that may be the point.At our AMC-like theater there were a few other audience members far enough from us that we could cut up and converse, much like renting the theater for ourselves. Some solid scenes of repartee reminiscent of screwball comedies added to the pleasure of the island scenery and robust chases along with our not-always witty declamations.I would recommend you staying home and enjoying the house invasion Windfall on Netflix except that we enjoyed being out and seeing what Hollywood could do when it barely tries. And when Brad Pitt does a cameo with surprising dexterity, your retro romance Lost City is fully updated, and even semi-glamorous if you ask me. And you didn't.
8 Liked: This wasn't the typical romcom that is sappy and silly. Performances by everyone that had screen time. Pacing was great too.Not so much: Editing. There seems like a small chunk of the movie was missing and they tried to cover it with a quick transition.Loved: Brad's Pitt and Daniel Radcliffe. Both stole the show in each scene they were in.I really enjoyed this flick. Way more than I thought I was going to. I'm glad I saw this because this flick wasn't the typical sappy and silly romcoms tend to be associated with. It was action packed, had a lot of humor in it with some solid performances. Brad's Pitt and Daniel Radcliffe were awesome in this. Pitt nailed all his comedic timing and Radcliffe has great range and played the villain role really well. So much that one day he should play a Bond villain. Looked like he was having a lot of fun with this. No post credit but there is a great mid credit scene that adds to the story. Solid movie!
10 I have to be honest I didn't think Bullock and Tatum would mesh well together. But the chemistry they had in this movie was unforgettable. I laughed for the first hour of this movie. It was a fun and exciting movie Overall this felt like another Uncharted movie, but I enjoyed that movie so it worked. I recommend it you want to just laugh your ass off! I must say Brad Pitt in this movie was so SEXY! So was Tatum, Radcliffe, and Bullock, but I wished to have seen more of Pitt. I will definitely recommend this movie to others. I myself will be watching this one again when I need to disconnect and literally l.m.f.a.o!
9 I try to avoid watching trailers before I see a movie. Sometimes it is inevitable - you can't escape certain trailers. So while I still managed not to see everything the trailer revealed, I already knew from the looks of it, that I would like the movie. And lo and behold the movie delivers the goods.There may be certain role reversals (or gender cliches that are being made fun of if you want to call it that), but the way the actors are playing their roles will not make you think too much about that. At least not in a negative light - some people seem to be allergic when it comes to "wokeness" I reckon.Channing Tatum has no problem taking his own image apart. Though he still will not accept bad dancing - but that is a different story. Harry Radcliffe ... I mean Daniel Potter ... ah well, the guy formerly known - actually still known as Harry Potter plays quite the fine villain.There is an excellent cameo in this and there is also a bonus scene during the credits that you cannot miss under any circumstances. Sit back, relax and if the humor is your cup of tea, you'll have a blast with this.
9 IN A NUTSHELL:
Because of Covid, we haven't seen a lot of movies go straight to theaters. If you haven't been to one yet, consider this one because it's a fun popcorn movie that is good to see on the big screen. It's about a reclusive romance novelist on a book tour with her handsome cover model who gets swept up in a kidnapping attempt that lands them both in a cutthroat jungle adventure.THINGS I LIKED:
Sandra Bullock has been a darling of cinema for many years...and she still is. She has fantastic comedic timing and physical humor that makes her beautiful character endearing and hilarious. She looks amazing too. We can also thank Sandra Bullock for inviting Brad Pitt to join the cast for this fun flick.Channing Tatum is a force to be reckoned with and offers the silliness that reminds us to not take this movie so seriously while spending most of the time without his shirt on. I thought he and Sandra Bullock worked well together and had some believable chemistry.It's always good to see Daniel Radcliffe in movies.Oscar Nunez was hilarious every minute he was on screen.I loved the snarky humor.There are some entertaining stunts and action sequences.Keep watching the rolling credits at the end for a funny clip featuring Brad Pitt!The movie was filmed in the Dominican Republic.THINGS I DIDN'T LIKE:
Some of the humor doesn't land.The villain's motivations aren't compelling and often waiver.There was a missed element about some beads that I thought for sure we'd see later.If you have seen the movie Romancing the Stone, to which this film has been compared, you'll probably agree that movie's ending was WAY better.It's pretty predictable.TIPS FOR PARENTS:
Violence
Some bloody images
Suggestive material
Partial nudity (You see Channing Tatum's naked backside)
Some profanity and crude languageYou can see my full review on Movie Review Mom YouTube channel.
7 2022's The Lost City is just plain fun. Escapists and popcorn munchers are welcome. It's one of those action-adventure vehicles where the protagonists supply the sarcastic quips in the face of swashbuckling danger. "Jungles eat people like us". Need I say more.Directed with jungly cinematography by those Nee brothers (Aaron and Adam), "City" is like the goofy cousin of a certain '84 Robert Zemeckis flick and any Indiana Jones endeavor. It's a riff but a good riff that's not to be taken as serious. There's supposed hidden treasure, chases, snakes featured, and for added effect, leeches too.The Lost City stars Sandra Bullock as a novelist who gets kidnapped when one of her stories reveals the location of fortune in an ancient burgh (sound familiar?). The role of writer Loretta Sage is perfect for a bumbling, physical comic like Bullock. It's like her agent said, "oh yeah, this is a no-brainer"."City" also has Brad Pitt in it as a Navy Seal (Jack Trainer) sent to rescue Sage from the already rich baddies. When he exits, well it's almost a buzzkill. Piggybacking on his intimidating persona via Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, Pitt just reminds us again that he's a legend. His bone-crunching action sequences in "City" give the film a shot in the arm that doesn't quite sustain for the rest of the running time (1 hour-plus). Sure "City" is motion full tilt but finishes with less cowbell.In thinking back, "City's" look could almost pass as boost animation. The dialogue is improvised, the characters are dispassionate (yet funny), and because of the breezy tone (intertwined with PG-13 violence), The Lost City is a true to type, moviegoer's movie. It's basically one of the reasons we hit the cineplex on a Friday at 7-ish. Call it "Advancing" the Stone.
6 3 out of 5 stars.Sandra Bullock and Channing Tatum were great with there on screen chemistry and worked great with providing humor. Taking them on a adventure to searching for the lost city before the bad guys go after the search. The cast is good. The concept is fun. The film does have some humor and entertainment. The plot is forgettable. And the film does have a small amount of humor that cant carry the movie.
8 The Lost City is a nice reminder of the kind of film's they don't really make anymore, a great comedy adventure that moves along nicely, is frequently very funny and propelled along by the A-List cast who are all having a blast.Sandra Bullock and Channing Tatum both give incredible lead performances with fantastic chemistry, equally really funny but also showing real growth by the end. Daniel Radcliffe is really good as an extremely enjoyably evil antagonist, managing to leave a lasting impression with limited screen time.Adam and Aaron Nee's direction is excellent, the action scenes are surprisingly strong and the film overall looks really nice, helped by the practicality of it all (mostly). The soundtrack and the music by Pinar Toprak are both a lot of fun and appropriately playful.
7 Surprisingly effective and funny. It's one of those Saturday post-lunch films, a feel-good, light, not challenging, mostly predictable but very efficient in what it does and wants to be.I was surprised in feeling tense during parts of the last act and really liked the chemistry of Bullock and Tatum. Fantastic cameo by Pitt! I was not expecting, but this was really fun.
6 An Adventure Comedy with Channing Tatum, Sandra Bullock, Brad Pitt, and Daniel Radcliffe! Sounds dumb but maybe it will be fun.There were some moments that were funny, especially that leech scene shown in the trailer, but most of them felt flat. Tatum and Pitt were the only funny people. Sandra Bullock wasn't that remarkable. Daniel Radcliffe tried to be over-the-top with his villain, but he only ended up annoying. The adventure itself wasn't anything special either.Overall, there's little fun. 5-5.5/10.
8 The Lost City is a very funny and entertaining film, which in reality is all I expected and wanted from it.It has a story that is very predictable and derivative, but that doesn't mean its not a good time. The script is pretty well put together, with plenty of solid jokes and a premise that leads to lots of entertaining hijinks.Sandra Bullock is a fantastic comedy actress and she shines in this role. Her timing and delivery are on point, leading to some terrific laugh out loud moments. Channing Tatum is in fine form, as he really excels in these sorts of roles where he's given license to just have a good time. The interplay between the two of them was loads of fun to watch. Daniel Radcliffe was a bit of a weak antagonist, with a pretty weak performance to match I thought, so that side of things was a tad disappointing.Although it is unlikely to blow you away, The Lost City is sure to entertain. A charismatic leading pair, serviceable plot, and plenty of jokes that land add up to a very fun watch indeed.
2 Literally how stupid does Hollywood think we are. I can forgive a plot that is 90% lifted from romancing the stone but the dialogue is utter garbage. Unfunny and embarrassing. Go see the Dora the Explorer movie...much better script and acting lol. Also Sandra Bullock and her frozen face and huge wig are ridiculous.
1 I can't quite understand how these actors would choose to make such a unfunny comedy. The humor is so basic and simple that I can't believe the actors thought this would work. With movies like these it feels as though mainstream Hollywood is intentionally trying to dumb down the population or they have become so arrogant they think they can throw a few good actors together in a film that's made with 110% cheese! It's a cheese party and laughs and humor weren't invited! And the prized guests of the party were signs and facepalms whilst shaking ones head. Was this to make a quick buck? Maybe help out a fellow producer or writer who is a friend? Or maybe they just rely on the names to bring in the money, but I don't see how any of the stars in the film can actually watch this film and feel at all good about themselves and the product they've put out. It's just a complete and utter fail from the very beginning. All I was wondering throughout the film is "why?"
10 It's been amazing being back in cinemas after last year, I have seen some good films, and some shockers, this though, is the first great film of the year for me.The story is somehow easier to follow than in the last adaptation, motives and actions are easier to see and follow. I felt as though the book had come to life here, even if there are a couple of changes.The acting is impressive, as is the music, the visuals however are the most incredible thing about this film, it looks awe inspiring. The battles are epic, the staging is impressive, you almost feel close to the action, I cannot praise that element highly enough.When I saw Part one, I was a little surprised, I was a little more surprised by the ending, I only hope the wait isn't too long.Pacing, considering where the film ends, it never felt slow or drawn out, I was captivated from start to finish.Truly, I was blown away, 10/10.
3 Forgoing a lengthy analysis here's a list of things I disliked. Some spoilers.1. Every character, especially the leaders lacked charisma or gravitas. No discernible chemistry. I did not respect or care about any of them especially Paul. There was no emotion between Paul and his parents. They didn't even seem to care about each other but each parent was using Paul for their own purposes. Why should I care if house Atreides falls?2. Josh Brolin and his men constantly threatening the people who got close to the duke even though those people were guests asked there to help the duke... laughable.The duke yelling at his son about taking risks right after he risked everyone to rescue the spice workers..laughable.3 poorly delivered or non existent exposition. Mostly due to flatly delivered dialogue. Add to that weirdly edited dialogue sequences with people looking at each other randomly.4 the dream sequences were annoying... random shots of mostly nothing important. The only thing important about the dreams is to establish he is glimpsing the future and evolving into something else... just establish it and be done with it... stop interrupting the story with it.5 the entire movie had the most depressing color pallet..even before they got to dune. It was joyless.6 multiple instances of plot points not being foreshadowed or being discarded...for example knowing Paul's mother knows how to fight hand to hand would have added tension when they met the freemen. The scene where the emperors soldiers float down to attack in the desert..The freemen rise up out of the sand to battle then... next thing you see is the soldiers coming to attack Paul...what happened to the brave freemen trying to protect them? I guess I assume they all died. Another example... you never get a sense of how valued Dr Huey is so his betrayal falls flat. They are essentially betrayed by an insignificant character. You don't even find out why until the betrayal occurs... no tension. I could go on and on about flat or failed plot points in this movie.I liked the worms and the sense of scale about how large they were you get sucked into the sand as they approach.I like Skarsgard as the Baron... all combined 2 minutes of him. Even though he was channeling Brando in Apocalypse Now... it worked.
4 There is probably no point in warning about spoilers for this film. You've probably read the book or seen either the 1984 Dino DeLaurentis version or the 2000 Sci-Fi mini-series.... If you've seen either one of those, you've seen this movie. This movie only covers half the story, the sequel we'll probably never get to see will cover the other half.So how does it stack up? Not well, in my opinion. It's a loud, dull action movie, with an ear-splitting soundtrack. It has all the scenes you might have seen if you watched either of those two versions, but didn't do them nearly as well.At two and a half hours, it drags on. The Lynch version of the film was 137 minutes, and got the whole story in. This film leaves key aspects out, and only tells half the story, and it just goes on and on and on.To start, let's talk about characters. DeLaurentis got a cast of largely unknowns back then, many of whom went on to distinguish themselves. Kyle MacLachlin, Patrick Stewart, Dean Stockwell, Sean Young. Heck, even the little girl actress, Alicia Witt, went on to have a career as an adult. This movie uses a cast of people you've heard of, and their screen time is often based on "I know who that is." Other characters, more critical ones, were kind of shuffled to the side.I'll give two examples. A key point in the book is that the betrayal by Dr. Yeuh, (played here with no charisma by Cheng Chen) because as a Suk Physician, taking a human life is against his conditioning. No build up, no nothing, he just does it.On the other hand, because Duncan Idaho is played by Jason Momoa, he gets a lot more screen time than his presence in the book. (Duncan's clones become a much more important part of later books, but that's neither here nor there.) His final fight scene goes on interminably here, while they were quickly brushed over in the previous versions.Similarly, while Peter DeVries is a key player in the book, here they don't even mention him by name, and he's just "Henchman who gets poisoned". Other characters are omitted altogether, including Emperor Shaddam, Princess Irulan and Feyd Ruatha. Concepts such as the Mentats, Guild, Bene Geserit, are kind of glossed over to get to those sweet, sweet action sequences.The movie rises and falls on the actor who plays Paul Atreides... and again, he's actually closer to the age that the character is supposed to be at the beginning of the book, but he comes off as a little Emo.Again, trippy as it was, the 1984 version did this better. The Sci-Fi Channel did it better...
Now, this film really LOOKS good. The visuals are immersive. But without strong characters and story to back them up, what's the point? It's almost like watching a Transformers movie. The thing is, they HAD strong characters and a story... they just didn't use them.
9 Denis Villeneuve has accomplished what was considered impossible for decades, to write and direct a faithful adaptation to the fantastic 1965 sci-fi novel by Frank Herbert. And I'm here to tell you, he has done it, he has actually done it.I was introduced to the world of dune in 1992 by playing the video game DUNE released that year. The story completely captivated me, so i decided to read the book. And to this day, it's one of the best stories I've ever read. A tale absolutely grand in scale, and filled with details, making it really hard to adapt for the big screen, even today with all the technology we have at our disposal.I saw the film made by David Lynch, a few years after i read the book, and about 10 years after it was released, and i didn't enjoy it much. The 1984 film completely fails at capturing the very essence of the novel, and feels shallow and unfocused.One of the main differences with this movie and the 1984 movie, is that Villeneuve has only centered on the first half of the first novel. And with over two and a half hours runtime, he is able to concentrate more on the small details, than Lynch ever could. But on the flip side, this also means that this movie has no conclusion.From reading the book, i know what comes next, i know how this story ends. But a lot of people watching this movie, especially those who haven't read the book, can obviously feel like they were watching a prologue to something great, that never happens. This is a very risky move by both Villeneuve and the production companies, because this can only work if part 2 is released to conclude the story. It's kind of how they did it with "the lord of the rings" trilogy.But, still, without a conclusion, what a massive blast of a movie this is. I've seen it in IMAX twice already, and the grand scale of everything, the sandworms, the space ships, the ornithopters, the buildings, the sound effects, the soundtrack, the locations. It's epic in every meaning of the word. And all of this without losing track of the deep relationships between the characters. This is a movie that manages to perfectly blend massive awesomeness with true heartfelt emotions.The actors are near perfectly cast, all carrying their roles really well, although i felt some of them didn't get enough screen time.This movie does follow the book quite closely, but some things has been changed and/or left out to fit in a movie format, i must admit that during my second IMAX viewing, i felt that Villeneuve maybe should have adapted this as a mini series instead. But that would have dramatically changed the grand scale of everything, but on the other hand, he could've dived deeper into the lore. Two and a half hours to adapt half of the first novel, is cutting it real tight. And with all the stuff you are constantly being fed throughout this movie, it can become somewhat difficult to follow and understand it all.But that being said, I had really high hopes for this film, i was one of those people hyped beyond belief. I've been waiting for this movie for about 30 years. And still, most of this movie is either as i imagined it myself, or better.What Denis Villeneuve has accomplished here, is actually quite astonishing, he has actually made DUNE. It's finally here, it's gigantic, and close to everything i asked for.The only big drawback, is as i mentioned, that this movie has no conclusion, it's two and a half hours of build-up to something great, that never happens, but it's still a huge epic packed with an awesome soundtrack, solid acting, fantastic CGI and sound effects and jaw dropping locations captured with brilliant cinematography. It's most definitively made for the big screen, absolutely no doubt about that.Denis Villeneuve has once again shown us he's a force to be reckoned with, a brilliant filmmaker, and one of the best of his generation, even one of the best of all time.I give this movie a 9 out of 10. We need part 2, we need it badly. This story deserves to be concluded. But if it never comes, i will just imagine the last half of the first novel with this movie as the template.
4 I was extremely excited when I heard this movie was being remade. Though I enjoyed the 80's version I thought with todays' movie magic it could be improved. But after seeing the trailers I had my doubts, which were well founded. I was glad I hadn't paid money to see this and waited for it to come to HBOmax. What Peter Jackson got right with the LOTR movie adaptations this movie gets all wrong. The movie is disjointed and confusing. The only reason I understood was because I read the books. I had to keep explaining the way things should have gone to my husband who was bored halfway through. To make a movie like this you have to be faithful and really understand the important things about the story, the 80's version at least understood that. I will probably do the same thing with part 2 wait till its on a streaming service. Too bad, really sad about this one.
9 It's been some time since I've read the Frank Herbert novel, and I had already forgotten much of the story. However it wasn't a problem picking things up as characters and situations presented themselves in this film, so I'd have to say that was a plus for this viewer. The scope of this picture is quite outstanding, spanning as it does a complex and fragmented universe of worlds and kingdoms. Central to the story is the valued importance placed on a spice that's a preferred hallucinogenic for some, and for the elite, an important component required for interstellar travel. In the novel I believe it was something as common as cinnamon, but on the planet Arrakis, required an intensive mining operation to reclaim it from the barren desert soil in which it's found.The entire story is veiled with a mystical sort of ambiance in which the protagonist, Paul Atreides (Timothe Chalamet), learns of his destiny while obliquely being referred to as 'The One' of legend, a person who will come into great power. Quite honestly, the setting, costuming, characterizations and palace intrigue is all quite reminiscent of 'Star Wars', even if the original novel was written over a decade before George Lucas arrived on the scene. Even the hostile environment of Arrakis has the feel of Tatooine, with the appearance of the Shai-Hulud recalling the Sarlacc, one of Jabba the Hutt's favorite pets.What surprised me with this first installment of the Dune saga was how well director Denis Villeneuve managed to condense the epic scope of a massive novel onto film, even if half of the story is yet to be told. The movie incorporates the most critical elements of the novel into a narrative that works really well. Even though I actually did enjoy the 1984 version directed by David Lynch, this one proves to be more inclusive of events in the novel, and I look forward to a successful conclusion to the saga in due time.
4 I wonder what percentage of people who watch this latest adaptation of Frank Herbert's Dune have actually read the book; I haven't. I found the film about as dry as the desert world on which it takes place. It looks a million dollars (it should... it cost $165million to make), with impressive production design, wonderful costumes, and top-notch special effects, but the storytelling is dull. Does serious sci-fi have to be so po-faced?Timotheeee Chaletmaid plays 7-stone weakling Paul Atreides who gets sand kicked in his face by the Harkonnen, who launch a devastating attack after his family receive governership of the planet Arrakis, where the valuable commodity known as 'spice' is harvested. Surviving the assault, Paul and his mother avoid being killed by Harkonnen soldiers and eaten by giant sand-worms, and ultimately join forces with the indigenous people, the Fremen.Not being familiar with the source material, a lot of the finer plot details went way over my head, making the whole experience even more of a chore. And this film is only half of the story: director Denis Villeneuve has split the book into two halves, and is currently working on part two now that enough profit has been made from part one. I can't say that I'm particularly excited by the prospect of spending another two and a half hours on Arrakis.4/10 for the visuals, but not exactly riveting viewing.
6 Cinematically beautiful but ultimately soulless.I thought this adaptation would be outstanding- the main flaws are the abject emptiness I felt watching it. There wasn't the world building or the touches to make the cultures come to life or the world feel truly lived in.Another major issue for me was the casting. I absolutely do not appreciate Paul Atriedes- I find his character is whinging and unconvincing as a 'prophet'. Also, we've now seen this before, done so much better in films like the Matrix.Another issue I had was that the Harkonnen family is all but absent with missing characters. I loved how campy and over the top they were with such disgusting and toe curling prescene in Lynch's movie.
3 I'm amazed at the amount of praise this film has received but it seems like many of those who are praising it loved other "questionable" films such as the star wars sequel trilogy, candyman remake, jungle cruise, and the countless disney live action remakes. There are some good things about the film but it tries too hard to be taken seriously and ends too abruptly all to "set up" a sequel.There was some great actor choices but others were down right horrible, like Zendaya who is supposedly going to headline the sequel!As a fan of DUNE and have never enjoyed anything other than the written material, I was really let down by this newest attempt.
6 I have never read the books that Frank Herbert wrote. I have friends who were big on these books and told me about them and how the original movie adaptation was lacking much content. Apparently the books are laboriously detailed and complex.Immediately I noticed there is a lot more filler in this production. Is it needed? I guess it depends on the viewer. The first production by David Lynch was abridged and rejected by many, but I enjoyed it for the efforts and the constraints put on him by the executives. He had a limited budget and had to keep the run time down. This was pre-LotR trilogies and 3 hour movies were not acceptable.The second production I have watched is the SciFi mini series which was good but forgettable. It was too complex and detailed. That casting was more than acceptable and the effort in to special effects was visually entertaining.This production is amazingly wonderful visually. I wish I would have read the books so I have something to compare the scenes to, because it might give me a better perspective to what I'm watching.Several of the scenes in the first 35 minutes are very similar to the 1984 version of Dune. The hand in the box/fear is the mind killer scene I think was very well done. The fight scene with Gurney is good, I liked the special effects but the scene felt cut short.When I saw the trailer I was put off by the casting choices, specifically Paul. However, here I am in 36 minutes and I've been pleased with the most of the cast's performances. Again, I wish I had read the books so I would have a better understanding of the descriptions of the characters.Some of them are very similar to each production, but others are complete opposites! I do not care for Jason Momoa being cast. He seems out of place. I noticed the dramatic changes in male/female of some of the characters as well, the age and the height of them. I'm not sure of the book and the description given. I did like that they used an Asian for Dr. Yueh.I've never understood the plot where Dr. Yueh turns off the shields. This seems more like deus ex machina to me because the writer needed a betrayal. I don't care for how simple the process was for this character to commit the betrayal. It should have had more of a complexity to it. Then in the reverse, the whole "buy freedom for my wife" by putting a hollow tooth with poison in the Duke's mouth so he can blow the poison on to the Barron? That's about as complex and convoluted of a plot device as you can make, but they do one then the other back to back. It is a low point in the story.The one thing that immediately disappointed me is the audio. I normally listen to my movies on a 12/100 level while using headphones. Sometimes I have to raise the volume to 18 or 20, but this production I had to raise it to 58/100 just to hear some of the voices. The voices were not brought to the forefront. When a character whispers, you don't keep their voice at a whisper. You bright it forward in the audio track so it is raised above the music or the ambient sounds. I also do not like how the volume rises and drops when transitional music is played. The audio is definitely a problem, and this is a production issue. I blame the director and the audio technicians for this.There are several scenes which I feel aren't needed. When Paul is talking to the servant who is watering the palms. I didn't feel this was necessary. It is more filler than it is to story development.As I stated, there are many scenes which are not in either of the previous productions. I think many of them added to the story which I did not understand previously. Some of them are worthwhile, others are filler which the production could have left on the cutting room floor.Overall, I think it is a good script, produced in an attempt to be true to the book. There are highs and lows. Some scenes great, other scenes meh. I question some of the casting. I think they did as good as they could do given the two different productions before it, but failed to find a middle ground.
3 November 2021 Snail's paced bore. I couldn't understand half of what was said (not that it mattered). I was hoping the big worms would take over since they were more interesting than the lousy actors.
1 I was hoping Dune 2021 would more rigorously stick to the Book's plot and bring alive Herbert's detailed story in a way the compressed / compromised Dune 1984 could not. Instead D2021 glosses over or completely leaves out major plot points, changes key aspects of its characters, makes up new plots when convenient, or simply repeats certain scenes from D1984 with nearly the same dialog but without the necessary context. D1984 also has significantly better acting. Zendaya's acting is so flat the EKG wouldn't register. Timothee Chalamet's acting is similarly flat and uninspiring: For his Paul Atriedes, Spice is salt and very mild pepper. D2021's truly beautiful CGI can't compensate for the fact that no one watching the film cares one iota for the fate of any of its characters. Sad.
6 It physically pains me to leave a negative review for "Dune" and to give the film that I've been eagerly waiting to see for 2 years such a low score. Note: this was my subjective experience and I'm about to give my personal opinion on the film; I should mention that I am the only person I know who did not love it (although not many people have seen it yet). In any case, I suggest you still go see it in a theater by yourself and form your own opinion about it.A little intro for those of you who hear the word "Dune" in the context of a movie for the first time. "Dune" is a 60s science-fiction novel taking place in the time of advanced space travel. The family of young Paul (Timothy Chalamet) is burdened with protecting the planet Arrakis, a home to the most valuable resource in the galaxy: "spice". With it's hostile native people, giant sandworms and interstellar wars, "Dune" is described by some as "Star Wars for adults". This best-selling epic (which I haven't read) was not very successfully adapted to screen by David Lynch in 1984, but this 2021 film here was supposed to be The Adaptation that will please each and every fan and revive the epic story for the newer generations. The director Dennis Villeneuve has proven himself a master of filmmaking over the last 10 years (Blade Runner 2049; Arrival; Prisoners; Sicario). He seemed like the perfect man for the job, considering he did the impossible and made a sequel for a classic movie "Blade Runner" that turned out better than the original. As I saw it, "Dune" was supposed to be the biggest, the most exciting and the most expensive film of the year (just look at the cast), and the last time I've been that excited to see a film was probably Infinity War 3 years ago. I went for the best possible cinematic experience - IMAX 3D; and bought the tickets for the first release date in my country. Three hours later, I walked out of the theater in a bad mood. As they say: "my disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined". And, after pondering on it for two days, it isn't at all because I set my expectations too high.There is this little thing called "dramatic structure": how any dramatic work such as a book or a film are or should be built. There are obviously deviations and different versions of it (things like Memento and Pulp Fiction still exist), but probably the most commonsensical, useful and widely-used one is called the "Freytag's pyramid" and consists of five parts: exposition (introduction to the characters and setting), rising action, climax, falling action and resolution. They give you this structure in school as an essay-writing guide. "Dune" is a 2h 35min exposition. There is no plot. They forgot the story. The movie is finished before any kind of rising action begins. After waiting for two years and three hours, you get a National Geographic documentary "Life of Paul: Struggles on Arrakis". I admit that I had no idea Villeneuve had planned that Dune would be a two-part movie from the very beginning, but I also can't be blamed because it was not at all clear from it's marketing; judging by the fact that the whole audience looked around in confusion after the abrupt non-ending - I wasn't the only one. That really doesn't matter though, I did not come to the cinema to watch a three hour introduction to something that may never even be made - Villeneuve never got a contract for a sequel yet, it will only be made if this piece of work makes enough money. How can you make a film without a cohesive story that relies entirely on it's continuation without ever being absolutely sure that this continuation is in the making? Why would you ever face those odds and why not make at least something of importance happen in part one, so it can be viewed and enjoyed as a standalone picture?It doesn't stop there. Perhaps this is more of a criticism of the source material, but Dune is like a made-up history book with all-too real actors, politics and little details. It's like "The Martian" with it's extreme scientific accuracy, but here the author thinks up a world and maximizes realism, thinking through all the little details about how this world functions: trade, spice harvesting, religion, wars... Usually it's amazing that authors pay so much attention to details, but in this case it doesn't work. It feels like you're watching a drama-documentary about some ancient (despite it being set in the future) civilization with every meticulous little detail built in. Like, really? You had a whole universe of creativity at the palm of your hand, an ocean of unlimited potential, and you chose to simply dress "Earth geopolitics" in a science-fiction disguise? I felt like setting these artificial intellectual boundaries by tying the story tightly to real-life problems and patterns seriously hindered Dune's creative potential. My point is - I did not come to the movies to watch the news.The annoying thing is how contrarily perfect the cinematic and visual aspects of the film are - Greig Fraser's cinematography, strongly reminiscent of the work of Roger Deakins, does not get any better than this. The unimaginable scale of the film is truly Nolan big, and the IMAX sound makes you feel the sand brushing against your cheeks. You can almost feel a slight, subtle scent of peaches emanating from the main character. Also, despite the limited room to play around in, the acting is simply top notch, an admirable ensemble with every single actor in their perfect place. However, when it comes to the soundtrack by my beloved Hans Zimmer, it felt pretty plain - cool at times, but very far from remarkable in comparison to anything of his previous works, from Interstellar, Inception and Gladiator to Lion King. But all these positive elements could not have ever made up for the biggest failure of them all - the simple lack of story. I watched the movie with my girlfriend and my cousin. They both loved it and I asked them to explain to me in 2-3 sentences what the movie was about. They couldn't. And neither could I, because it isn't about anything. It's a three hour introduction to a film that may never come to exist.Honestly, the trailer was more exciting than the film itself.
1 Which is no high praise for that version, but I'd watch it 10 times over this poor excuse for a Dune film (or any film). Don't believe the 10* shill reviews here (per usual, why doesn't IMDB do something about this; it's a huge problem), this is a real $165mil clunker. Yet another film in the current tradition of pure hype, throw money, have blockbuster, that Hollywood has become. This is such a disappointment. As someone who has read the books several times and a huge fan, uuuughhhh. It's really slow, been done before, and no real ending. I presume there will be sequels? I can see a lot of movie goers will be upset, esp after sitting through a terrible film, then no ending. And it's not always faithful to the books, in ways which don't add anything or move the film forward. And no Feyd!For faithful fans, the gold standard is the 2000-2003 Sy-Fy miniseries, which covers the 3 books. The effects are done on a TV budget, but the worms, palaces, and other sets are top notch. It is very faithful to the books while being well paced and absorbing. I own this set and have watched it many times over the years. With William Hurt, Susan Sarandon, Saskia Reeves, Ian McNeice, and Alec Newman, it's a top notch cast and the acting is great. Wonderful character creation by all involved.Conversely, the acting in this one is terrible and for some reason, a lot of yelling is involved. Timothe Chalamet is a very lackluster Paul Atreides and gives his usual childish performance. Oscar Isaac is not even effective as Duke Leto, and if Isaac is not good, then there are very deep problems with this film. Rebecca Ferguson rounds out the film as Lady Jessica, but she, too, is just so lackluster. These 3 have the bulk of the film, so the advertised actors are pretty much cameos, as the bait and switch by the studio.The effects and sets are unimaginative and have nothing new to show. The ships are ho-hum and don't seem like what Herbert described, and I never really saw the worm (will take a lot to beat the worms in 1984 and 2000 versions). I did fall asleep towards the end, so maybe I didn't catch the full worm. Even the Freemen blue eyes are terrible, for which there is no excuse. They use some horrible gray digital grading that just sucks the little life that there is out of this college project (and not even good for that). The desert is NOT gray! Plus the outdoor scene of the Atreides green home planet is not green.I can't believe that in 2021 they couldn't do a better job for a whopping budget of $165mil? This is a travesty of gigantic proportion! I doubt they will recover the budget and don't deserve to. Just no excuse. You have been warned. At least stay home and watch it on HBO, if you subscribe, rather than risk going to the theater and spending so much. Trust me, it's not worth it. This is the worst film of 2021 I have seen. Didn't help that I watched the gorgeous Foundation premiere right before...
2 I'll admit, I saw this movie for free, but only that fact keeps me from giving this movie one star. Where do I begin? Well, let's start with something that is ever present in this film, the most ponderous and headache inducing score in the last ten years. Overloaded with deep base, it wears on the viewer like a necktie pulled too tight. As is so common today, if your ears are more than forty years old, the dialog is so muffled by the soundtrack and special effects that you'd better have a good idea of what the story is about. Having seen the, in my opinion, superior 1984 film, I could easily follow the plot.What is disappointing is the real lack of surprise or originality added to the film. It may be a more faithful telling of Frank Herbert's story, but that doesn't make it more enjoyable. The characters are dull and cartoonish. The rendition of The Baron Harkonen is nothing but a carnival fat man. I could go to Texas and see the same thing at any all you can eat buffet. The 1984 Barron was magnificently evil, and disgusting. A truly memorable performance. The new film shows no dramatic creativity. No nuance. We don't even get to see the Space Navigators at all. While we're at it, let's talk about the Paul Attrades character. The first thing that comes to mind is the title character in the movie Edward Sissorhands. His makeup, facial expressions (of which an upturned right lip seems to be his maximum effort) are just boring. I did enjoy the performance of the actress who played the shaddat mapes. She was the most interesting of all. All the other characters in this film, just look like dusty unimaginative and uninspired bit players. This film is just a bathing suit full of sand.
6 Although the film is called 'Dune', the opening title refers to it as 'Dune Part One'. I knew, when I saw this, it probably should have been better to wait for Part Two before watching it. As a result some characters felt underdeveloped, and some simply vanished halfway through the movie. They also kept talking about Paul Atreides (Timothee Chalamet) being 'The One', but the one for what? This somehow reminded me of Neo from 'The Matrix', also being 'The One'.Regardless, 'Dune' is a spectacle of note. From the stunning visuals, state of the art CGI, production design, and cinematography, to good performances from a stellar cast and a great score, this is one amazing movie. Sure, the film won't satisfy everyone's palate, and if you're not a sci-fi/fantasy fan, 'Dune' will not appeal to you. However, one can't help but be impressed by what they've accomplished.Ok, now, you can crucify me if you want, but for me there were some issues with the film. With the movie being so long, I later found myself thinking there's a hell of a lot going on, with very little happening. Maybe this is because this is not a completed movie (being Part One), but I didn't always understand the character motives, and I still don't really understand what Paul's real mission is. Spice is the most valuable substance in the universe, and I understand Paul follows in his Father's footsteps to preserve the spice production, but he is always on the move and I don't follow whereto. It sometimes also felt like they were holding back on the action sequences. Some of the action scenes ended so abruptly...Also, large parts of the movie reminded me of other films, like 'Tremors', 'The Chronicles of Riddick', and 'Star Wars'. Then a number of credibility issues. The film is set in 10191, but there were medieval elements here as well. Will they still be using scrolls so far into the future to read messages from? Will they still read books? Will they address leaders as "My Lord"? This, and their costumes, felt very dated.If the film was about 30 minutes shorter, it would have been much better paced, with all the unnecessary scenes on the cutting room floor. It was just too long to keep me entertained for the entire 155 minutes, no matter how astonishing the production values.Ok, now that I've had my rant, 'Dune' is still an incredibly well made film, and worth watching at least once.
3 If you know nothing about the books that form the Dune saga and care nothing about the man who wrote them, then you might enjoy this film.Alas, if you are a fan of Frank Herbert's work, this movie feels like a desecration of his legacy.Are the special effects good?Absolutely. They were able to use advances in technology to do things the 1984 film simply could not.While the backdrop of Dune is a bit stark, the visual aspects of this film are easily its most successful element.Unfortunately, beyond looking amazing, there is very little to recommend this movie.Is the cast good?Yes and no.They have attracted some enormously talented people to this project; however, several were clearly selected to push a certain ideology and therefore stand in complete opposition to the characters as written in the book.To be clear, they did not merely change appearances and genders, they altered the fundamental personality traits of several key individuals.Lest you think I am being too harsh, what bothered me about this film was not a lack of complete fidelity with the book upon which it was meant to be based.I recognize a to the letter translation of the Dune novels into cinematic form is simple not feasible.I do, however, expect them to respect the spirit of the source materials, which they did not.The people behind this movie obviously had an agenda and it was most definitely NOT to bring the Dune universe as Herbert created it to life.Most egregious among their abuses of Herbert's original text is that the changes they made were neither subtle, nor merely practical in nature.The deviations from the text present in this version were calculated to push certain themes that were never part of the Dune saga; consequently, they come across as ham fisted and almost profane.Personally, I also found the attempts to inject humor into this retelling of Herbert's story particularly off-putting and very poorly executed.I suspect there is a very good reason they decided to release this film internationally BEFORE they put it into American theaters.That reason being that Herbert's largest, most active fanbase is in the United States and they are not going to be comfortable with the way the makers of this film took liberties with his stories and the characters in them.My ultimate take away from Dune 2021 is that it is another case of the entertainment industry hijacking the popularity of an existing story to deliver their messages.That they waited until after Herbert's passing to use his vision to push their ideology reads as sick and supremely disrespectful.
9 Greetings from Lithuania."Dune. Part I" (2021) was amazing cinematic experience. This is a movie that demands to be seen on a big screen, no less. I haven't read a book nor seen previous version of it, therefore all things that i saw story wise were fresh for me. And i won't lie i did felt to be lost here and there, but at the end of the day the storyline was clear.The visual side of this movie was staggering. This is a 100% movie going experience. Special effects looked as real as it gets - if you enjoyed visual side of "Blade Runner 2049" you will get same here - grandiose sets, design, sound and all technical stuff - this movie at every scene looked breathtaking. Yet i wished cinematography was done by Roger Deakins, but still it was solid (but could been even better). Acting was very good by all involved - you can't ask for more from such a cast.Overall, few reasons why i did not gave it 10/10 is because it did felt like a set up of a story more then once - way more then once. Also there are some pacing issues here and there. And finally, this movie will loose ~80% of its visual side when watched at home in my opinion, this is a real movie going experience. But at the end i liked it very much and would like to see Part II - fingers crossed!
3 Dune 2021's cinematography is largely composed of muted browns and grays, desolate landscapes and buildings, almost all night-time scenes, a really depressing environment and VERY hard to watch, making it VERY difficult to stay awake. A good argument could've been made to do this in black-and-white. The pacing is glacial, you can feel your arteries harden, your hair start to gray. It's all dialogue of political and military strategy - can you conceive of topics more boring?! Huge monolithic sandworms that swallow mining machinery - that's gotta be good for their digestion! Action? Zippo, zilch until 75 freakin' minutes in! All the character surnames are distinctly non-English, more middle-eastern/asian, but then you have Jason Momoa's character named "Duncan Idaho" like some misplaced cowboy. There is modern, even post-modern high-tech weaponry on display, yet ground battles are done with Iron Age swords, what?! Properly edited, this could've run for 60 mins instead of the interminable 150 mins. We've had to wait almost 40 years (!) for a Dune re-make and this is a VERY VERY disappointing result, and it's only part one of two or three?! And no others have even been greenlit yet, so if it even happens, part two will be like 3 yrs out!
1 I don't get how most praise comes from settings and effects, it's 2021, most things look great, it's a nice world but that's not enough to be a great film.I get there's more than one planned but it kills the pace, it's so slow, so little happens scene fo scene, there's strange logic around space travel and on ground sword fighting, seems a mish mash to suit what they wanted to do aesthetically.The acting is wooden, cold and very little chemistry, dialogue is stale and done and let's be real could put 25 films up there swap the actors, costumes and set and it's the same theme, same tired story. Just boring.First film I've ever walked out of, I'm not interested in if the last 30 mins was perfection which I doubt, a film is an experience and that 2 hours was beyond boring.I find this kinda film the hardest genre to get into unless your that way inclined, most others there's normally something that hooks you, this just doesn't.I do not get how people think, it's almost like they're bored and confused so think it's automatically good. OddHonestly it's so boring. Soulless and played out... go see Ron's gone wrong.
1 I simply cannot stand the dead-eyed leads.Looking "wistfully" does not denote acting ability.It's like Hollywood had a board with every "big name" younger star on it and they just literally threw darts at it for the casting in this film.Just because you know their names, doesn't mean they'll actually have onscreen chemistry or fit for the roles.
4 Frank Herbert was a guy who stumbled upon a brilliant idea, completely failed to bring it to life on the page with his total lack of writing ability, and yet was rewarded for his efforts anyway when his book became a resounding success.I can't imagine how hard it must have been for him to write it. He could barely string a sentence together, and utterly failed to make multiple sentences flow. It must have been painstaking for him to write, and it was certainly painstaking to read.And yet it became a bestseller, and did for sci-fi what Lord of the Rings did for fantasy. People really don't ask for much when it comes to talent in writers, do they? Tolkien is another example. And Thomas Harris. Perhaps people read so rarely that they don't expect to find the writing engaging, and so don't notice when it isn't."Dune: Part One", the movie, is about as dull and lifeless in style as the book was in execution. There is even so little colour to its images that you may as well be watching a black and white movie. It doesn't even have an arresting look, for all the money that obviously went into it. And the actors are boring: what does Timothee Chalamet do, but look wan, pale and wide-eyed? And Jason Momoa and Dave Bautista? Jessica was really the protagonist of the novel, a strong, female character before that became a tired clich. And Baron Harkonnen was a pretty cool villain. Here the actress who plays Jessica is boring, and the always dependable Stellan Skarsgard is barely on-screen as the Baron.I often considered turning off "Dune: Part One". It was so boring and was never able to grab my attention. I stuck with it for some reason. Maybe because, for all its faults, at least it kept up a pretty good pace, never spending too much time with its wafer-thin characters. So I made it to the end. I shouldn't have bothered.
24 October 2021 About an hour of back story that really made no sense. The Atreades are on their own planet, so they take about a thousand troops to the spice planet to mine for spice, at the request of the Emperor. When the colony is attacked, that is the end of the Atreades? What happened to their home planet?A lot of the back-story did not make sense. Even worse, the pace of this movie was incredibly slow and boring. The story of the Fremen is not explained. Why are the Harkkunen evil? That is not explained. The Harkkunen have been making gigantic amounts of money from their monopoly on the spice planet, so why are they bitter?I had a lot of questions. The dialogue was not very helpful. The Mother and Grandmother have special powers, why? Nothing is explained about their sect, or why French lead actor, Chalamet, might be "The One."There is not much action until the last 40 minutes or so. The fact that the family doctor can turn off the alarm system and shields to the entire colony was incredibly lame. That nobody was awake to know they were being attacked was even more lame. That King Atreades had absolutley no security staff, and got his ass kicked by the skinny doctor was pathetic.James Brolin is the top fighter for the Atreades clan, and he does almost nothing in this movie. Jason Momoa is the other top warrior and he is marginal. Both of these actors are wasted in this movie. They basically do nothing except to encourage the French kid with standard cliches.Zendaya shows up in the same visions that are repeated numerous times in the movie. There is a constant mix of the Chalamet kid's visions with the actual reality, and that is confusing.
4 Well, where to begin here? Long, very long movie of a very slow pace, with very dark and gloomy lights, very dour mood and very depressing feeling overall. It produces a rather sour taste and this sand sees to ooze everywhere. Timothe Chalamet is OK, but he is not yet the star to save the whole production. Other more mature stars, like Rebecca Ferguson or Oscar Isaac seem to be slightly better off here but the whole plot does not allow the to be beyond very tight frames which stifle them a lot. Zendaya or Josh Brolin are so limited in their screen time that it is almost null and void. Maybe, Jason Momoa is the real winner here with his bright and powerful prsence.Generally, the aftertaste is dour and sour and leaves no desire to wait for the second part, as the unbearably slow tempo of the first part and dark brooding atmosphere produce very limited wish to persevere.I'd say I am not impressed. Surely, this one is better then the awful 1984 version but still leaves much too much to be desired. To tell the truth, this is not my Captain speaking.
2 Dune seems to hold this flawed belief in which it feels that as long as the special effects and science fictional action is worth a viewing on the big screen, it can get away with a completely empty and boring plot. At the end, although there's a really decent cast and the film uses fine direction, it's entirely and utterly flawed.There is not one single moment throughout this entire movie that's anything near entertaining or even mildly interesting. The extremely slow runtime of far over 2 hours is absolutely and horrendously painful. Denis Villeneuve takes the story nowhere and leaves it feeling worthlessly uninhabited. Already, it's a very difficult movie to remain focused on with all the overextended moments relying on confusing dialogue and ridiculous features to keep a viewer's interest. Because of this, Dune is undeniably lazy.Timothe Chalamet is forgettable in this movie. His performance isn't bad at all, but Dune absolutely crushes it with its terrible story. Sci-fi movies cannot get away just with decent effects, action, performances, music and other effective components, but the actual plot and design of the film can't be completely flat. Dune relies too heavily on great sound and visual effects, which is the reason why it's a messy waste of time.If you liked this review, check out the full review and other reviews at aussieboyreviews.
7 I wasn't really expecting a whole lot from the 2022 comedy "Metal Lords" from writer D. B. Weiss and director Peter Sollett as I sat down to watch the movie. Why? Well, first of all I hadn't heard about the movie, so I wasn't sure what I was in for here. And secondly, then the synopsis for the movie just seemed a bit too generic for a movie of this kind. But still, I opted to watch "Metal Lords".Turns out that "Metal Lords" was actually rather enjoyable. Sure, it was somewhat on the generic side in terms of innovation and creativity for a movie such as this. But still, it proved to be an enjoyable and entertaining movie. And that was definitely a large part because of the cast and their performances. But the storyline certainly was adequate enough.Lead actors Adrian Greensmith (playing Hunter) and Jaeden Martell (playing Kevin) were rather well-cast for "Metal Lords", and they carried the movie quite well.I will say that "Metal Lords" was definitely a movie suited for me, because I've been listening to metal since I was around 11 or 12 years old or so, and been playing roleplaying games for that very same amount of time, and I am almost 47 by now. So the metal references and the Dungeons & Dragons references throughout the movie were as if tailored for my interests.I was genuinely entertained by "Metal Lords", because it was a movie that transcended being just another run-of-the-mill movie about youngsters forming a metal band and going against the mainstream. There were also good elements of friendship, love, being an outsider and not a bland face in the crowd, and such, so it was a well-rounded movie.My rating of "Metal Lords" lands on a seven out of ten stars.
8 This movie rocked! Not only the kids acted great, but they were perfect for their roles: cute when they were playing it real, hard when they suffered and inspiring as rock singers. The film uses metal band shenanigans to tell the story of how young people feel and are treated by the world and how they treat each other, but it is never blunt or preachy and allows all characters to evolve. The more I think about the film, the more I like it.Also, awesome song at the end. Not really a metal fan, but even if you don't enjoy the rest of the film that much, the ending song makes it worth it.
8 I really enjoyed this movie, not just because I like metal but because it speaks of adolescence, of friendship, bullies, virgins, geeks, love and most importantly for me, it includes mental health as a real every day issue. Sweet movie.
9 So if I had to balance this movie in-between 2 spots it would have to be high school drama and metal music. This movie has a taste of both and it is not boring or uninteresting at all. Loved it and will totally see it again, if only for the music. Loved the acting and thought Mr. Martel is coming into his own very well. Cannot wait to see what he is in next!
10 It was almost refreshing!!! A little quirky - but lots of fun. It's not really a children's movie - it's got some mature language and elements to it - but it's fun. It's actually a refreshing change from a lot of the normal dribble! I'm giving it high praise just for being fresh!
8 It's th perfect movie for a weekend evening. It's a bit comedy, a bit drama, a bit teenage angst, a bit romcom and a lot of heavy metal noise. It also includes some great cameos from veteran heavy metal rockers.
10 I thought the writing was excellent and the acting swell and everyone did a great job! Totally fun and cute and sweet all the way around! I can't believe how fun and real and stylistic the thing was! I hope to see more of this! Very cool very fun, Thank-you Mr. Netflix whoemver the people are who get these things in there!
10 I've been a metalhead for 30+ years, I've been in bands my youth... This movie hit me so hard, I cried twice. Not exactly because of what was happening on screen, but the sudden rush of memories and the comparison between my life then and now. War Pigs, man, that song also always gets me, metal anthem.The girl, Isis Hainsworth, man what an actress!
8 This movie can be fully understood and appreciated only by a true metal fan, especially around fourty years old.The rest of you, wherever you are, just enjoy the film...
9 The 3 kids were great in this. Greensmith as Hunter was fantastic, possessed. Determined at a Metal band beyond all reason and common sense, a natural at comedy. Martell as Schlieb the ultra sincere nerd without a passion until he finds metal and drums. And Hainsworth as Emily the consumate possessed pretty girl in frump frocks that can rock a cello and Olympian javelin throw a clarinet.If this sounds good to you, watch it. I did laughing throughout the show esp. The Crusty the Clown segment...played perfectly by obsessed Greensmith and his plastic surgeon implant fondling laissez faire dad played wonderfully by Gelman.
10 More than a decade after School of Rock, I've liked a movie which is as genuine as it can get about rock and metal. This is a great movie for metal and hard rock lovers. Good to hear some legendary metal songs referenced in the movie. Ending is awesome. Machinery of Torment \m/
8 Really enjoyed this movie and I'm not even a metal fan! The subject matter was handled great and the characters were flawless !Good story, great music, overall a very fun film. Highly recommended.
10 Oh god I had so much fun watching this! So awesome!!! Metal!!!!!! 
All those who grew up with this music will feel the same!!! I was headbanging like crazy during a teenage netflix movie!!!
7 In all honesty this movie starts as a rambling, awkward mess which slowly becomes punctuated by moments of touching brilliance coming out of seemingly nowhere.Shy teenager Kevin traipses through high school all the while being dragged along by his best friend Hunter, whose dreams of becoming a metal god threaten to tear down the very two man band he's built. Together they traverse friendship, love, and most of all what it means to keep everything "Metal".While I was struggling to keep myself engaged in this seemingly flop of a movie, a poignant and well executed turn in the story made me sit up straight in my seat. From there on I was treated to what became an increasingly riveting story with characters that extended beyond the superficial.I was particularly touched with a surprisingly complex character suffering from mental illness, treated with finesse and a level of understanding that I can only surmise comes from real world experience.Overall this movie was not your typical coming of age teen rom com, and you can expect a somewhat sophisticated peek into the lives of teenagers finding their own, messy ways into adulthood and what it ultimately means to find acceptance in yourself and others.HEAVY. METAL. FOREVER!!!
8 Lots of references and nods to Metal and D&D. Captures the trials and tribulations of being a loser at school.Don't try to and analyze and critique this too much.....just solid fun, with some heart. Enjoy!
9 But beware the Justice for all TAB Book is full of mistakes. I sadly learned the record by this book...outschThe story is cool and there are 4 really cool cameos \m/The actors are great and the clichs are NOT exaggerated.
9 Being a rock/metal bassist myslef, I must declare my innate bias in favour of this movie.As a kid who grew up listening to 80s thrash metal, this move resonates very well with me. I loved the soundtrack and the cameos they pulled off for this movie.This film is just like the genre of metal, itself;You either get it. Or you don't.Fans of the genre will enjoy it on at least some level.
10 C'mon...it's a "coming of age" teen movie. Manage your expectations here. That said, I thought it was fun and well executed. The cameos alone are worth the watch. And there was a moment in the movie where I thought "well good for him!" ...Thank you Rob Halford of Judas Priest. All in, if you've got a couple hours to kill, enjoy the last 50 years of of metal, and want to see a positive spin on the genre, give this a shot.
6 My initial feeling going into this was that it was going to be like School of Rock. It didn't take long to see that this wasn't going to be the case. Despite it being a completely different movie, it still had all of the makings and opportunity to be just as good. Metal Lords could have and should have been an instant classic. It was not.As with ALL Netflix productions, the budget is there. Therefore the production is top notch. The staffing is top notch. The cinematogrophy is top notch. The music, especially here, was top notch. The writing and pacing? Nowhere to be found. Does Netflix hire tik tokers to write this stuff, or edit it?The three main actors were great for their rolls, but the script was inadequate. I don't blame them.There were moments that were unearned like the drum kit acquisition, the romance between the two leads, the moment of cheating at the wedding party, the invitation and discovery of the cellist, the check in and escape of the recovery center. These all could have been better fleshed out, but they blew through this stuff to make room for a bully, a secondary romantic influence, a mental disorder, and an unrealistic timeline to be prepared for a live show.There was no need for a bully dynamic in this movie, plus it never got resolved. There was no need for the false romantic interest since they had the actual romantic interest between the drummer and cellist.And why, why, why do movies insist on unrealistic timelines? We're not looking for suspense in a rock movie. If they need six months or a year to get ready, let them have that. But not two weeks.I'm not sure what the sideplot with the mental disorder was either. In a different movie, this might have worked. In this movie, it made a monster out of what should have been a great character.The fast lovers dynamic was icky. These are teenagers, right? Is this how they talk and progress into a sexual relationship these days? God help us if this is accurate.I like that the movie did not just try and immitate School of Rock. I like that it attempted to investigate some of these offshoots within the teenager dynamic. I think they played on too many negative aspects painting a bleak picture of what a teenager's life looks like. These were pretty awful teens with completely absent parents.If this movie could have established a point and focused on that point, this could have been a spectacular movie. Unfortunately it dabbled in too many topics and themes and had no identity. The poor characters had no identity.I give it a 6 out of 10 for trying and almost being something good.Maybe one day, Netflix will simply sign the damn checks and stop interfering with artistic liberties. I've seen brand name directors attatched to Netflix Originsls. I know they work together. Let them work.
9 Great coming-of-age film, a story of friendship, teenage, love, illness and of course... MUSIC. Very sweet and genuine.It kind of reminded me of Deathgasm (2015), in a way, except without the horror.I will definitely see it again, to experience the character development once more, I thought it was really well done.It's not Oscar material, I get it. But as a musician myself, it's hard not to love a film like this! This is what modern kids should see, in order to get a real opinion of what music really is.
10 This made me want to call all my metal head friends from high school & tell them about this movie! It was a great mix of emotion & humor with some EXCELLENT familiar metal hits. I also love a good underdog flick.
7 Even though not top notch production and the pitch of the plot and the knitting together of the whole productionsjalabaise feels a bit immature at moments. But the music is the drive, and loads of heavy riffs and raffs you get wether you like it or not, and the acts by the 3 mains are just as acustic as al di meolas guitarplay and andrew lloyd webbers celloloid and billy cobhams drumdrills, and it looks darn real for life.So if you have a wet dream to start a grungerockband or maybe a bandaid or just want to make your own hardrock movie, then youll have something to learn from and try to peel away some of the glitches made in this production, cause the grumpy old man doesnt think its perfect, but its massivly beautiful anyway.
7 Mini-Harry Potter and Young-Shia LaBeouf make a deadly duo in this musically engaging movie (you are in for a ton of heavy metal songs, stick to the end of the credits for a bit of relief for your ears).
8 Brought me back to High School... starting a metal was def a lot like this movie. Great fun but also so much drama! This movie was a very enjoyable tale about kids trying to find their way and backed by the power of being different and metal! Will be a classic on my shelf next to my Les Paul Guitar and Marshall Amp.
9 In a generation of garbage music, it was great to see a high school heavy metal movie. Good story, nice visits from heavy metal royalty, some funny moments, and overall entertaining movie.
3 Movies like Venom and Morbius need to be Rated R. They would be significantly better if they weren't restrained. And we've now seen multiple highly successful Rated R superhero movies (Deadpool, Logan). I'm BEGGING the movie studios to have the courage to go all out.But that's far from the only reason this movie failed for me. Venom was still awesome as a PG-13 movie. So why didn't I love this? I love superhero movies. I love vampire stuff. This should have been a layup for me. It didn't even have to be good. Entertaining and cool would have been enough.Unfortunately this movie is a complete mess. It's poorly made in most aspects. The story is disjointed, the dialogue is basic, the character depth is barely there, the relationships are superficial. But all of this could be forgiven if you just give me awesome, entertaining action scenes. My friend put it best: "The action was gibberish." You couldn't see anything.I really tried to like this movie. I tried forgiving the poor quality in hopes of some mindless entertainment. But it never came. And the climax/conclusion has zero impact.The only things that stood out to me as positives are one early action scene, and the visuals during the action scenes. The action itself is terrible, but the effects during some of the slow-mo shots are visually appealing.After a fantastic start with Venom (8 stars) and Spider-verse (8 stars), the Sony Marvel side universe has faltered with Venom Carnage (5 stars) and failed with Morbius. Please do better. I know you are capable of making great movies. (1 viewing, opening Thursday 3/31/2022)SPOILERS (also for Spider-Man: No Way Home)The mid-credits scenes are... puzzling. They show the sky-splitting effects from No Way Home, and the Vulture transfers to the Sony Marvel universe. I can't come up with any logical reason this would happen. In No Way Home, they sent everyone back to their universe of origin. But for the Vulture, that's the MCU. So why would he switch?On top of that, they have this super weak Sinister Six setup. And it doesn't flow with where the character Morbius is at the end of this movie. He seems to be "a good guy," but now he wants to join a villain gang? I guess you could argue that they're not know to be a villain gang at this point, but as a viewer it doesn't feel right.1) The post credit scene in Venom Carnage teases us with the possibility of beast Tom Hardy as Venom vs MCU Spider-Man.2) Immediately followed by a middle finger to the fans when No Way Home cancels that possibility by sending Venom home.3) Now this Morbius mid-credit scene debacle.I have to ask, what were they thinking?
5 Dangerously ill with a rare blood disorder and determined to save others suffering his same fate, Dr. Morbius attempts a desperate gamble.While at first it seems to be a radical success, a darkness inside him is unleashed.Will Morbius succumb to his mysterious new urges.....You know when a studio knows that a film may be in trouble, when they plaster the Marvel name everywhere on the poster, just in case nobody knows who Mbius is. And this film is a lot of trouble.It's nowhere near as bad as a lot of reviewers have said, but its the same as saying a hammer to the foot is better than the hand. It's clunky, unfunny, and worse of all, boring.Leto looks so uninterested with his character, and lacks the oomph that Mbius needs. Yes, whilst he is in vampire form, it's undeniably pretty cool to look at, but its all CGI and only took a green screen and Leto wearing a few ping pong balls. So Leto is a major problem, he's a good actor, and has been in some fascinating films, but this is him just phoning it in.The rest of the cast are okay, Smith is really chewing the scenery with his Milo, and whereas in other films he would grate like Ruby Rhod, he brings some much needed life to the film when he's ever in it.The nods to the MCU are so in your face, that it makes you wonder if the studio thought the audience would forget it's in the MCU. There is a daily bugle, and then the end credit sequences that are only there just to reiterate to the audience that they are watching another MCU film.The boat is named the Murnau a nod to Nosferatu, Mbius uses his lab like a gym, a reference to The fly. This just makes you want to watch those films, because they are infinitely better.And if the slow motion was taken out of this film, it would only be fifteen minutes long, there is that much in this film.It's too dark to be camp, too self-absorbed to be funny, and this is what the film desperately needs.It's one of those films that you will go back to again and again, just for the 'what the' factor.It's not the poorest comic book movie ever made, the remake of Fantastic Four holds that crown, but it's on a par with Superman 4 and Batman & Robin, rubbish, but for some reason you can't help but watch it every once in a while.
4 Weird and confusing camerawork, un relatable characters, soulless and generic.Sony needs to pay more attention at their SpiderVerse or give up the rights to Disney.One of the worst CBM in the last years.
6 Entertaining and very atmospheric, Morbius manages to serve up yet another helping of campy superhero indulgence despite many little flaws. I'll start off with the problems I had with this film- that mainly being its blatant editing and CGI. I know many people say this about a lot of superhero films, but coming from a horror lovers perspective- as well as fitting the atmospheric and tone Life director Daniel Espinosa seemed to pair within it- this movie really should have been rated R. It feels like Sony really did censor and edit this one as much as they could have, with the blood and violence being as limited as possible. It takes away from the experience as a whole, one moment in particular where a man acts like his throat is cut open but there is LITERALLY NOTHING THERE. Unsurprisingly, as with the case with a lot of films like this, the CGI can be a bit overused at times. For the most part I liked the look of vampire blood hungry Morbius taken on by Jared Leto- but other similar CGI and at times that CGI itself can feel a bit too ugly and forced for comfort. The fight scenes towards the end in particular are also overdone with CGI, and I just really wish Sony would have let the people working on this film give some life to the project instead of worrying about its box office gross. I know i've complained a lot so far, but in terms of a film- I oddly did enjoy this one for the most part. Sure it's messy, Matt Smith's character is a bit over the top and it has some formulaic moments- but it is a very entertaining film. Leto and Arjona give their all to their performances and it has a lot of cool ideas and concepts that are interesting to see fleshed out on screen- particularly with Morbius in particular as he begins to learn how to control himself. There's a lot of humanity hidden beneath the surface in this film though, even with some formulaic moments, there's a lot of depth and heart put into the titular character and it really allows you to empathize both with the film's story as well as Leto on screen. In the end, I enjoyed Morbius- it is far from perfect but it was a solid superhero endeavor and I'm curious to see what they may do with this character next.My Rating: 6.3/10.
6 "Morbius" is an Action - Adventure movie in which we watch Dr. Michael Morbius, a biochemist trying to find the cure behind an extremely rare blood disease. He infects himself and he is completely changed by it.I have to admit that I do not understand the reason behind the low rating of this movie. I am not saying that it's a masterpiece and it does not have any flaws but it does not also worth that low rating. I can understand that it's small duration didn't help the main character to evolve and I believe that there was not enough time for the end of it. The interpretations of both Jared Leto who played as Dr. Michael Morbius and Matt Smith who played as Milo were good and their combination worked very well. To sum up, I have to say that "Morbius" is a nice, entertaining action movie and I recommend you to watch it because I am sure you will enjoy it and I advise you to lower your standards before watching it otherwise you will be disappointed.
1 I collected comics, specifically Marvel/Spider-Man. Spidey was my favorite and this character, Morbius, was one of my favorite to battle Spider-Man. This aside, I won't bother presenting my detailed autopsy of this travesty. I will say that they strayed too far from the original story and made things convoluted. Why couldn't they just keep it simple. Instead they went off the rails with a ridiculous script. They took a rich and vibrant comic story and took a giant dump on it.
3 This is an early review. There are no plot details (spoilers) here, however if you want to go in completely clean, then skip the rest of this review. Not that there is anything to reveal.The basic set up as depicted in the trailers and advertising is that Michael Morbius is a doctor in the Marvel Universe who is afflicted by a rare and gruesome blood disease. Setting out to find a cure for himself and others of his ilk, he winds up becoming a vampire and proceeds to go head first into adventures in the same vicinity of Spider-Man. This is all in the marketing material that has appeared over the past two years.Speaking of the trailer, there is zero connection to other Marvel movies nor the MCU in this film. Essentially everything you saw in the trailers does not exist in this movie. Like at all. This is studio executive meddling and false advertising at its pinnacle.In terms of technical filmmaking, this is a mess. The action is a disaster. It harkens back to the disastrous comic book entries from the days of yore, a la the horrific Fan4stic, X-Men Origins Wolverine, Thor2 and Green Lantern. It's just one messy CGI PG13 cut scene after another. I don't know if the director, Daniel Espinosa or the studio are to blame, however, given the fact that Tom Rothman, the Perpetrator in Chief of Sony, was also head of 20th Century Fox back when they were churning horrific movies, my money is that the disastrous production that is Morbius is to be blamed on Tom Rothman and his henchman suits at Sony.
3 Dr Michael Morbius(Jared Leto, playing the role fairly lowkey, perhaps to avoid reminding people of Juggalo Joker. ...I mean, he's playing a vampire. Just saying, iIt's not unreasonable to expect some ham) has a rare blood disease. He figures that the answer is bats, and tests it on himself. Let's be honest, who of us wouldn't do that, in that situation? Of course, it goes wrong and he becomes a creature of the night, which is a slight upgrade from merely dressing, talking and moving like one.I am at this point slightly concerned that I may have made this sound more interesting, complex, and unconventional, than it actually is. In a lot of ways this feels like it should have come out 15 to 20 years ago. It's been in development for that amount of time, so maybe they just didn't do that much to change it anytime recently, to keep it up-to-date, since this is a subgenre that has evolved tremendously in that time? Without a doubt if this had come out one to two decades ago, we would be looking at it as a product of its time, rather than something that is completely out of date. It still wouldn't be good. Not even close. But we'd be going easier on it than we, rightfully, are now.Clearly Matt Smith is enjoying himself. And his enthusiasm is infectious. For a while I was thinking, "it doesn't really fit with the rest of what's on screen but it is fun watching him metaphorically dance all over the place". And then he started doing that literally. On more than one occasion. In separate scenes. The action is decent, although the meh, and at times possibly unfinished, special effects do make it harder to make out. This was clearly trimmed down, and a lot of the things we were excited about from the trailers are either majorly altered or a scene that is now just a clip with narration.I recommend this to those who miss the bad old days of the first Ghost Rider flick. 3/10.
6 6/10 - I don't know what all the fuss is about with this one when the quality matches that of either Venom movie and while I didn't love the visual design of the vampires, I thought the cinematography, VFX, sound design, and Adria Arjona (who is now on my "Actors to Watch" list) really elevated the relatively weak story.
8 Michael Morbius(Jared Leto) a doctor who is slowly dying from a rare blood disease, struggles to find a cure, when he thinks he has, but things work a little too well, until he discovers there's more supernatural to it, then he could have imagined.It was entertaining, but to much feels taken out, like it was supposed to be R rated, but they decided at the last minute decided to take out most of the violence in order to get a PG 13. Everybody plays there roles pretty well. Jared Leto does alright has Morbius, but the film itself is pretty cliched, but still fun and entertaining, and if that is all you want then Morbius does deliver.
7 Well movie start with a good note and it keeps you gripping throughout the time. Action sequences are mind-blowing specially the vfx are actually very better. Jared Leto was so perfect in Morbius role as well as the other cast perfoms well. Story was simple not that great but it gives you a different vibe as compare to other sci-fi films. It's a one-time watch if you like sci-fi superhero films.You can definitely enjoy once....
7 This is not your favourite huge budget Marvel movie like No Way Home, this is a introductory film of a somewhat niche character and if you compare any comic film to something like No Way Home it will fall flat. I went into this with an open mind and I had an enjoyable time. It's a different type of Marvel film with dark humour and I enjoyed myself while watching it. I am familiar with the character and have read the comics and I was not disappointed with what Leto and Smith respectively brought to their roles. I think if you are able to enjoy a film without nitpicking at it then you'll have fun with this.
1 Delayed a total of 6 times on its way to its eventual release this week around the world, Sony and Marvel's collaboration to bring its anti-hero Dr. Michael Morbius to life appeared to be one of those cursed productions that was doomed from the start and upon seeing this toothless and spineless comic book adaptation on the big screen its safe to say that the world would've been far better off had Morbius stayed delayed permanently.An incredibly inept feature from director Daniel Espinosa, who somehow keeps getting Hollywood films to make with significant budgets and name brand casts despite never actually directing a good film, Morbius feels far removed from most brands associated with the Marvel name as its $75 million dollar budget is nowhere to be found on screen as a blur of video game like CGI, amateurishly scripted scenes and poorly acted characters hog the films lifeless 100 minute runtime that can't come to an end quick enough.Failing as an origin story, with Michael's entire history set-up in one cringe-worthy flashback scene, an unnerving vampire tale and an action comic book film, it's hard to know what Morbius thought it was doing with its potentially entertaining material as Espinosa lets his leading man Jared Leto flounder in yet another high profile role that begs us to ask the question about his talent as a Hollywood leading man while he as a director ensures Morbius is nothing but an enigma of a character lost in a diabolical story that's hard to recall even mere minutes from walking out of the cinema.Sometimes with films that fail as badly as Morbius does there's snippets of what might have been found within them, moments that show not all hope was lost at all times but that's not the case with Espinosa and Leto's blockbuster that truly has no moments of escape from its grim, shaky cam filled collation of cinematic rubbish with the only slight glimpse of a better film coming from Matt Smith's villain Milo (yes that is what he is called throughout most of the film, Milo) with the well-liked one time Dr. Who at least appearing to have fun with his role while everyone else is about as enthusiastic as a bloodsucker heading into their coffin for a day time nap.Undoubtedly developed by Sony and Marvel to play a key role in the future with both Venom and Spider-Man properties, its hard to imagine how anyone will get excited coming away from this when it comes to the prospect of more Morbius being present in the biggest movie brand name going around and despite an attempt mid-credits too get audiences enthused by what may lay in store for Leto's charisma free biochemist in the near future, most will be merely rushing to the exit door to escape what is quite possibly the worst Marvel film we've yet seen.Final Say -Things never looked to good for poor old Morbius but not even the most pessimistic of pundits could've expected a film quite as bad as the one we get here, a DOA offering without purpose, intent or creativity, Marvel would do well to ensure Morbius never awakens again from a very long and hidden away slumber.1/2 a blood bag out of 5.For more reviews visit Jordan and Eddie (The Movie Guys)
7 Much like venom it seems people are going to either love or hate anything from the Sonyverse. Some hate it because it's not in the MCU and still uses characters from the MCU spiderverse. Some love it for its more dark delivery and darker comedy. I actually enjoy what Sony is doing by making movies for the more vicious anti heroes while making them grounded for the most part. The MCU rarely touches on those important details. Morbius is very much like the first venom in its set up. Gives a nice origin story with some intriguing body horror and more gruesome than normal imagery for a comic book film. Definitely has some scattered plot pieces but it's serviceable. Also leaves more room for expansion in the world if the Sonyverse. Leto was great imo and still proves he's a fantastic actor. Visuals are very effective and vibrant. Overall the film is what I expected and it was solid.
7 3.5 out of 5 stars.Morbius is a pretty fair superhero film that may be thin on plot and decent action sequences. It does add an entertaining adaptation bringing in another character that is supposedly a Spider man villain. May not be as fun as the Venom movies. Jared Leto does a great job playing a sick Dr. Michael Morbius. Who is on a desperate search for a cure from his blood borne illness. Which one will be leading him into becoming a vampire. Adria Arjona also did great playing his love interest. Matt Smith is a bit flat with his character and also playing a villain that is one dimensional and forgettable. Jared Harris playing as Morbius mentor is also thin with his character. Along with Tyrese Gibson which the script did not give these characters anything more besides be on the hunt for Morbius.The film is very fast paced. And the script does not give much character development with any of the supporting characters besides Michael and Martine (Adria Arjona). The plot is thin and may not be as strong. The action sequences were okay. With the fast movements with the characters and editing which makes the scenes more of a chore to see than increase the entertainment value.If your looking for a quick superhero escapism in the theatres this film will be great. The direction did not do anything new to make it stand out compared to any other superhero films. There is a mid credit scene to give you a hint on where this character will be placed in the universe. The film is not great but still delivers some entertainment.
10 There are many Marvel Legends. But none are quite as striking and engaging as Morbius. Jared Leto brings this fierce character to life and shows he has more layers than any character from Copshop.There was a certain scene involving Morbius' bat powers that made the audience cheer harder than seeing Channing Tatum's leech-covered behind in Lost City of D.An iconic moment is Morbius saying 'I am Venom'. This is funny because you think he's venom. Then he says 'only joking dr micheal morbius at your service'. This is clever because is not venom but rather morbius, so he made a reference to venom in a subtle way and then he reminds the audience who he actually is.Matt Smith was baddie smith and was a mega wowow lil scrappy instanity elden lord ultra uber hitman bodyguard mega core scrap lord.Morbius is a baddie and a half. This marvel legend keeps me up at night with how epic he is, i can't sleep thinking of any scene jared leto is in.
5 Greetings again from the darkness. Trust the science, they said. Dr. Michael Morbius is a brilliant doctor/scientist who has devoted his life to formulating a cure for the rare and crippling blood disease he and his friend Milo were born with. This is an origin story pulled from the Marvel comic book characters created by Roy Thomas and Gil Kane. The film is directed by Daniel Espinosa (LIFE 2017, SAFE HOUSE 2012) with a script adapted by Matt Sazama and Burk Sharpless, who previously collaborated on DRACULA UNTOLD (2014) THE LAST WITCH HUNTER (2015) and GODS OF EGYPT (2016). Sometimes past work tells you what you need to know.An opening sequence features the always cool shots of a helicopter zipping around the water and cliffs of Costa Rica, before landing at the mouth of a cave that houses zillions (I counted) of vampire bats. The brilliant Dr. Morbius plans to blend vampire at blood with human blood in his latest try at finding a cure. All of his work is funded by the ultra-rich and equally suffering Milo, both men desperate for relief from their deteriorating bodies. We flashback 25 years to a clinic in Greece where young Michael (Charlie Shotwell, CAPTAIN FANTASTIC, 2016) and Milo (Joseph Esson) first meet as they are being treated with regular blood transfusions by Dr. Nikolis (Jared Harris, "Mad Men").Jared Leto stars as Dr. Michael Morbius, who is known in Marvel comics as "The Living Vampire", so we kinda know where things are headed. It's a surprisingly subdued performance by an actor renowned for his characterizations that are anything but. His grown-up friend Milo is played by the always entertaining Matt Smith, and Morbius' love interest and research partner is Dr. Martine Bancroft (an excellent Adria Ariona). You've probably guessed that the blood blend works ... right up until it turns Morbius into a blood thirsty killing machine. This puts FBI agents played by Tyrese Gibson and (master of wisecracks) Al Madrigal on his trail. And yes, we know this is headed to the high noon (or midnight) showdown between childhood blood buddies and it's the do-the-right-thing Morbius versus the 'hey, I like this superhuman power' Milo.The first segment of the film does a terrific job of setting the stage, but the story, the characters, and the execution let us down for the final two acts. The fight scenes feature some of the worst special effects I've seen in years. Sure, the film's release has been delayed a couple of years, but that's no excuse for what we see. On the bright side, some of the effects do work, and Matt Smith is fun to watch in a couple of his scenes. We do wish for more of Martine's story, and for a better story overall (after the intro). The film is part of the SSU (Sony Spider-man Universe) and perhaps its best comparison is VENOM, sans the chuckles. It's clear this film's mission was to set the stage for a sequel, and that becomes even more obvious in the mid-credit scenes. Normally, I wouldn't mention this, but since the director has already discussed, and an appearance was made in SPIDER-MAN: NO WAY HOME, I believe it's fair game. The great Michael Keaton pops in as Adrian Toomes (aka Vulture), giving us an indication where the sequel is headed.Opening in theaters April 1, 2022.
2 No surprises this was awful. Jared Leto is terrible and Matt Smith was annoying. CGI was laughingly bad and the slow-mo action and wonky editing made things borderline unwatchable. Writing was all over the place too with some terrible dialogue. There's little fun and it took itself way too seriously. Honestly, this made Venom seem alright in comparison.2/10.
7 FIRST OFF: I scrolled down through some of these reviews, I understand, and agree with some of the criticisms I see about this film, others.. well I can just see you really want Spidey & Company back at Marvel & I do believe it does help cloud the judgement just a bit & I get it, now am I saying this movie is perfect? NO. Is it good? Well, no. But it's okay. To go to the extreme that this movie is the second coming of Fantastic Four (2015) is an extreme to me, and If you disagree, you are entitled to your opinion, but I will just advise you to go rewatch it again.Morbius is a cool little movie, that I see as a bigger risk than any of the previous spider-man related projects it has dropped, while I, being a comic reader for most of my life wasn't jumping for joy when it was announced, I threw my respect for trying it at least. The product was what I pretty much expected; the films' story does what it can with what very little it has to work with, it's not groundbreaking, but I will say I was able to look through it's basic dialogue, and story errors to see great performances from both leads (Leto, Smith) The CGI, I believe was worth my price of admission, and I RARELY mention that as a positive on any review, I was pretty impressed and had no reason to be. The action scenes are really cool, have some fascinating shots, and feel somehow immersive, leaving me with this feeling like I almost was there seeing him experience some of the beauty in some powers. There are a few moments that story wise you will scratch your head or ask yourself if you missed something & I believe I fault that on the runtime and I also question what may have been left on the cutting room floor as I had noticed a couple of scenes from the trailer missing from this movie, which I really hope didn't happen but I understand this is a typical studio decision, even though 2 hours is average for a blockbuster. An additional, and final criticism I do share with some is that this absolutely should've been rated R, no question about it, and it probably would've hit better, but then again the budget cut would've probably gave us worse looking CGI.At the end of the day, check it out if you're thinking about it, if you're on the fence, just don't.The real lesson is... Film Studios.
6 Underwhelmed as I left the theater, I thought maybe I missed something but my trip here to the review pages confirms my opinion. Forgetting about the Morbius character's ties to the Marvel Comic Book franchise, this is basically a run of the mill vampire flick, and unfortunately, it doesn't break any new ground for the genre. The story is somewhat ordinary, as Michael Morbius (Jared Leto) seeks a cure for a rare blood disease, and by experimenting with bats, manages to turn himself into a creature of the night. His childhood friend Milo (Matt Smith), who helped fund the research for a cure, self infects with the same serum and discovers a lust for power that comes with the transformation. It's a pretty tepid plot line that results in some head scratching CGI considering how far special effects have evolved to the present day. More effective is the virtually seamless facial metamorphosis from human to vampire and back again, but it's something you expect nowadays and not particularly innovative. It all brings into question why the filmmakers would go for such a tired and formulaic approach for a vampire super-hero. When all is said and done, you can't even say that Morbius came out of the picture as a good guy, as his options didn't suggest much more than defeating Milo's alter-ego in a final vampiric showdown.
7 This movie is definitely not as bad as the critics have rated it. It's nothing amazing but it's not horrible either. Storyline was very predictable but far better then most cheesy crap that comes out. I'd give it a 6.5 nothing amazing but slightly better then average.
7 I have to admit that I had really been looking forward to watching "Morbius" ever since I saw the first trailer. And having been reading the comic books, I will say that Michael Morbius is one of my favorite Marvel characters, so it was nice that the character was finally brought to the big screen.But then the movie was delayed and delayed again, and once finally out a lot of bad reviews were swarming the movie, so I was actually somewhat reluctant and hesitant about actually sitting down to watch it. But I decided to ignore the bad reviews and go see how the movie would treat the comic book character.Writers Matt Sazama and Burk Sharpless managed to put together a fair enough storyline. I will say that it was aimed more at an audience fully and wholly unfamiliar with the Michael Morbius character. And I can understand that approach to the first movie with the character, as to introduce a whole new audience of viewers to the character, and not go in on the deep end and do fan service to us whom have been reading the comic books for years.Personally I had hoped for a bit more in terms of story, but it was actually adequate enough in terms of entertainment. An origin story for a character new to the cinema screen is in its place, I suppose.I was also somewhat hesitant about it being Jared Leto to don the mantle of the living vampire, given the swing and miss performance of Joker in the 2016 "Suicide Squad", but then again he was amazing in the 2000 movie "Requiem for a Dream". Thankfully, then his performance as Michael Morbius was quite good and actually was suitable for the character from the comic books.Visually then you are in for quite a treat, given the fact that this is a Marvel movie. The CGI and special effects are quite impressive in the movie, as they are in all Marvel movies. So if you enjoy flashy CGI and special effects, then "Morbius" doesn't disappoint.All in all, then I will say that I was more than adequately entertained by the 2022 movie "Morbius", though I had hoped for a bit more in the story department. But hopefully the future will add more layers to the character and his story.My rating of director Daniel Espinosa's 2022 movie lands on a seven out of ten stars.
8 Morbius is not a perfect movie but it's a fun and entertaining ride. It's a comic book movie and yes, it won't win an Oscar or other awards. But it's still not that bad how some people make it seem it is.Definitely worth watching and seeing it for yourself before being scared off by reviews that are not even slightly accurate.Just my opinion :)
7 I'm not sure why there is so much hate. It's definitely a darker Marvel movie. Everyone did a good job in it and I think the two leads were well cast. There were a few plot holes but the graphics and camera angles were awesome. It was a good origin story.
6 Someone on BBC1 asked Jared Leto about this, but I had it in mind before. And I think the Bat Man joke is too obvious to be missed out on. And that he is being played by a guy who also portrayed the Joker.That aside, I can see that some people don't like the movie. The CGI isn't that good - especially considering the budget this must have had. There is also a dance (by the main villain) that reminds us of the bad dance by Tobey Maguire in Spiderman 3 ... also as cringeworthy as the one from back then. We then also get a Kayser Soze moment. Well not as iconic as the one from the Usual Suspects ... but it still is there.We have a lot of scary faces, but not a lot of blood. Considering the violence and the death that are occuring ... this does not display them as visual as it could. But if it did, this wouldn't have gotten a PG-13 now would it? While this is a Marvel character, it is owned by Sony .. but as you may be aware there are other things that seem to get .. into the mix. One of them has an appearance during the credits ... in two scenes. No scene after the credits .. but those two scenes suggest something that Jared Leto has already hinted at himself ... an new Universe is building ... well if the powers to be and the box office allows them to.Not a bad movie overall, but lacking a few things, even though the actors and the cinematography are not to be blamed (the latter has some bad moments especially during the last fight, where I couldn't tell where up and down was) ... sound was amazing, but I watched it in an Atmos cinema, so there's that. Very flawed but not as bad as some probably think it is ... it is an origin story and is quite stale pace wise ... but it is what it is.
7 Low expectations were what I had when the trailer first appeared on my phone screen. I wasn't even interested to watch it 'till the end. I would roll my eyes on the animation style, it's not eye-catching nor it is impressive.But damnnnnnnn! I wasn't expecting it to be good. It's a feature animated film filled with genuine laughter, comical characters and an above the par plot.The caper team consists of Wolf, Tarantula, Piranha, Snake and Shark, all of which play a different archetype from one another. This team of 5 is evil and yet, you might find that their personalities are very likable, charming and even approachable. This is the heart of the film, the element that keeps the audience entertained aside from its narrative.Ocean's 8 meets Zootopia, this is what The Bad Guys is. You may find the first heist somewhat similar to the all-women Ocean's. There's the restrooms, kitchen tray trolleys, red-carpet staircases, hackings (pretty much every heist film), red laser traps, all of which resemble strongly with the mega heist of the Met Gala in the said film. I found TBG better than Zootopia, which I PERSONALLY found it to be overrated. However, those who love Zootopia will also enjoy TBG as it implies similitude to it.Running for over 100 minutes, The Bad Guys never stops with its steady pacing, putting audience in an enjoyable ride from start until the end.Lo and behold, you wouldn't expect how many twists they are in this. It's a plot twist on top of another plot twist. Just when you thought, there you go, they have revealed all the twists, the film comes in with another unexpected twist , showing that you have also been deceived by The Bad Guys. When you look back at it, it's amazing that all the twists don't come as a force, but rather it oozes naturally, making it a perfect fit to the whole story.The animation style is better than what I had visualized in my mind. Looking at the trailer, I thought it was mehh, but the pencil-like motion drawings got better as time went on. It took a bit of time to adjust but eventually, I liked it.On the other side of the cell, I believe that TBG should offer a larger team than mere 5 animals. It would have been so much fun, exciting and the stakes would be even higher!All the animal outlaws are excellent however, I must say, I'm a little disappointed with their back stories, because there is almost none to begin with. They did introduce each member in the beginning, but I wanted to know where all of them came from, how they can coexist and walk the earth with humans, and how the group was formed in the first place. I know, I'm aware this is an animated film but what a solid story they could have to an already excellent plot.Rounding up, The Bad Guys is definitely in my top 5 films of 2022 as we almost end the quarter of the year. Let's see what the future has in store for animated films!Verdict: If there is one thing The Bad Guys taught us, it's to never judge a film by its trailer.
8 This one, as another reviewer has already said , has wonderfully written characters (obviously - written and performed). It's not original - I couldn't care less - once again: originality as is, is overrated in my personal book. So despite obvious similarities with Zootopia I still enjoyed it wholeheartedly. Some of the plot twists can be spotted miles ahead - it doesn't matter. Once we got to know and like these lovely characters we just want to see the story through and know how it all ended for them. Only problem is - most of the climax of the movie doesn't really make sense. Or to put it simply, think it out carefully and you'll realize - it couldn't happen the way the movie explains it. I'd give it 10 stars if it was making sense. And then again - it's not as important as it could be in other movies.Must add some words regarding the cast. They're all wonderful but I can't avoid special mention for Sam Rockwell, it's not the first time I see him but I can promise from now on - I'll make it my business to notice him; Marc Maron is also superb as snake; Zazie Beetz is always unforgettable, and she does it again, and the exact same thing can be said of Awkwafina.To some it all up - if you don't have a special agenda against fun movies - you'll love this one.
10 The new DreamWorks film seems very ambitious and something that I have never seen from them before, which is crazy, so it's based on the wonderful book series by Aaron Blabey, along with a all star cast and directed by Pierre Perifel who worked on the Bilby short from the studio, most of their recent films have either been fun or mediocre, How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World was the last DreamWorks film that was amazing with everything else in between being just not as strong and even forgettable, but with this there's definitely a lot of hype surrounding this film from the way it looks and the wacky sense of humour and I am very excited about this, I did read a few of the book in preparation for this film, so I saw it yesterday at a early preview or "see it first" if you will and..... no joke, this is the best DreamWorks film in years, I'm not kidding, this is exactly what I wanted and this is what I missed about their writing and style, so let's talk about it!The biggest praise I can give to this film is the animation is quite mind blowing (no pun intended), it seems to take inspiration from the likes of Spider-Verse, Mitchells Vs. The Machines, Zootropolis and even Captain Underpants too, it's stylistic, it's bright, fast, with so much great attention to detail, along with superb characters designs since the bad guys look so unique and expressive in all the right ways, it has the zany cartoon effects too, the animation really takes advantage of cell shading, but it also makes the characters stand out as being memorable and funny as well, all the characters are fantastic, I loved all of them my favourites would
Be Mr. Wolf (Sam Rockwell) Mr. Snake (Marc Maron) Diane (Zazie Beetz) and Professor Marmalade (Richard Ayoade), even the minor characters one are funny as heck, but it's thanks to the cast who brings these characters to live in a unique way!, Sam Rockwell is just charming as Mr. Wolf, Richard Ayoade is always a pleasure hearing his voice in anything, the rest like Anthony Ramos, Awkwafina, Craig Robinson and more are all great and have distinct personalities, heck a lot of them are almost identical to the original source characters, the score by Daniel Pemberton is really outstanding in many ways by how cool and easy on the ears it is, of course he did the score for Spider-Verse so it makes sense to bring him to compose the music for this film, along with a soundtrack that I very much dig, the story maybe the same ol' villain might be hero story like Megamind or Despicable Me, but this at least tries to do it differently and even the conclusion is very satisfying!, so the filmmaking with this story is incredible, this film is the definition of laugh out loud, every moment and joke was funny, even the toilet humour was unique and purposeful to stand out and actually be funny, while also having a nice heart to it, I mean the bad guys are doing good after all, along with a few good twists even the ones you know will eventually come, the action is incredible and so much fun to watch along with creativity also, it's what anyone would want in a film like this!, although with a few changes, it still keeps some elements of the book afloat which is really nice with some nice references too.Guys what else can I say but this is nothing short of fantastic, the Bad Guys is the best DreamWorks film in a looooong time, it's definitely return to form in terms of well-written DreamWorks films!, it's stylistic, hilarious, new, unique, fun, visually wonderful and captures the spirit of the book rather well while bringing new elements to the world of the Bad Guys that'll make it more and more unique, along with excellent music and a strong cast of characters, I don't have any complaints at all, it's a perfect film for the family to watch, if you are a fan of the studio, see it today since it's early previews in the UK are still going or next week when it officially hits UK cinemas over here very soon, some of the other countries will have a wait a bit longer but it'll be worth it in the end, this is my favourite animated film of the year and one of the best films of the year also!, I'm happy to see a DreamWorks film that isn't in any way mediocre or boring, I loved this film so that I hope to see more of this and not more sequels, also Trolls related media.I'm happy to give The Bad Guys a 10/10!
9 The Animation Style was so good i really love it 2D but it's 3D if im not wrong its called 2.5D, i like The story to not to fast and not complicated and... i like The plot twist it has a twist and a twist again. All the Best about this movie was the Animation Style i like the new Dreamworks Style i think like every production House of animation Try a new Style like Pixar did after "Soul". You should Watch this with your family now on Cinemas.
9 Highly entertaining villain/good guys story that is lovable for all ages! The colors are so vibrant throughout and heartwarming character driven great time; I bet the actors involved had a lot of fun. The Bad Guys are great thieves for good or bad reasons with the encouragement of push pops and life long friends. I loved this more than I could've imagined! The soundtrack is amazing and the story flows very well, I'd recommend to anyone.
8 I completely agree with the first reviewer: I had low expectation after seeing the trailer, too. But "The Bad Guys" turned out to be a very clever movie, well-made, with a sophisticated script, and fast-moving. Most importantly: It's not taking itself too seriously. I mean: A shark as a master of disguise!?I don't know (yet) the books on which this movie is based. Oviously the story is also inspired by the various Ocean's 8/ 11/ 12/ whatever-movies, but it is definitely an over-the-top-version of these caper movies. These movies always tried to be believable; "the bad guys" tries to be fun. And it succeeded in that!
9 Imagine Oceans 11, the car chases from Ronin, Bullet, and Blues Brothers, along with the crazy humor,with great animation, it's all here! I've seen it twice with the previews we had here and it opens fully in the next few days, I will see it a third time. There are some problems, which really, don't soil the film at all, the pace is fast in the action the driving scenes, the dialogue is snappy, and the voice acting is spot on, but best of all, it is very funny and entertaining. The music by Daniel Pemberton, he did, Into the Spiderverse, is rocking from start to finish. Even the end credits have story going into it. It's in my films of the year list and this 2022 has had some gems, already.
10 I didn't expect to have as much fun as I did and it was honestly hilarious and the animation style was absolutely gorgeous. Saw an early screening on the 27th of March (yesterday) and I can't stop thinking about it, already booked a second ticket for the opening night on April 1st!Would absolutely recommend if you love animated films!
9 I really enjoyed the movie. It's funny, the action scenes are very well done, the characters are charming, the dialogues are excellent and the animation style, in a mix of 2D and 3D, is the icing on the cake to complete an (almost) perfect animation.'Almost' because the plot was pretty average. It's interesting and even brings a nice message, but I think it lacked a little more development, especially in making the movie more unpredictable. Halfway through the movie you already knew who the villain was and how the movie was going to end. They even added multiple 'twists' to make the story more unpredictable, but almost all of them were far-fetched and failed to surprise me.Despite that, this movie was a breath of originality from Dreamworks after a decade of bland animations. I'll give it a solid 9.
9 I remember watching the trailer to this movie back in 2021, back then, I said "A DreamWorks movie? That will be mediocre", and I'm glad to say that I was very wrong; The Bad Guys is a fun, fast, and very uniquely animated movie, it's consistent without being boring, this movie is a lesson on how to do animated movies in a time where all of them lack the creativity the 2000s had, this movie never plays it safe, the plot itself is sometimes predictable but there's a lot of twists you weren't expecting, this movie gives twists after twists, some of them are very predictable, others aren't, this is my only complaint about this movie.Now the Holy Grail of this work is definetly its characters, all of them are so memorable, comparing The Bad Guys characters to this year Encanto and Turning Red it really shows that Pixar should invest more on how they are creating their characters; Mr. Wolf, Diane Foxington, Mr. Snake, Mr. Shark, Professor Marmalade, all of this characters with its excellent voice-acting bring so much life to The Bad Guys, they manage to accomplish someting lacking on today's animated-movie industry, not making the characters the most annoying idiots that you wish all of them die in a car fire because they make the movie boring.Overall, the best Dreamworks movie since How to Train Your Dragon.
10 This movie was so under hyped but is probably gonna win best animated film of the year. Funny, intense, cool all in 1 movie. Loved the characters to! 10/10.
8 The Bad Guys is definitely a step forward for Dreamworks, despite the fact that its script is quite predictable, the characters have a lot of charisma, that together with a more than excellent animation.Its soundtrack is also quite remarkable, a worthy job coming from Daniel Pemberton (Spider-Man Into The Spiderverse composer) this makes the chases and action scenes a visual delight.In conclusion, The Bad Guys is a very good movie that hooks you throughout the movie, it is dynamic and frenetic, with a lesson in morality and emotional moments, It is not a masterpiece like other films from the studio, but if it is moderately successful, we could say that it is the new Dreamworks franchise. Hopefully they improve and refine what was done in this movie in a possible sequel or in other studio projects.
8 The Bad Guys uses a familiar story to explore familiar themes but that doesn't stop it from being a great animated movie that's really heartwarming, funny and consistently fast paced with a really strong message at its core.Sam Rockwell gives a great lead performance that has plenty of his natural charm on display whilst having ample chemistry with Zazie Beetz who is equally charismatic. The rest of the cast are all suitably energetic with Anthony Ramos being a surprising standout.The animation style is fantastic, something refreshingly different to the norm that's effortlessly stylish and vibrant. The soundtrack and the music by Daniel Pemberton are both really good, adding to the overall sense of enjoyment.
8 Fun and stylish animation with a high level of attention to detail. Despite foreseeable twists, Pierre Perifel brought character-driven plot works for all ages. Wolf and the gang made smooth transition to change habits while taught some valuable life-lessons.
8 My god animation/film that is JUST good entertainment and not trying to sell you something.Reminds me of "The Sting" and our lead wolf similar to Lupin III (Monkey Punch) . So the plot may not be very original but the characters are fun and well developed.U rating in the UK seems a little light, given some of the themes.Go see.
8 We maybe bad, but we're so good at itThis was a surprisingly fun movie. The plot of this movie was goofy and surface-level, but it's fast-paced animation made it so much more enjoyable than it should have been. For 100 minutes, I was constantly amazed at the amount of energy and excitement that this movie maintained. It reminded me of The Mitchells vs the Machines and Into The Spider-verse. Honestly if the story wasn't so predictable this movie would have been phenomenal.All the voice actors were great. Each one of them brought charms, energy, and silliness to this already chaotic movie.Overall, I loved the chaos and goofiness. Definitely worth check out. 7.5-8/10.
6 Please forgive that terrible joke. This is a pretty good family movie with a great cast and fun story. I love the animation style, it's almost like a combination of realistic and cartoonish. Some aspects look hand-drawn while others look like real photos with a cartoon effect. I don't think I've seen anything like it.Sam Rockwell is one of my favorite actors and he oozes cool in this role. I kept imagining him in the sound booth just having a blast with the performance. The supporting cast all bring something to the table. Awkwafina continues to shine as a voice actor, although with a much smaller role (she killed it in Raya and the Last Dragon).The only reason I didn't like this more is the comedy. It's not bad. It's mostly amusing. But I only laughed out loud a few times. By contrast, Sonic and Sonic 2 are PG family movies that had me cracking up, although it might not be fair to compare when they had GOAT Jim Carrey.I had a decent time with this movie although I don't see myself revisiting it. I think most families and kids will really like it. (1 viewing, 4/22/2022)
10 I don't say anything just watch this movie
Great graphics great story Great dubbing unpredictable (better than encanto and turning red) i just really love this movie
All the characters were sweet and funny especially Mr Wolf
Mr wolf really funny cute and sweet and hot
Ok i just want say WATCH THIS MOVIEEEE.
10 The cast was absolutely hilarious and very remarkable. Akwafina and Alex were the best ladies for the movie . The bad guys were very awesome and hilarious for the kids . The animation was so outstanding and the storytelling was excellent. I bet the author who wrote the books said hey universal and dreamworks animation did a fantastic job on this movie for the kids and adults too .I hope they do the bad guys 2 and I hope the next bad guy is a  who robbed the biggest museums in all of Europe and stole the mummy's artifact and mr wolf and snake work together and tarantula and shark and piranha do they're usual work .
8 It's a kids film, but it has lots of elements that makes it a good and decent film. As said, expectations were low, but it show us that their is still hope for more animated films like this.
7 So, it looks to me that the Bad Guys was influenced by the anime Lupin the third. Makes perfect sense, so many animated movies and series are. Sam Rockwell's Big Bad Wolf is a total play on this. Although I did notice that Disney's Seeing Red has a similar look so it looks like anime is getting even more intergraded in everything. I'm good with it!The actual story is by the numbers. These animated features love the idea of teaching children to think outside the box and rising above what the world thinks you are, in a movie that's story arch could not have been more obvious if they tried, but that animation was so good that I'm too focus on it to care.It's a good ensemble cast of characters. The Wolf, the Shark, the Tarantula (Played by Awkafina, a fav in this movie, just really cute), the Parana, and the Snake. It was a good crew and it's kind of great how the character and the voices all gel together.But really, I can't stop talking about the animation. Its realty worth it to watch things unfold. Lots of good kinetic energy, the moving pictures never slow down and consistently lively throughout. Flawless.Thumbs up.
8 LIKES:The Pace: Kid's movies are always entertaining and this movie has all the engaging pieces I like at the speed that is entertaining. Kids will surely love the hasty pace of the film, dazzling you with all the quick paced adventure and comedy that comes with it. Yet, the pace is not breakneck, capable of still giving plenty of time to storytelling and allowing the older audience members to enjoy the movie as well. It really is a fine-balanced movie on this part and wins points for me.The Voice Acting: These actors give me chills at what they can pull out of their vocal patterns, and The Bad Guys crew is loaded with wonderful performances that fit the bill quite well. Sam Rockwell nails the lead role well, and I feel he did a great job playing the conflicted "hero" who has a lot of soul searching to find. Marc Maron as Snake is stellar, another loaded gun that has his own turmoil to face, but yet holds the sass and vigor of someone who is ingrained in his ways. The two feel very much like the best friends they portray, and I love the ribbing and vigor they have. As for Awkwafina, a bit more of the prop character, the actress normally loaded with comedy craziness, was actually toned down and respectable, still not too out of her comfort zone, but a much more well-rounded performance. Others hit their marks quite well, and if I had more room, I would go into everyone, but the chemistry between them all is fantastic and really a solid pillar to which this group works.The Character Balance: You've got at least five characters to work into a crime/comedy, and that's not counting a few other characters that have their own involvement in the film. And like a good book, this film does it super well with the characters that they promoted. Each of the animals may not have all the equal time, but they stand out in unique ways, bring their gifts to the table, and provide a meaningful contribution to the film. You, and the younger audiences, will find a character that they absolutely enjoy, and you will get your fill of them in almost every way. The use of each group is fantastic for me, and I appreciate how just about every character had that purpose and meaning to their inclusion.The Comedy: While a bit juvenile at times, the movie's humor is very fun and appropriate for the family. A witty phrase by a guinea pig, the fickle nature of human trends, even just a perfect phrasing that is comedic gold. The Bad Guys uses it all well and mixes things up to stay fresh, exciting, and filled with variety, all while baking it in naturally and not trying to force it in your face. That's right, you don't have to worry about a catchphrase being repeated like crazy, well mostly, and for that, DreamWorks wins the victory for me on the comedy, even if it is not the most mature, clever, or downright unique.'
The Plot: Much like a good book, The Bad Guys wins points again for a book adaptation that felt fleshed out, complete, and again fun. The Bad Guys starts off in the simple aspect you expect it to, high adrenaline comedy crime, and boasting about it afterwards. Soon, the plot starts to dig into deeper into other elements, trying to give more insight into the morals and characters and trying to twist the plot into new directions. And yet... they never drop the foundation of the movie, keeping those involvements and making the story wrap together nicely and feel organic. It's engaging, it's fun, and again it works on multiple levels, with a great performance to again amplify the tale to a quality I like.It's Adventure: What do I like highly about this film? It's that it's an adventure film that finally goes back into escaping from the reality of the world, but still teaches a moral lesson. Like the animated films I grew up with, The Bad Guys finally takes me on the adventure and story I like, instead of getting stuck in check boxes and personal issues to make a realistic story. By finally taking a detour back into the world of fun and adventure, the excitement and entertainment stand strong and I had fun watching an animated film. Sure, it's no Oscar tear jerker, but given the style and escape from all the political stuff that's in your face, it excels amazingly in this aspect.The Animation: I know, it does not look real, it does not look fully fleshed out, and you probably have other CGI focused movies that do things better. However, the Bad guys has a nice unique modality that stands out from the usual manners of making animation come to life. The kids book style is really popping, and the way they make the group come to life is sensational for this reviewer. The theft scenes are just an opening, and the movie does a great job pushing the limits of this style and really giving you a comic book meets story mode and I loved almost every second of it. In fact, this might be one of the best action scenes I have seen in a long time, proving again with imagination, some guts, and some balance, you can get excitement back in these movies. Nice work on the style and pizazz with your animation my friends, for it succeeded big time for this reviewer.DISLIKES:Predictable: I did not even know the movie series was based on books, but I have not read them and was still able to decipher all the twists within the first twenty-five minutes. Sadly, the book is not geared for major surprises, it could have used them to spice things up. At the least, they could have avoided the obvious set up that they did, instead of just giving everything away.More Action: With all the things this movie did, I had hoped to see a little more of that factor I really loved. The Bad Guys could have used a few more crime attempts, maybe some plans, or adding a little more of the Ocean's 13 element they were going for. Even some of the less violent oriented moments could have used some more time, but this is relatively minor to the other two elements I wanted in this movie.More Time with Some of The Characters: As I said, the cast of characters have their inclusion, but there seemed to be more they could have done with them in the final project. Perhaps this problem is addressed in the books, but several of the other characters needed time to get their own edge and quirks out, other than just being comedic ploys. Shark in particular was funny and has some moments, but there was a lot more potential to work with to make him more than just the comedic punching bag he is. Piranha and Tarantula have a little more ironing out, but again, there is more there, which might be addressed in future installments.Too Much Revealed in The Trailers: Modern day advertising is both impressive and destructive at the same time. The Bad Guys is one of those moments that gives a lot of the plot away second to the copious number of things they give in the trailer. Though it does not dilute the fun, it did cost me several laughs at the jokes they wanted to hold and in all honesty the surprises they wanted to share. This is probably the biggest thing to take away from the movie for me, but if you avoid the trailers then you are good.The VERDICT:In this case, being Bad is so Good and I really had a wonderful time with this movie and the endeavors they built for us. With great cast, music and voice acting the movie already had the elements to be a decent film, however making a story with good animation really sent this movie to new heights for me. It's got pizazz, it breaks from the realistic movie moments that are the hot trend, and it does it so in a natural style that again was just fun. It's totally worth the trip to the theater to see, or at least to enjoy when it arrives on streaming in a few weeks. Sure, the movie is predictable, lots of things ruining from the trailers and still has some smoothing out to do. Overall, though, I definitely give this movie a big thumbs up and approve the film for so many.My scores are:
Animation/Adventure/Comedy: 8.5
Movie Overall 7.5.
6 A criminal gang composed of the Big Bad Wolf, an Anaconda, a spider, and a shark are captured while trying to steal a gold-and-emerald humanitarian award given to a guinea pig. The guinea pig, however, thinks he can reform them. The story turns out to be much more complicated than that.It's based on a series of books written by Aaron Blabey, and the visuals and society reminded me of ZOOTOPIA. There are several visual and script references to the Ocean's Eleven franchise. The style of animation is interesting, with handsome artwork that suggests dimensionality, and the different parts of the face outlined in swooping black lines. I did find the pacing frantic, everyone moving so fast that it makes the Tasmanian Devil seem depressed. But the good humor carries this one through.
8 The Bad Guys is a stylish and sleek turn for DreamWorks Animation. Predictable on the surface but it had a few unexpected twists that shook it up a bit and its message about doing good deeds - though overly familiar - means well and is decently executed. The characters are perfectly cast; Sam Rockwell carries the story with slick charm and a surprise helping of emotional depth. The humor hits more times than not. That said, when it does miss - usually with the occasional juvenile gags that's par for the DreamWorks course - it can fall pretty flat. Whenever that happens, though, the film does manage strong comebacks, be it a moving character-driven moment, a legitimately funny bit, or a dazzling sequence owing to Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse. The Bad Guys is a totally serviceable family film. Tons of fun visual splendor for the younglings and a fast-paced, artful heist-film vibe for older audiences to admire.
10 My 11 year old has all the Bad Guys books and we were so excited when we heard of a movie adaptation. Not knowing what to expect we went as a family to watch it. We all enjoyed it and even us oldies were laughing. A great fun movie and even better enjoyed when you have already met the characters on paper. Fast paced with twists and turns and lots of laughs. Fun and easy to watch. So much scope for a sequel.
7 Don't come into this expecting nonstop action and thrills. What we have here is a ponderous, character-driven Cold War style espionage film that takes it time telling its intriguing story and has a satisfying payoff.I was happy that some of the twists have much more depth than at initial glance and feel more natural than a lot of shock value storytelling. Pine and Newton do most of the heavy lifting and fit their roles well. Pine gives off some serious elder Brosnan vibes here and I'm here for it. The story ends up being quite heartfelt and bypasses most of the cliches that plague the genre.The people complaining about how confusing it is clearly did not pay attention because every prior moment of intrigue is explained by the end.
8 This spy thriller is more about spy-relationships with hardly any thrills. It's a very slow burn, and I can see how many would become impatient. I'm also not a fan of timeline back and forths, and this has many, and more than just two timelines. However, although not perfect, the timelines are what kept me intrigued to continue to watch, as they revealed small pieces of the puzzle throughout. The reward at the end is worth it imo, I just wish the felt-longer 101 min runtime with slow pacing had been shorter and faster. Huge credit goes to Pine and Newton for their exceptional performances, and another reason why I didn't throw in the towel mid-way, plus adding Fishburne and Pryce into the mix was a bonus. So if you don't go into this expecting a James Bond action spy thriller, and have the patience, you may enjoy it once it reaches the end. All the Old Knives had sharp performances, but the story-telling was dull and needed much sharpening. It's a 7.5 rounded up to an 8/10 from me.
7 Definitely a 7 or more. Right now showing a 6 is very underated. Great acting by both Newton and Pine. Keeps you interested throughout. I'd recommend for sure.
8 Flashbacks are numerous but easy to follow because the characters look markedly different. Good spy thriller with stellar acting and a couple of good, though expected twists that will still keep you guessing until the final revelation. There is zero action so look elsewhere if you're looking for a Bond escapade. Nice direction, cinematography and despite the slow pace, never boring. Pine, Newton and Pryce do some nice work here. Highly recommended!!!
6 Greetings again from the darkness. Thanks to James Bond, Jason Bourne, and Ethan Hunt, we've grown accustomed to globetrotting action-packed thrillers in the spy genre. But of course, there is the flip side: the quiet and unheralded work done by intelligence agents ... those who typically use their brains more often than their fists or guns. Director Janus Metz (the underrated BORG VS MCENROE, 2017) has based his film on the 2015 book by Olen Steinhauer.It's 2012 and we are inside the Vienna station of the CIA as the agents meet to strategize their response to a terrorist act - the hijacking of Turkish Alliance Airline Flight 127. The team is unable to prevent tragedy, and it's clear this is a case that will stick with them. Eight years later, the station chief (Laurence Fishburne) calls Henry Pelham (Chris Pine) back in to let him know that on orders from Langley the case has been re-opened. The terrorist behind that hijacking has been recently captured and disclosed that he had a CIA mole inside the Vienna station. Henry is to re-interview everyone involved to uncover the double-agent.One of those interviewed is the former supervisor played by Jonathan Pryce. He's now retired, and Henry forces him to go back through all details, some of which are uncomfortably personal. But that doesn't compare to how personal the next interview hits. Celia (Thandiwe Newton) was not just Henry's fellow agent, but also his lover. She has since left the agency and is living a pleasant family life in stunning Carmel-by-the-Sea, perhaps the most picturesque coastal area in the U. S. Chris Pine gets to look really cool driving a convertible over Bixby Bridge.Director Metz works in numerous flashbacks to the relationship between Henry and Celia, and it's through these that we come to understand their connection and the type of people they are. But ultimately, it's their meeting at the fancy restaurant with the breathtaking view that serves as the key to the movie and the story. In fact, because their time sharing a table and wine is so substantial and critical, it could easily transition to a stage play. It's a high-level game of cat-and-mouse between two beautiful and smart characters. You may know where it's headed, but it's unlikely you'll know how it will get there.It's easy to see this being a popular streaming choice as the characters and setting are easy on the eyes. The deeper questions asked here are what to do when a loved one isn't who you thought they were. Also, can you trust those trained to not trust others? As previously stated, it's a bit of a different spin on the spy genre - less action/thriller and more character study.Streaming on Prime Video beginning April 8, 2022.
12 April 2022 All the Old Knives is a genre movie trading on the John LeCarre-like tropes of intrigue and betrayal but with more of the latter and less the former. CIA agent Henry Pelham (Chris Pine) investigates the the successful hijacking of a Turkish airliner in a Vienna airport by jihad terrorists in 2012 with over a hundred people murdered-- suggesting a mole within the CIA ranks.The pace is deliberate, slow if you will, allowing director Janus Metz and writer Olen Steinhauer (from his book) to linger on protagonist Henry and his former love, Celia Harrison (Thandiwe Newton), a retired agent who worked for the agency at the time of the hijacking. The film dwells on their intimate conversation and lovemaking with closeups too many even for me, who usually gains insights from such intimacy.The emphasis leaves too little time to be caught up ordinarily in plot twists and distracting clues. Even the least sophisticated viewer will not miss Jonathan Price's Bill Compton as a possible red herring for the mole-the conventions of this genre don't allow an obvious suspect that early in the game.The plot, then, misses the richness of spy mechanics and twists that point everywhere and nowhere-always an anarchic joy keeping cinephiles engaged.When the plot devolves into Henry and Celia at a Carmel restaurant by the sea with free-range bacon and only wine, their intimate conversation struggles about who is the culprit and whether the two still love each other. It exhausts with their mooning, her cliche-required tears, and their lovemaking, which is gratuitous.However, the virtue of this approach is to allow the film's theatrical quality to emerge and treat theatre lovers to tight dialogue and pent-up passion. However, if emphasis had been placed on deconstructing the possible perps, the mystery would have crackled. Other engaging characters are plentiful in All the Old Knives but not used.Although that Carmel restaurant is as glamorous as the leads (even if constructed on a sound stage in the UK), it occupies almost half the film, loading us with flashbacks and incompetent waiters, none of which is fleshed out enough to be suspicious. Rest assured that ends are tied up and spy justice administered with a twist on honor to get your attention.Betrayal is the name of the game and has always been for the spy agencies and their operatives. Here not only does the mole betray his country, but our two heroes also have a history. For those related to agents, betrayal is an everyday game of what the agent really does.For the audience, a certain amount of action while still offering potent dialogue is welcomed in spy stories, some of that in All the Old Knives. But don't ask me about that title: It's as inscrutable as the story is much of the time.I'm happy for the challenge at this low season for movies after Oscar.
7 Slow boil thriller. Moves at a deliberate pace over two timelines. A solid cast and story. Just as things get predictable, a third act plot twist adds to the story intrigue.
8 Bottom line is that All the Old Knives is a really fine and absorbing movie. I recommend it, no hesitation. The rest of what I have to say about it just fills in details.Spy thrillers on the screen seem to fall into two categories. The first and by far the most numerous is the James Bond path: fill the screen with action and when in doubt, add in more car chases, hand-to-hand fights, and explosions. These efforts can be extremely well done and give you a great thrill ride and if that's what you want, there's no lack of choices out there. But the generic problem with those was nicely nailed by that very wise writer Ursula Le Guin: if the only thing going on is unceasing physical action, that's a sure sign no story is being told. (Or words to that effect -- I had trouble finding the exact quote.)So then we have the second category: the John LeCarre camp. Much rarer and ultimately more interesting. Sylistically the daddy of all of these is The Spy Who Came In From the Cold (1965, starring Richard Burton and Claire Bloom). All the Old Knives is spookily close to a modern version of that. Chris Pine and Thandiwe Newton play now-retired intelligence officers tasked with getting to the bottom of an 8-year-old unsolved mystery: what went wrong with the way their agency dealt with the infamous Flight 127 in Vienna, taken over and destroyed by terrorists? Was their a mole among them, and who? The story gets laid out for us in flashbacks and replays of their memories (and sometimes flashbacks within the flashbacks), bit by bit.Here's a spoiler for free: there's not a SINGLE car chase, fight, or explosion. Not one. (There is one gunshot.) This is grittier, realer, and tenser. If you think this is boring -- here, have a lollipop. Go away and let the grownups watch it.The two stars Pine and Newton virtually carry the whole movie, with a bit of help from veterans Laurence Fishburne and Jonathan Pryce in supporting roles. But they are all excellent and the dialog is impressively realistic, constantly engaging. Following the twists and turns is not meant to be easy, I think, but the scenes connect seamlessly and flow beautifully. Is there a message underneath it all? It's never said out loud, but I think it is just that in this spy business, everybody taking part -- sooner or later, right side or wrong side -- loses. Be prepared to have a mix of feelings by the end.
8 Solid noir/espionage story: once again, I am not a big fan of repeated flashbacks but this time it had a point as they unfold along with the investigation (side note: Newton is as perfect as always).
7 The movie has all the good accessories: sleek production, atmospheric mise-en-scene, glossy photography, powerful soundtrack.But it's the excellent screenplay (from author Olen Steinhauer) and acting performances that make All The Old Knives a high quality espionage thriller, one made of the good old stuff.For once the genre is not represented in movies by the usual kiss-kiss bang-bang, car chases, fistfights and the whole James Bond enchilada. This is espionage for connoisseurs.
7 Where the complicated strings of life in the shadowlands of spying at each other, ultimately leads to the fall of a king or chessmate or chest mate and good night...an unusual tight , extremely dusk, grey and dark spythriller, not as action filled as ''spy games'', but eventually pretty decent try on a genre that hasnt been overflowing the market lately. Its got pieces and bits of material from 70 and 80's classics, like ''sting'' and ''the mole'', and the story is pretty tense to follow.A bit slow on plot speed, and some lack on prescicionediting, its overflowed with decent filmatographic and dramaturgic cleverness, and the surprises never seems to end. A bit dull is the musical score, and the acting never reaches the upper cut, but entertaining it is. So without blood and gore and heavy shootouts, the grumpy old man recommends this kinda spy chess.
4 Here we have another streaming movie that stinks of direct-to-video quality. It's extremely boring with 95% of the movie being conversations between two characters. It's listed as a thriller which is a huge lie. This is a mystery which is somewhat predictable. And much of it doesn't make sense if you think about it for more than a second.This movie isn't horrible. I was somewhat intrigued and I like the cast. But this is another streaming movie snoozer. (1 viewing, 4/10/2022)SPOILERSI guessed that he was the mole so early, when he asked to be the one to do the interrogation. But it was a throwaway guess that I forgot about until the middle of the movie when someone says "it could be you." At that point I remembered my original prediction and was sure of it.At least that's only the first of three twists. The second one was surprising but, when you think about it, makes no sense. They said that two different people corroborated that he's the mole and "that's good enough for me." They said that Elyas gave up his name. So why this whole elaborate reverse-interrogation plan? She says it's for confirmation... but they already poisoned the wine. So I ask again, why go through this whole ordeal? And what if he knew it was a sham and ran? Or did something crazy like... oh I dunno, hire a hitman to kill Celia... which he did. It's really dumb.The last twist about him doing it to save her was pretty cool, but at that point I had basically given up on the movie.
7 All the Old Knives is a film you watch when you're scrolling through the channels and nothing is on. The R-rating is strictly for the sex scenes, which were unnecessary, because this film calls upon the viewer's imagination with many plot elements implied so spelling out those scenes in detail is contradictory to the approach of telling the story. The screenplay and novel author Olen Steinhauer is also responsible for the fantastic series Berlin Station and if the author had more time and money to produce a longer film(maybe 3 more hours) All the Old Knives might have been a better production. All the Old Knives is average, middle of the road, meh, but.....if you truly want a better experience, pay strict close attention to all the characters and the small elements that are introduced throughout the film - which are many.
2 When you see the Amazon Original logo on a movie, it usually serves a warning. You're going to get a slow moving film with lots of slow panning camera shots, cinematography ridden with lens flares, mist filter lighting and lots of closeups of the actor's faces with the rest of the scene blurred out in the background.For once though, at least the color grading was nice.The movie starts off somewhat intriguing, mostly due to Chris Pine, who seems to have prematurely entered the Neeson / Travolta Geezer teaser phase of his career after a few high profile misfires. But the plot quickly unravels as the narrative loses focus and becomes bogged down in cell phone records and endless flashbacks to the two main character's relationship. This is the core of the story, and it's supposed to lay the groundwork for the big reveal at the end, but the two leads have little to no chemistry, the love scenes and romance has no spark, and therefore the entire emotional core of the story falls apart.As the plot meanders on from flashback to flashback, it becomes more and more ludicrous. Never mind that the CIA would never allow lovers working in the field like this, no one except Laurence Fishbourne feels like a CIA agent. The side characters are just window dressing with the exception of Johnathan Pryce, who get show off his acting chops in one scene.The response to the hijackers is ludicrous, as is the entire story about how the Germans or Austrians don't want to release 5 prisoners. Ridiculous. Neither of these countries would risk a plane full of people being killed on the internet over 5 prisoners they could easily track after release. Never mind that they don't actually hold high profile terrorists in those countries.Even more ridiculous is the plot about the Informant in Russia, naturally an entirely innocent man.This is where the obligatory amazon wokeness comes in. Aside from one, the white characters are all either corrupt or killers. The non-white characters are predictably flawless and blameless. And of course the Russians are portrayed as pure evil again.Even more ridiculous is a line about a character dying in Iran because they don't have medicine there due to western sanctions. Who writes this garbage? Iran has better medical care than most middle eastern nations and a life expectancy of 77 which is higher than most East European nations and only 2 years lower than the US. Sanction against Iran don't even include medical products.As mentioned the portrayal of the CIA is ludicrous as well, presenting them like some incompetent squad of hobbyist hitmen who sell out innocent informants at a whim and kill their own agents in elaborate theatrical setups over a phone call instead of bringing them in for questioning.What good is there to say about the film? Some of the acting is good. The color grading is nice to look at for once. And it's not 2 hours, though the slow pace makes it feel longer.
7 I found this worth watching even though it makes no sense -
1) Henry was poisoned BEFORE he confessed making the whole charade pointless.2) Vick sent Henry to interview Bill whilst suspecting that Henry was guilty. This would have given Henry every incentive to kill Bill and pin it on him and so it makes no sense.3) The fact that Henry had a hitman ready to kill Celia makes no sense given what he had already done to protect her and means that his most logical move would be to kill Bill and claim that he had confessed (see 2)
7 The lives of Henry Pelham and Celia Harrison changed forever with the tragic deaths of 120 people in Flight 127 in Vienna, Austria. Henry and Celia were working in intel at the time, and they failed to prevent the atrocity perpetrated by terrorists."All the Old Knives" juggles two unresolved questions. The first is the quest to understand who was a mole in the office of Henry of Celia. The turncoat was feeding critical information to the terrorists during the standoff. The second issue is the romantic connection between Henry and Celia. What specifically happened to lead Celia to break off ties with Henry, leave the CIA, and move to Carmel-by-the-Sea?Despite the often sluggish flashback sequences, the film was successful in juggling the two narrative strands. The dialogue was intense in the protracted restaurant scene where the two former lovers sought to reconstruct the past.The filmmakers took a chance with a melodramatic ending that didn't quite ring true. For two high-level investigators, Henry and Celia really didn't communicate very well with each other. Still, there was good chemistry between the actors and some crisp dialogue in what can only be described as a romantic, espionage potboiler.
4 Firstly, the soundtrack is SO over the top. There needs to be a no-music version so that intelligent people aren't flooded with stupid melodramatic sounds.Here we have Chris (do I look like Brosnan?) Pine and Thandiwe (I'll show you my tits) Newton, who isn't aging as well.The story might have been fine in capable hands, but this cheapie with poor acting sort of plods along and you can tell by how long there is to go whether there is something else evolving to not care about.It's a straight-to-DVD calibre of movie that would be a time filler on a (very) long flight.
3 So if you want a 90 minute sleep here's your chance.Overuse of flashbacks leads to the very confusing nature of the film. The use of some good British actors is diluted by them speaking faux American. It is very ponderous, with minimal suspense, thrilling moments are non existence. Overall the film is dull and offers no moments of excitement, just a state of confusion.
9 Haven't read the book but this movie's one hell of a screenplay. Plot keeps you hooked till the end. Fabulous work by entire cast and excellent direction. A not-to-be-missed subtle yet powerful spy-espionage film.Now about the underlying premise, the politics of war, hatred, revenge, justice... it's leaves you frustrated, helpless. We all know the unfairness but that doesn't lessen the pain.
8 I've seen other ratings, so far there're 10 one star ratings, come on, this is much better than that. I saw one review complaining about Chris Pine's face - you should not be allowed to post reviews here, let me tell you that.So here goes, this is not a groundbreaking thriller, but if you've liked Ghostwriter from Ewan Mcgregor, you'll love this. Strong performances by both the main actors and the supporting cast also did their job nicely. This story is not new, but how original can an espionage thriller get? The twist at the end I kind of saw coming but it was surprising the way it went down nonetheless. Soundtrack is nice, visuals you see are nice too, gives you the feels of an old fashion thriller. The chemistry between the main characters is excellent too, keeps the story intact. Movie is not long or too short but perfect, doesn't add unnecessary scenes nor rush through scenes. Amozon released two good movies at the same time, watch this one definitely if you like thrillers, watch The Outfit too, that one is also a good movie.One request though, if you were expecting an action movie or you're a superhero fan (nothing against superhero movies, I like those too) and you do not happen to like this genre, please do not rate this bad cause I want these kind of movies coming up in the future, I don't think i'm the only one. And also when you're reviewing a title, try to stay relevant too. Have a nice day !!!
3 Really, it's not that good. It's a gratuitous affair wrapped in a who done it mystery, with a table turner twist on top for good measure. Has some big time name actors, that's about the only draw this film has, not only CP carrying but basically a CP+TN duo carrying, with contributions from a handful of others. That's about the only draw this film has, otherwise, does not seem like that much interesting, new ground covered.
5 Much too many flashbacks make the film confusing to follow. Otherwise All the Old Knives may have been more appealing to the viewer if telling the story straight forward.
4 I didn't find this to be very engaging. Let me be clear on this; I'm really tired of gratuitous sex scenes. It's not as appealing as directors might think. It's uncomfortable and unnecessary. This movie needed better writing and a little um...I don't know... action. The long monotonous droning soundtrack was tiring.
4 The story is so bad. You just feel like your watching two people at a wine bar yapping on for most of the film. Really tried to be an intelligent spy film and failed miserably. The worst episode of Homeland is better than this.
5 Not sure if it was the writing or the direction but this film was a letdown. Good cast. Cinematography was amazing. All wasted with a weak story and bad ending. An ending that leaves you disappointed and annoyed.
4 I'd really love to tell you about the plot. I really would! But I would struggle to pull all the multitude of strands together from J.K. Rowling's story and coherently explain them to anyone. If Rowling had put ten thousand monkeys (not a million - it's no bloody Shakespeare) into a room with typewriters and locked the door I wouldn't be surprised.Let me try at a high level..... The arch-criminal wizard Grindelwald (Johnny Depp) is being tortured in 'Trump Tower', but manages to escape and flees to Paris in pursuit of a mysterious circus performer called Credence (Ezra Miller) and his bewitched companion Nagini (nudge, nudge, wink, wink) played fetchingly by Claudia Kim. Someone needs to stop him, and all eyes are on Albus Dumbledore (Jude Law). But he is unable to do so, since he and Grindelwald are "closer than brothers" (nudge, nudge, wink, wink). So a reluctant and UK-grounded Newt Scamander (Eddie Redmayne) is smuggled into the danger zone... which suits him just fine since his love Tina (Katherine Waterston) is working for the ministry there, and the couple are currently estranged due to a (topical) bout of 'Fake News'.Throw in a potential love triangle between Newt, his brother Theseus (Callum Turner) and old Hogwart's schoolmate Leta Lestrange (Zo Kravitz) and about a half dozen other sub-plots and you have... well... a complete muggle - - sorry - - muddle.Above all, I really can't explain the crux of the plot. A venerable diarrhoea of exposition in a crypt, during an inexplicably quiet fifteen minutes (given 'im-who-can-be-named is next door with about a thousand other people!) left me completely bewildered. A bizarre event at sea (no spoilers) would seem to make absolutely NO SENSE when considered with another reveal at the end of the film. I thought I must have clearly missed something... or I'd just not been intelligent enough to process the information.... or.... it was actually completely bonkers! Actually, I think it's the latter: in desperation I went on a fan site that tried to explain the plot. While it was explained there, the explanation aligned with what I thought had happened: but it made no mention of the ridiculousness of the random coincidence involved!The film's a mess. Which is a shame since everyone involved tries really hard. Depp oozes evil very effectively (he proves that nicely on arriving in Paris, and doubles-down about 5 minutes later: #veryverydark). Redmayne replays his Newt-act effectively but once again (and I see I made the same comments in my "Fantastic Beasts" review) his character mumbles again so much that many of his lines are unintelligible.I also complained last time that the excellent actress Katherine Waterston was criminally underused as the tentative love interest Tina. this trend unfortunately continues unabated in this film.... you'll struggle afterwards to write down what she actually did in this film.Jacob (Dan Fogler) and Queenie (Alison Sudol, looking for all the world in some scenes like Rachel Weisz) reprise their roles in a sub-plot that goes nowhere in particular.Of the newcomers, Jude Law as Dumbledore is a class-act but has very little screen time: hopefully he will get more to do next time around. Zo Kravitz impresses as Leta.As you would expect from a David Yates / David Heyman Potter collaboration, the product design, costume design and special effects are all excellent. Some scenes are truly impressive - an 'explosion' in a Parisian garret is particularly spectacular. But special effects alone do not a great film make. Many reviews I've seen complain that this was a 'filler' film... a set-up film for the rest of the series. And I can understand that view. If you analyse the film overall, virtually NOTHING of importance actually happens: it's like the "Order of the Phoenix" of the prequels.I dragged myself along to see this one because "I thought I should". The third in the series will really need to sparkle to make me want to see it. If J.K. Rowling were to take me advice (she won't - she NEVER returns my calls!) then she would sculpt the story-arc but leave the screenwriting to someone better. The blame for this one, I'm afraid, lies at Rowling's door alone.
5 December 2018 The visuals are great, but there is no story. The film is just a collage of scenes with strange creatures appearing for no reason at all. The vast number of characters don't help to make the plot any easier to decipher. The only scenes that I enjoyed are the ones in Hogwarts. That's because at least I know what they are about.
3 A totally dysfunctional and unrelated cast, an incomprehensible story and tons and tons of computer graphics. The result is a confusing and totally boring movie. A waste of money.
4 The one thing this movie successfully does, is cast an obliviate on you. I literally just watched it, and I don't even remember what it's about. The magical element of this film is simply having so much happen, while simultaneously, nothing really happens.There's a little bit of nostalgia, with Easter eggs and great visuals; the actors are great- Johnny Depp has the most menacing introduction I've seen; Jude Law convinced me that he is young Dumbledore; the music is spectacular. But none of that can hide the truth of the fact that this movie is just BORING.There is literally so much plot thrown at you non-stop. The movie expects you to care about, invest in and remember so many characters, that at some point, you mentally clock out. I'm an intense potterhead, and I love learning more l about the wizarding world. But this is just too much information, being force-fed in very little time. I've enjoyed every single Harry Potter film so far... but I just can't stomach this story.Remember at the end of the first Fantastic Beasts movie, when you enjoyed watching it,but you hesitated to gravitate towards it. You had a small shred of doubt if it was a one time thing,or does this genuinely have the potential to be something incredible. There's no longer a doubt.
1 This is probably my least favourite movie of the year. There are way too many characters with way too many subplots going on all at once, the villain was horribly miscast, everything was confusing and didn't make sense, the story was unfocused and pointless, there was way too much pointless fanservice, everything looked grey, it was BORING, and the whole thing only exists to set up sequels! So, yeah, this one's pretty bad. It's a new low for Warner Brothers and this franchise, and....hold on, wait a minute, there must be a mistake. I'm listing off all the reasons that I hated Batman v Superman, not Fantastic Beasts 2. Oh? They both have the exact same problems? Okay then! Screw this movie! I sure as hell am not seeing the next one until it comes out on demand! They have officially lost my interest!
6 In 1927 New York City, evil wizard Grindelwald (Johnny Depp) escapes a prison transport and heads to Paris with his supporters. In London, Newt Scamander (Eddie Redmayne) refuses British Ministry of Magic's command to hunt Grindelwald. It's revealed that it was Albus Dumbledore (Jude Law) who sent Newt to NYC and this time he sends him to Paris. Newt is joined by Jacob Kowalski (Dan Fogler). Tina Goldstein (Katherine Waterston) is already there searching for lost pure-blood wizard Credence Barebone (Ezra Miller) along with everyone else. Her sister Queenie (Alison Sudol) falls under the persuasion of Grindelwald.This has plenty of wizarding whiz bangs. It has too much twisting back-bending back stories. Some of the characters are acting in strange ways. This is overloaded. J. K. Rowling should consider not writing for the novel but concentrate on writing for the movie. There is too much of everything. I don't understand Queenie's dark turn. I hoped that she was playing along but that seems extremely unlikely. For some reason, Tina has turned a lot colder. I didn't understand the significance of Credence at the start which makes his reveal less compelling. This movie follows a dozen main characters which is about six too many. For Potter fans, this is a must but this prequel franchise is not a necessity for casual fans.
5 Watching this gives you the sense that nobody really knew where to go after the first film ended... and it shows. Beautiful film with a great cast, but an ultimately pointless story that sort of flops around like a dead fish not quite aware yet that its dead. This film is disappointing and forgettable.
4 Almost impossible to keep up with what was going on! Just jumped from one thing to the next with no development, such a shame
7 Am something of a fan of Harry Potter, books and films. Having grown up with the franchise and cherishing the fond memories being engrossed in the books, the midnight shopping trips to get the latest one and watching the films in the cinema being entertained, dazzled and at times even scared. Found myself really enjoying the first 'Fantastic Beasts' film, though not all my friends and family did for understandable reasons.Had high hopes for 'Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald'. It became one of my most anticipated films of the year after being captivated by the trailer. Although the critical reception was mixed, the high hopes were not shattered because word of mouth from friends, whose opinions this reviewer always trusts, was positive and am someone aiming to see all the film for franchise completest sake. My thoughts after watching 'Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald' were mostly positive though with a few fairly serious misgivings.'Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald' is a sequel that is bigger in spectacle, darker in content and bolder in its basic story. Yet, compared to some sequels that have earned that distinction by me, it is an example of a follow-up that fell short of being better. It wasn't for me vastly inferior and the drop in quality was not large, although visually this film looked better and preferred the cast here too the previous film had more focus and cohesion and the creatures were used better. Can totally see where critics are coming from while also seeing what those who liked it saw in it.Will get the not so good things out of the way. Do agree with those who have described 'Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald' as over-stuffed. There are too many characters and not all of them are necessary and the others given too short shrift, the inclusion of Nicolas Flamel for instance was pointless with him having literally nothing to do and felt merely there as a thrown in Harry Potter reference. It was great to see life at Hogwarts and feel nostalgic with the references, but that was also hurt by that what was shown didn't seem to fit continuity-wise.There were too many story strands too, variably explored. Making the story feel cluttered and not always focused, which affects the cohesion. The big revelation(s) in the last act, especially for what seemed to be the conclusion of the main story strand, did confuse me and needed much more breathing space for the viewer to take it all in, one is left in a whirlwind that gets bigger.Some of the pace could have been tighter, with some of the middle act meandering and not always involving. The ending came over as a bit rushed to me, well-staged but a slowing down pace-wise would have made the crucial revelations much clearer.However, 'Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald' has a lot of fantastic elements. Once again, it does look great and looks even better perhaps than the previous film. The production design is wondrous, especially once in Paris though loved the look of Hogwarts as well, and it is beautifully shot, with tighter editing and slightly more polished effects (though both were great in the previous film). Loved the little details too. The return of James Newton-Howard was a more than welcome one, with a score that is even more haunting, more whimsical, more ethereal and more rousing, one standout being in the beginning with the phantom carriage.Enjoyed enough of the script, with enough thoughtful, emotional (did feel for Credence) and amusing parts, the last one being provided by Jacob and the Niffler. Though there are parts that don't make the script here as focused as before and die-hard Harry Potter fans won't be squealing with delight as much and feeling as nostalgic over the references because the continuity fitted much more before. Although the story execution is flawed, there is charm, offbeat wit, imagination and nail-biting suspense, so the magic is there. Another improvement over the previous film is that the beginning gets to the point more and is better paced.David Yates' direction shows experience and he handles the set pieces very well. The phantom carriage escape and Ministry Library scenes really stand out, while the circus freak show part is suspenseful and intriguing. Would have loved to have seen far more of the creatures and more variety but when they do appear they are delightful and each serve purpose to the story. Again not only are they technical marvels they also have personality, the most used is the Zouwu, while the one that serves most point to the story is Pickett. My favourite will always be Niffler though. The characters are worth caring for generally and the cast are on great form. Eddie Redmayne has even more nuance and charm here and Johnny Depp's evil personified Grindelwald is vastly improved here. Ezra Miller's repression and Zoe Kravitz's empathy are moving to watch while Dan Fogler is amiable and very funny. Genius casting too is provided by Jude Law as Dumbledore, a fine example of creating enormous impression in relatively minor screen time. Katherine Waterston, while still commanding the screen beautifully, is on the underused side and Alison Sudol is not as charming.Overall, an enjoyable film with many fantastic elements. Just wanted it to be more fantastic than it turned out to be. 7/10 Bethany Cox
2 I generally hate writing a review about a movie/tv episode that I hate. It feels like a waste of energy, especially knowing that there are plenty of people out there who genuinely enjoy this film series, but I'm just not one of them. I LOVE the Harry Potter movies and grew up with those 8 films, but I've never felt the connection to the Fantastic Beasts series that I did to Potter. It's not necessarily fair to make that comparison but alas, there's virtually nothing good about the Crimes of Grindelwald. Confusing, convoluted, and at times way too convenient for its own good, the film has nothing to grapple onto emotionally. In fact, the one decent thing about the first film (Queenie and Jacob) is entirely ruined in this film's third act. Disappointingly, the film has almost pushed aside the beasts side of the series completely, in exchange for a cliched villain with Grindelwald, who severely lacks in originality. Admittedly, I found myself lost for most of the runtime. Until they inevitably put out "Cursed Child" in 15 years, this may be it for me with this universe.2.3/10
1 You can't blame JK Rowling for wanting to keep the 'Harry Potter' saga going, especially on film, but this sequel falls a bit flat.The first 'Fantastic Beasts' film, while not being great in any shape or form, at least told a good story, one that could have stood alone, and there were some good performances.This one however tries to do way too much - set up future instalments (do we really need 5 of these films as is anticipated??) introduce us to all the key players who may or may not be useful in these future films, while also providing enough links back to 'Harry Potter' to please the fans.In the end it does none of these convincingly, and ends up being an odd, quite dark film that doesn't live up to its billing.
5 The first "Fantastic Beasts" film can easily stand alone as engaging new series for the viewers who are still hungry for new material in the world author J.K. Rowling created which is the Wizarding World. And sure we were told in advance that we were going to get five more movie adaptations in the future, I was excited about seeing this spin-off from the very successful Harry Potter films that came out between 2002-2012. Sure not everyone liked "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them", I managed to find it ever so enjoyable as a welcome addition to the Wizarding World. It may sound like a cliche what I'm about to say, but "Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Griendelwald" failed to live up to the standards that the first installment measured up to. I can't remember a time when a movie like this was so muddled, watching what could gave been a simple viewing pleasure would end up so labouring.If there was a plot to this installment, I wonder where it is hiding, because this movie is so convoluted it's all over the place. I tried my hardest to follow through, but it just meanders from one scenario after another and trying to decipher it gave me a migraine. I even watched it again to see what I missed, only to end up regretting it later on as I ran out of pills. It tries to stay in the tradition of the myth behind the Harry Potter lore, but fails to stand on its own. If you're a Potter fan you will likely get a better understanding of the goings-on in the movie. But casual movie viewers will be overwhelmed.I can at times just skim through the details knowing the series pretty much by knowing what to expect and the adventures of what's to come, but in "Crimes of Grindelwald" you don't see very all that much because the sole purpose of this film is only to cash in a reminder that there are other films in this franchise to follow. It gets to the point that it could become quite tedious as scenes are rushed with no full explaining which results in everything being quite empty. Sure there is some CGI magic featured here, but it still isn't enough to carry the film in terms of plot, story or theme. Just all style and no substance.The indecisiveness in where it wants to go can be nauseating and the editing seems very absent in the long turn. Scenes are presented in little fragments and then are forgotten and only come back later again without any full explaining going on. There are way too many characters in the movie and they have no real significance to them to care about or even have something to grab our attention. In order to get the better feel of the plot, the need to introduce the characters one more time and to find a surface where the subplots intertwine. There are old characters and newer ones, unfortunately none really do much service because too many things happening and very little is coming out.Though the bad outweighs the good stuff, "Crimes of Grindelwald" can at least claim that the characters coming back was a pleasure in addition the newer ones offer some kind of hope for the future like Jude Law as a young Dumbledore. Also though not very well-rounding the wizardry effects were very impressive. It would be a scintillating run if Rowling lets us in on the wizardry in Paris. However, there are some scene set there that are put into doubt. With a little hope, we might get more of our questions fulfilled. I guess we'll have to be patient until then.In the end, it's highly questionable if this sequel will be of equal significance to what is yet to come. Right now all I can say is this second installment is an utter mess. Too many things happening and not enough story being told. This can turn off a lot of people from wanting to see this movie. If this was like a puzzle it may have the pieces, however I hope that the next installments can places them together. We can only hope for the better.
5 Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald shows that J K Rowling should not be writing screenplays although I am sure Steve Kloves who is credited as Executive Producer had a hand in the script.It is also evident that the directorial duties needs a new vision. David Yates has been too long in the Potter world.The film is a rehash of the early X-Men films. An allegory. Purebloods need to breakout and overcome the humans who are the true monsters. Grindelwald even shows them a vision of the man made future, World War 2 and the rise of Nazism. The trouble is Grindelwald has his own fascist foot soldiers.The plot consists of Grindelwald predictably escaping. Newt Scamander is sent by Albus Dumbledore to go look for him. The ministry of magic is stifling all dissent and free thinkers. In short they are driving wizards to the arms of someone like Grindelwald. Everyone is after a young man called Credence Barebone who just wants to find his mother and who he really is.The film has great spectacle but it is too long and the plot is too slim. Parts of the film is set in Hogwarts and actually makes you realise that these prequels are a cynical cash in by Warner Brothers.
4 An overly confusing film, the plot flies from one moment to another and we're introduced to characters that contribute absolutely nothing to the plot. Furthermore, a lot of the characters we were introduced to in the previous film are all muddled up. Queenie allies herself with Grindelwald; a child murdering genocidal maniac. Are we meant to be relating to her?The acting was ok but I felt it was worse than the previous film, Johnny Depp is definitely the best thing about this and I felt his character wasn't used enough, the character of Credence is the most confusing thing I've ever seen! I read up on it afterwards and his big plot reveal doesn't even make sense. The new characters weren't developed either like Nagini and Newt's brother, both rather bland.Additionally there just wasn't enough action or excitement as well, which is an unusual critique of a fantasy film, with the Harry Potter films some didn't have a huge amount of action but at least the plots were good and likewise the characters but here there's neither.4/10: Very confusing and just not exciting, a disappointment to be sure
4 Where are the fantastic beasts? What are the crimes of Grindelwald? This is not magic, it's CGI. It lost that essential taste of friendship and bond between characters within magical context of the original HP series.
6 Let me start off by saying that I am a big Harry Potter fan; I loved all 8 HP movies, and really liked the 1st installment of Newt's adventures as well.
This movie just didn't really do the trick for me. There was absolutely nothing to complain about visually; the movie was even more stunning than the first one, with even more beautifully designed 'Beasts'. And as many other people have mentioned, as a Harry Potter fan, you just can't hate this movie. Where Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them only contained a handful amount of references to the Harry Potter series, The Crimes of Grindelwald has tonnes. Enough to hype up any Harry Potter fan.The problem this movie had for me was its plot, or rather, its almost nonexisting plot. This movie just seemed to serve as background information or something for the upcoming movies in this series (for which we'll undoubtedly have to wait another 2 years or more..), more of like a setup for things to come. It introduced many new characters and revealed certain things about already known characters. But yet, some of these things just felt unnatural, as if JK Rowling just kept writing more and more to squeeze into 1 movie. This basically leads to a movie where the biggest plot is to find Credence's 'true identity' - not really much of a plot at all. Some of the reveals about characters also seemed a bit strange, but that could be just me. All in all, all this dialogue about characters made it extra confusing to know what the movie was about, in addition to it lacking much of a plot to begin with.This movie is definitely not a waste of money or anything, you could just buy a ticket for the stunning scenes and you'd be satisfied. It's just that this movie was quite a disappointment compared to many people's expectations I think, seeing as it basically is just a setup for the upcoming movies, which lacks a good plot.
3 THE CRIMES OF GRINDELWALD is the FANTASTIC BEASTS follow-up that nobody asked for, but I guess there's more money yet to be made from the wizarding world. This turns out to be of the same quality as the first film, i.e. quite dreadful, and it doesn't help that Rowling herself turned in the screenplay. It's unfocused, meandering, almost plotless at times, with way too many uninteresting characters, none of whom appeal. As usual, the emphasis is on delivering snazzy CGI effect after snazzy CGI effect, but this gives the whole thing a real detachment from reality that makes it vapid to watch. Cast-wise, Redmayne is the worst he's ever been, while Johnny Depp's stock villain feels sleazy rather than menacing. It's also one of those mid-series films that has no real beginning, middle or end, and as such feels completely pointless.
4 As both a lover of the Harry Potter Universe and a lover of movie going, I was thoroughly disappointed, even angry with this movie. While the visuals are as magical as ever, it's clear that the filmmakers are so distracted by trying to build a franchise that they're forgetting to actually tell a good story! The chemistry between our main four heroes was diluted by so many new characters being introduced. With so many new people and also so many questions for our old heroes, there wasn't enough time for any kind of (explainable) character development or for the viewers to connect with anyone on the screen. The only "character development" with one of our main heroes felt random and out of character and we aren't given much reason or warning for this change. I was also very disappointed with the writing behind Tina's character as her role was demoted from a strong willed Auror and woman to merely a side kick and love interest. Huge and important elements of the story were left for us only to assume what had happened when discussing the one year time jump between the two films (like the Jacob/Queenie relationship, Jacobs memory, etc.). As a whole, the film screamed "money hungry" and "franchise building" rather than letting us really connect with the characters. It also seemed as if they were only adding in twists that would surely get a reaction from viewers despite the fact that they not only discredited the original Harry Potter films, but just felt like unrealistic and a little too convenient! In short, as a huge fan of the Harry Potter Universe, I was disappointed, upset and felt really let down, and as a film goer, I was confused with the plot and frustrated with the lack of character connection and development! The only reason I have given a 4/10 instead of a 1 is for Eddie Redmayne's perfect execution of the shy, socially awkward but loveable and charming Newt Scamander and for the alluring performance from Jude Law's Dumbledore who leaves us wanting to know more of his history! But in the end, it was a huge disappointment as a stand-alone movie.
4 A movie this expensive and with a fan base as large as that has no right being this awful.The problem lies within the conception of this new saga. Either you tell a story of a magical zookeper with his cute baby Nifflers and quirky adventures to make children and easy to please adults go "awwww" or you tell a convoluted story about gay love, Dumbledore, Nazis and the Wizarding World War.Those should be two different things.They don't gel together at all.Why is Newt seen as a perfect candidate to look for Credence? Just so he can be in the movie again? The less said about the return of Jacob the better. Nagini is now a girl with a curse on her? And wizards pay to see her change into a snake in a circus. But Rowling already established, that changing into animals is what many wizards can do and it shouldn't be special at all. Even teachers and journalists in Harry Potter could do it. All this does is make everything more confusing. So Neville killed a Korean lady in the last movie? How awful! Way to steal his moment!It's just things like this that drag this movie down. The Titanic, Leta LeStrange, brother of Newt, Tina, Queenie (roofing Jacob to marry him, then joining the Nazis???), Grindelwald, Dumbledore, Credence (Dumbledore's brother?) .. the list goes on an on. This movie is bloated and stuffed with too many characters and plot lines I didn't care about. This is what you get when you want to please everyone.It made me smile when, at the end of the movie, all characters stand on the bridge at Hogwarts just to look at Newt having a talk with Dumbledore while being out of earshot. It's just a hilarious b-movie moment and that the director was serious about it makes it even more funny.This movie stumbles around with Newt and his fantastic beasts tied to one leg and a heap of uninteresting charactes on the other, being always where the plot needs him to. He has no business being there - similar to this movie.JK Rowling and Warner seem to think that all fans want is more lore thrown at them. But it's the characters that drew us into the world of Harry Potter.This franchise is in trouble. You can see it already by the evolution of the respective movie posters. In FANTASTIC BEASTS AND WHERE TO FIND THEM, the main characters and 20's New York are on the cover. Next up in GRINDELWALD are a boatload of characters and the Eiffel tower in the background (FANTASTIC BEASTS already very small in the logo). And for DUMBLEDORE'S SECRETS (part 3) we have Hogwarts big on the cover. It's like Warner, Rowling and the producers are so desperate as to shout "Please come back, it's about Hogwarts again!!! It's things you know!! Nostalgia!!"I think people are already more discerning today and don't have blind loyalty to a franchise that just doesn't deliver and doesn't know what it wants. It's gonna be tough if they really want to make 5 movies total of these. I can't see this gaining more fans over time.I give it 4/10 because relative to it's budget and fan base, it was just awful.By the way - what were the crimes of Grindelwald? Were that numerous that they warrant this title? I think not.
2 Truly horrendous. Easily the most disappointing film I have seen all year, on a fundamental level this film was flawed, the primary culprit bing J.k Rowling and the extreme amounts of creative dominance she must have been given in the writing process.First, I must praise certain aspects of this motion picture, although there is little to commend. The performances were for the most part a strength (Although some let the side down), most notably Jude Law as Albus Dumbledore was wonderful as the caring, charming and more complex young Dumbledore. In addition to this, I must comment that Johnny Depp was a surprisingly positive cast member, also Eddie Redmayne was alright, a little overdone on the mumbling aspect but still a pleasure to see. The rest of the cast was fairly competent with the exception of those that will be stated later on.The screenplay of this film, what can I say. I have only negatives to deliver on this aspect. I can only image that what occurred was similar to George Lucas during the Star Wars Prequels - constantly surrounded by people who would only say 'Yes' to all the decisions. Because they are the one who mad the great original series, surely they can do no wrong. Oh how history has repeated Itself.This screenplay fails on the basic fundamentals of story telling, show don't tell. Most of this picture is two hours of continuous uninteresting drear, badly written with actors struggling to convey the poor choices and dialogue delivered by Rowling. I may be mistaken but in one scene in particular, in Hogwarts, Theseus Scamander gets called a 'Weasley' - If this is memory is true, it is symbolic of the shoddiness and laziness of the screenplay and many of the the basic failures of this film.The film follows two almost entirely unconnected threads, one of Credence and the other of Scamander. Both are boring, and the juxtaposition between them is jarring and fuel for confusion. The Credence plot-line is particularly of failure, it is highly unclear and unexplained, and is just 45 minutes of useless meandering with no emotional impact or significance to the plot as a whole. I even found Ezra Miller to almost seem as of he was struggling to even portray this incredibly bland, standard and boring character. I am one who knows a fair amount about the Harry Potter universe and at first I even didn't get the Nagini reference, until she became a snake in a very unnecessary and out of the blue scene, for she has zero effect upon even Credences story, I cant remember if she spoke a single line, and was so badly delivered by her actress by the fault of Rowling's screenplay.Newt Scamander's plot-line was almost equally as uninteresting and badly executed, for in his plotline, he barely does anything. Once could have removed Tina, Jacob, Queenie, Leta Lestrange, Theseus, Yusuf and Abernathy and the plot-line would have ended in petty much exactly the same place. It is overcrowded, and it is truly a waste of acting talent. For all these performers are of a high caliber and here do nothing. All these characters were uninteresting with the exception of Queenie who had a somewhat interesting arc but was executed badly due to Rowlings screenplay, this singular arc had much more potential.This plot-line is extremely convoluted, Newt Scamander has just over an hour of screen time, despite this being his movie, he is surprisingly not in it a great deal. There is one scene in particular which evokes my mention of the lack of the basic "show don't tell" fundamental of story telling. In this scene Leta Lestrange, Yusuf and the rest of the gang excluding Queenie, they use flashbacks to explain a plot thread about one characters lineage. It is extremely convoluted, and involves the Titanic, forced exposition and some complain about forced diversity (In making one of the Lestrages Black) but I dot not say that is a valid criticism. Overall this is supposed to tie up and be an evocative emotional moment for the majority of the characters in the narrative, but as the characters had little to no initial characterisation, the convolutedness only adds to the boredom, as the audience simply does not care for what is being presented, as well as how it is just exposition bing vomited at the audience, it is flimsy, boring and at the most fundamental bad film making, and entirely undefendable.As a result, all of the new characters introduced in this feature hold no significance to the plot, nor are emotionally invested in, thus a waste of time. In addition to this, Jacob is fairly wasted in this feature, he doesn't grow as a character and simply tags along like a fish out of water that is no longer funny for the most part. Although the running salamander joke was effective, but this was his sole contribution to the film, all he does is look shocked or hold buckets.Tina Goldstein played by Katherine Waterston is absolutely wasted as both a character and an actress. Such promise laid in this films precursor and yet contributes nothing to this feature, she had no function to the story nor any emotional impact on the audience at all. A total waste of Katherine Waterston who is a great talent in other motion pictures.Gellert Grindelwald was played by Johnny Depp. And wow, what a mixed bag, one the one had he was handled well by Depp however in terms of characterisation and villainy, Rowling has really let the side down. Apart from the reasonably good opening scene, Grindelwald is unthreataning, bland and disappears for large chunks of the narrative. Fo a film which bares his name, he was hardly the focal point (Nor was Newt Scamander, thus who is the foci of this film?) Grindelwald flat out says he doesn't want to kill muggles, or hurt them, so why is he a threat? What are his crimes? All the characters simply talk about how bad he was, it is never shown apart from one cliche scene of killing a family, it hold little emotional wight or significance. Once again this flaw falls on Rowling and fundamental rule of "Show don't tell". Which I needn't divulge again. But this displays the fatal flaw of this film, how it fails on a very basic level, to deliver a crude, boring, uninteresting and convoluted product. In addition to this, Rowling includes very unsubtle Anti-Trump undertones which when delivered well can be thought provoking but in this film, are not delivered well and give an even more jarring and convoluted third act.Now in must explore the screenplay as a whole. Of the greatest holes in the consistency of this feature is its two concurrent plots. For they are strenuously linked and are left unexplained, this results in headache, confusion and boredom. Nothing is resolved by the end, since there was no real problem at the beginning either, it feels like over two hours of useless meandering just propped up by bad hints to earlier greater works and setting up a future series, and every single film ever made in which isn't focus was to set up more films has been bad. For this film has no describable plot, it's a mess. Unlike other more successful films that have set up a future, such as phase one Marvel or heck even the first Hobbit film, they had discrete narratives of their own, and characters to invest in, this film does not have those fundamentals.The plot-twists of this film are unconvincing and unimaginative and hold no weight other than that hey relate to earlier films. This a lazy trick used by Rowling and is simply bad storytelling. For due to the lack of proper character development or emotional weight, the twists hod, no impact to the audience and thus are simply cheap ploys used by Rowling to try and save the feature, which clearly didn't work on most of the audience.On a technical level, this film holds some good aspects. The sound design and visual effects are for the most part fun and vivid but are fairly standard by modern blockbuster standards. The cinematography though, oh my god, it is terrible. Extreme disorientating closeups then suddenly standard unimaginative angles. It is truly jarring. The colouration is so incredible bland, other than the blue fake dragon at the end, no other image sticks in my head as memorable or even noteworthy or fun. It is almost black and white, so grey and depressing. This doesn't feel like a family friendly fantasy film about fun silly creatures and a Magizoologist, this feels like a fascist take over. If I had children I wouldn't show them this film, its grey, boring and jarring, all things unsuitable for young children over great distances of time.As a result of the abhorrently bland cinematography and colour palette, the costume design, set design, makeup and visual effects all suffer. The image becomes flat, uninteresting, after the last film won the Academy Award (Oscar) for Costume Design, this colouration choice really does an injustice to this achievement, and to the hard work the costume designers must have gone to to trump their previous achievement. Nothing about this films image is good, its truly a mistake and must be fixed if people are to remember any future instalments, or find them fun. For this blandness works against the film, it is not stylish but instead is boring. Not like 'Schindler's List' which was in almost pure B&W which gave the film character or more recently the film 'Her' which used a lot of red hues to heighten the loving and bemused atmosphere. This film has no clear focus as to what its colouration/cinematography was seeking to achieve. For if it seeks to be dark, it belongs not in a film called 'Fantastic Beasts', the pathetic fallacy fails on a fundamental level, the semantic's do not match up. This film sis so confused in so many aspects. Even the score was completely unremarkable and completely forgettable, I cant remember a single part of it. Showing that its only function was to dictate emotion, not to heighten or compliment it as a good score does. 2/10.
1 Very big disappointment.Its just a filler for the next movies to come.Boring as hell. Not enough magic and not enough fantadtic beasts. The title should have been the rise of grindlewald.
1 After HairyPorter's series ended, JK Rowling felt she'd lost her huge stream of income, we couldn't afford it could we?So, to ensure her bank account will be as fat as possible FOREVER, as her devout and brain-dead cult followers we must donate our money however miserable and blatantly her movies beg for money.
4 If I were to describe this movie with one word , I would say it was a "Filler"
It was only after the movie that i was informed that the Fantastic Beasts "franchise" is going to be a 5 movie one . After I learned that , this movie's purpose became so clear to me .
I just watched a 2-hour movie in which the main characters had NOTHING to do with the plot AT ALL . This movie was all about Grindelwald finding Credence and convincing him to join his army so Credence would kill Dumbledore in the future .
Newt , Tina , Jacob and Quennie did nothing in this movie but couple-fighting and catching maybe 1 or 2 magical creatures.
We got to follow a story about Newt's childhood love , which led to absolutely nothing . The main characters just made it to the right place at the right time to spectate the end of the movie in which Grindelwald finds Credence , convinces him to join his army and boom , that is the movie . The only thing that Newt did is stealing the "blood-bond" between Grindelwald and Dumbledore by using the Niffler.
All in all , it was a really poor movie , the plot was shallow and it was totally a filler . It just gave us a little bit of magic but that's it . I give it a 4 only because i am a huge Harry Potter fan . This movie made me really unhappy by seeing my favorite magical world being milked for money . We don't really need 5 movies with the 2 being fillers , all we needed was 3 magical rides to the Harry Potter world . Thanks for reading this . 4/10
21 May 2019 I watched this at home on DVD from my public library. My wife started with me but left midway, she never got immersed in the story.In fact a "story" is not easy to find. The movie contains lots of "magic" and various fantasy beasts, some flying, some swimming. Grindelwald seems to be an untrustworthy magician, and a real rascal, and Johnny Depp plays him very well. It seems they want him dead but he is not easy to get rid of and the final scenes leave clues to the next installment.In my review 2 years ago of "Fantastic beasts" I wrote, "I really enjoyed the various Harry Potter movies, their stories were more clearly presented, but this movie, while mostly entertaining, is not that special." And I can say pretty much the same thing for this one. It was mostly fun to watch but not a movie that I would ever want to see again.
1 Not really sure how I can elaborate more on what other people have said, but yeah, very boring, long winded and confusing. If I hadn't watched the movie with someone who already saw it, I would have been lost. I had to keep pausing it and having them explain the plot to me. I was worried I was being a moron, but looking at other reviews, it seems I'm not the only one who was completely lost. Characters seemed to turn up out of completely nowhere, and some of the time, they're characters who have already been in previous scenes but since they weren't very well introduced or explained, I just kind of forgot they'd been in the film before. It's called "crimes of grindalwald", but he doesn't really do much of anything except walk around, all the film does is establish lore for the next movie.The reason I hated the first Fantastic Beasts was because it felt like one long trailer for the next movie. This movie just felt like a world building info dump for the third movie in what I presume will be a trilogy. I'm still waiting for the movie I went to watch 2 years ago and they keep holding it off. The characters aren't nice or lovable, or memorable, so when they turn evil or die, I simply don't care about it.The main character, whatever his name was, (just had to google it, Newt Scaramadger) is entirely unlikable and didn't really need to be in the film. Like, leave him as just a character for exclusively the first movie, and put all the content of the third movie into this one. all the grindlewald world building would only take like 15 minutes with him gone. And have grindlewald actually commit a ton of evil acts. His henchman does one or two bad things, but the man himself is legend for being a dark wizard and general menace, in this he just seems to be an extreme politician. I get the social commentary and all, but for a film called "crimes of grindalwald", i wanted to see him commit some. This film should have covered the period it skipped over. Why was grindalwald in jail? lets see him be friends with dumbledore. how did he become a dark wizard? all the stuff I'm actually interested in is skipped over, in favor of having some weird kid who turns into a floating black cloud who I don't care about be tracked down by everyone and treated like he has some important destiny that we aren't privvy to.But yeah, the plot was very messy and didn't make much sense. You shouldn't need a 300 IQ to piece together the plot of a Harry Potter film. I also felt myself questioning holes in logic in the wizarding world I never even had before, because this film didn't portray the universe very well. none of the charm of harry potter, just a bunch of special effects and a drab, predictable fantasy world that didn't make me excited one bit. Overall, will only watch the next one out of obligation, and will definitely wait until a friend or family member gets a DVD so I don't have to pay to see it.
6 Rum Diary (2011)If you're looking for the craziness of later Hunter S. Thompson, you'll find shreds of it here. In a way this is a more cogent movie than say "Fear and Loathing" but it's also a bit prosaic beneath the wilder stuff that peppers the surface. Johnny Depp stars and runs the show in his usual strong if uninspired way as a new, hard-drinking reporter with a failing English language newspaper in Puerto Rico.There is a true surface here that's pretty amazing--the cars, the low down rot of the apartments, the racism between the rich white Americans and the indigenous Puerto Ricans. The depth you might expect and want here is slim, however, even though all the pieces are in play for a great drama--a charming troubled writer in a land filled with prejudice and violence and great natural beauty. It pushes the clichs too hard, and it's generally agreed (even by Thompson) that the material is weak and "rambling." The movie doesn't rearrange it enough to make it work.You can in a way watch this for those surfaces, if you don't need too much more. There are several secondary characters who do their best to be a bit insane, including Giovanni Ribisi as a drugged out waif of a reporter, something like what Thompson himself might have become later in life. (See of course the Depp in the imperfect 1998 "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" for a sense of the famous freewheeling selfish addled sometimes brilliant Thompson.)The director here also adapted Thompson's book and if he gets the credit for the nice ambiance of the film he also gets the burden of how clunky, choppy, and sometimes slow it is, even with such exciting material. It's not a horror, it's watchable, but you'll flag here and there. Even the end, without giving a thing away, is a bit deflating.
1 This movie can be summed up in one word: boring. There's no story line, no jokes, no drama, no excitement, the dialogues are shale, bordering, to the ridicule. The characters are shallow and predictable, clichs all along. Depp is at his lowest, he seems like bored by himself. I've never seen him acting so lousy, he seems to have totally lost it. As for Amer Heard, the less screen time she gets the better. It's beyond me why she has been cast in the first place. It's obvious her talent lies with another movie genre with a more visual focus and very little dialogues. A most disappointing experience. So spare yourself this disappointment and employ your time with a more useful endeavor. For example reading the book.
5 The film begins with main character Paul Kemp (Johnny Depp) waking up in a luxurious hotel room in Puerto Rico after a heavy night of drinking. After chomping down a few aspirin, Kemp stumbles into the editors office of the San Juan Star and is given a dead end writing job. After a few chance encounters, Kemp becomes the center of intrigue and corruption while consuming copious amounts of alcohol."The Rum Diary" was originally a novella from the twisted mind of Hunter S. Thompson an eccentric journalist and novelist who in addition to smoking, snorting, injecting, drinking every drug, alcohol and carcinogen known to man, managed to change the face of journalism by calling it as he sees it. His writing can repel and enchant with equal measure and has a breakneck spontaneity which is rivaled by its frazzled incoherency.Incoherency would be the best word to describe this film. The story lacks any kind of focus jumping from a love story, a corrupt land deal, drunken antics, workplace politics and racial tensions. Watching "The Rum Diary" was like talking to a drunk grad student; little flashes of genius may linger but after what seems like four hours you realize you're talking to a drunken idiot and looking for the door.Thompson's other work adapted to screen shares a similar inconsistency but say what you will about "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" at least it was interesting. Director Bruce Robinson seems unsure behind the camera trying desperately to balance themes and while Terry Gilliam threw spaghetti at the wall to see what sticks, Robinson compensates by drawing out its screen time and keeping the camera-work and editing as dull and uninspiring as possible.The films only saving grace is the inclusion of Giovanni Ribisi as a cirrhosis addled, syphilitic cohort who takes LSD while listening to records of Nazi propaganda. His arguments with the Star's head editor (Richard Jenkins) provide some of the few precious moments of humor.The epilogue appears while Johnny Depp sails into the horizon explaining that while its the end of the story "...its the beginning of another." I would have liked to have seen the other story. At least by then the sardonic wit of Thompson was finally present.http://theyservepopcorninhell.blogspot.com/
9 I adored the novel, The Rum Diary and as an aid worker I related to many of the character's struggles. Although the film does stray quite a bit from the book itself, I think it's a perfect homage to Hunter S Thompson. The language still reeks of his Gonzo fury writing and manages to transport the audience into a drunken rant, as well as secretly educating them on the struggles of a free press. It had me laughing out loud on more than one occasion, as well as the packed out cinema that I viewed it with. I rated this movie a 9 and the last film I rated that high was The Shining. I personally think this film was perfect. The leading actress/actors were perfect and the supporting cast phenomenal, especially Giovanni Ribisi. The only problem with this film in my opinion is that if you are not a fan of the gibbering, artistically nervous tone of most of Thompson's work, this film may be too heavy for you. Although it's easier to follow that Fear and Loathing (which scrupulously stuck to the dialogue from the novel Fear and loathing), many would find the dialogue bizarre.Personally I loved every minute of this film and think it's already truly underrated.
3 Depp is Journalist Paul Kemp who arrives in Puerto Rico to write for the The San Juan Star. Kemp Immerses himself in the island's rum-soaked lifestyle, Aaron Eckhart is the shady property developer who recruits Kemp to write favourable things about his latest scheme, and it's down to the journalist to take the money or the moral high ground... 'The Rum Diary has loads of attractive elements the director 'Bruce Robinson responsible for 'Withnail & i' the beautiful setting, the excellent and faultless production design.The Tagline reads ''One part outrage. One part justice. Three parts rum. Mix well''. sadly this does not mix well, the screen adaptation of the late Hunter S. Thompson does hold one's attention with a superb cast Johnny Depp, Aaron Eckhart Richard Jenkins, Giovanni Ribisi and Amber Heard. the film would have been a far better experience if they perhaps were given a longer running time, the book was excellent but this adaptation is rather rushed, perhaps the cutting room floor has a lot to answer for?
2 November 2011 If you have had the pleasure of reading the great book from Hunter S. Thompson, "The Rum Diary" this film is not for you. And even if you did not read the book, this film lacks drama, cinematic style, character arcs, a hooking intro, and satisfying end. I am not sure if the writer/director Bruce Robinson spent the time to really READ the book. It's a DARK comedy, not a lighthearted love story. Hunter S. Thompson (played by Johnny Depp) was very depressed at the time, getting wasting, working minimal amounts, and having sex with any Puerto Rican girl that was interested. None of this was portrayed accurately in the film. One key factor that Bruce Robinson screwed up was eliminating the character of Yemon, which was crucial in the book. Instead this Robinson combined three characters into two, which isn't true to the book and does not work on screen. Another factor missed was the bar Al's which played a big role in the book. This was the local bar in which all the works at the newspaper went to everyday and got wasted at. Besides the two lead characters in the film, all the workers were alcoholics and Robinson failed at exposing the working environment of the newspaper.The ending of the book was tremendous; the boss Lotterman has a heart attack and dies when he thinks one of the employees was going to beat him up. Instead of using this great ending handed to him, Bruce Robinson steered away from that and it fell flat at the end. All in all, when adapting a book like "The Rum Diary," you have to stay true to the heart (balls) of the story. Bruce Robinson missed the dark tone of the book, did not develop the characters and the environment to its fullest extent. On top of that did a terrible job of exposing the beautiful landscape of Puerto Rico, shooting everything much too tight not allowing the viewer to get a true feel of the surroundings and native people. Instead of wasting your ten bucks at the cinema sit down relax and read an amazing book by Hunter S. Thompson, "The Rum Diary."
10 It's important to remember why this movie was made. It is for Hunter S. Thompson. That was really Johnny Depp's main focus. His goal is never to make the number one movie. He doesn't want to be a box office star. He wants to make movies that mean something to him and that is exactly what he did with The Rum Diary.With that said, he made a beautiful film for his late friend. He played Hunter S. Thompson so wonderfully and stayed true to his character. Johnny honored his friend in the best way that he could, and did a phenomenal job in my opinion. Aside from the film's purpose, if I had gone to see this with no knowledge of it's back story, I still would have enjoyed it. It was funnier than I was expecting and there was romance throughout. I was definitely interested the entire two hours. It is worth the price of a ticket because as usual, Johnny Depp delivered.
1 By the film's intentional anti-climax we learn that Hunter S. Thompson, who wrote THE RUM DIARY about his stint as a journalist in Puerto Rico in 1960, would go onto better things, taking on all the "bastards" he let slip by in his youth.The problem is, there's none in this movie worth troubling over, or for the audience to root against. Which means Johnny Depp's Paul Kemp (Thompson with a fake name) has nothing for an audience to root for: other than he's a popular actor that played a pirate who loved rum, and so does this character. (Every time Depp mentions drinking, he's practically winking at the audience.) Doing the same Walter Cronkite mumble from FEAR AND LOATHING IN LAS VEGAS, Johnny's performance is so low-key it hardly registers at all. His porky photographer sidekick Sala (Michael Rispoli) has more interesting and memorable qualities since he's sloppy and somewhat humorous. But in this film, there's a lack of anything meaningful beneath the surface... which is an existential odyssey misadventure, sort of... yet it sporadically plants a political flag; but other than clips of Nixon, or shots of poor people being exploited, there's nothing substantial to hold onto.The "plot" has Kemp hired as a journalist at a fledgling Puerto Rico newspaper, with the task of making the country seem like an accessible tourist trap, and then conned by a millionaire to be his propagandist  a man who seems nice at first, but has his eyes on turning the gorgeous exterior into a real estate landmine. He has a sexy girlfriend who Kemp lusts after, leading to a brief romance more lacking in chemistry than the film does purpose.As a Thompson fan, and having read his posthumous novel, it's a understandably difficult work to base a movie on. Making it that much more annoying when cinematic clichs  like the scruffy underdogs battling the greedy rich guys, or a drug trip that too easily propels a creative edge  are shoved at the screen: turning a subtle book never intended for publication into a ponderous film trying way too hard to make a point: whatever that might be.For More Movie Reviews: http://cultfilmfreakreviews.blogspot.com/
7 An alcoholic with ethics - who would have thought? That would be Johnny Depp in his portrayal of journalist Kemp, landing a gig at the San Juan Star in Puerto Rico. He doesn't know it yet, but he's being recruited to write flattering stories for conniving developers who want to change the pristine landscape of an unnamed nearby island into a tourist trap with a magnificent hotel. Teaming with an equally sobriety-free photographer (Michael Rispoli), the pair form an unusual alliance with yet another outcast from society named Moburg. I don't think I've seen Giovanni Ribisi in a role I haven't liked, and he plays up the degenerate aspect of his character to the hilt. What it all leads to is a take down of Hal Sanderson's (Aaron Eckhart) latest scheme for scoring millions, while losing his fiancee Chenault (Amber Heard) to the often bewildered Kemp. I got a kick out of the scene with the hallucinatory eye drops, though I thought more could have been done with it. The island cock-fights looked real enough, but the FAQ page for the film here on IMDb explains how it was done to avoid the PETA folks' wrath. As for the sequin studded tortoise at Sanderson's - it could have been diamonds or zirconium, depending on how much rum you've consumed.
7 Plot Summary Now if your the sort of person that needs a definitive story line and thick plot to enjoy a film then this probably isn't for you. Its more a 'fly on the wall' view of a young journalists struggles in a failing newspaper. Paul Kemp(Depp) is a young man trying to make his way in a new place, making new friends and enemy's along the way.What I thought of it I wasn't sure what I would think of this film, I new it has some great actors, such as Johnny Depp and Giovanni Ribisi, but the concept of the film was a strange one. I was pleasantly surprised, the director Bruce Robinson has done a great job with this film, which was always going to be a very tough job being adapted from a novel by Hunter S Thompson and technically having next to no strong plot.The film itself is stunning, the locations are amazing and well shot, and the editing style and shots work brilliantly with the type of film and more importantly with Johnny Depp, who has a massive screen presence in everything he does, including 'The Rum Diary'.This film has everything I want to see in a good movie, strong characters, great sets and brilliant comedy, along with meaning. It really makes you think about society and life nowadays and how primarily, nothing has changed in the way the world goes round and the sort of corruption and manipulation that still goes on today all around us, as it did back in the fifties, only less obviously.On a lighter note, this film is hilarious and great to watch more than once, there is something rather satisfying about watch a man drink huge amounts of high octane rum and have to deal with the consequences the next morning, something that makes you happy its not only you.Summary In all I thought this was a very enjoyable film for anyone to watch and have a good laugh at while loving everything about the characters. The acting is scintillating and exciting.I highly recommend this film to all, one to watch ..... 7/10 Stars*
30 October 2011 I have been waiting for the film adaptation of The Rum Diary to be released for quite some time now. I am a big fan of writer Hunter S. Thompson and his books, articles and films made from his writings such as Terry Gilliam's 1998 masterpiece Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Over the past several years I kept hearing that different people were attached to do The Rum Diary movie, but people would back out and just when it seemed like the film was ready it would be delayed. Finally it has been released and I can easily say that the film exceeded way past my expectations of it. I own The Rum Diary, but it has been several years since I have read it and till I watched the film, I could not really remember all that much about it. Basically just minor details. This is not because it is necessarily a bad book, but when I read it, I think I found that I liked a lot of Hunter S. Thompson's other writings considerably better. Fortunately for me the film translates really well to the screen and has given me a whole new admiration for the book and the film has easily become one of my favourite films of this year. The story just briefly takes place in the 1960's where an American writer and journalist named Paul Kemp, goes to Puerto Rico and gets a job at a rundown and failing newspaper as a writer. There he befriends some of the others who work at the paper and gets involved with a shady character named Sanderson, and also falls for his girlfriend Chenault. Throughout the rest of the film there is a lot of humour, despair, eccentricities and a lot that I absolutely loved. When the film version of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas came out, it was really divided by critics. Some absolutely loved it and others hated it with a passion. I can safely say that if Fear was not your film, you may still like The Rum Diary. Fear was all about having a good time and partying and seeing all the freaky things that came out of it. The Rum Diary is a much more subdued and low key film in that regard. There is drinking and some partying, but not a lot and it is not the focus of the film. The focus and main message that The Rum Diary was trying to get across is the decline and failure of the American dream, politics, greed and human nature. It is told in somewhat a bitter way, but it is making a point here and is making it loud and clear just as revved up and ready to go as any of Hunter S. Thompson's writings. The thing is the characters in the film know of this decline and it comes to the point where they try and do something about it, but there is no values, ethics or things left to save. The film at times is a beautiful looking film and at other times very bleak, drab and ugly. I say this in a good way because it really strikes home the conditions the writers are talking about and further adds to the message it is trying to convey and also show the lifestyle of where they are living. The Rum Diary is not all hopelessness and despair either. There is a good amount of fun to be had here as well. Some of the supporting characters are so out there and wonderfully unique that they made me laugh out loud several times. I really enjoyed the chemistry and forbidden love of Paul Kemp's character and Chenault, and found it really added tension and other interesting elements to the film. That acting here by everyone is superb and there is not one weak performance in the bunch. The film has the look, feel and style of Thompson's gonzo style journalism and his blunt way of saying things. It strikes home a message that some may already get and others perhaps not. It is important, but remember that there is also a lot of fun to be had here as well. This film is destined to become a cult classic because unfortunately it is doing poorly at the theatres. If you are at all a fan of Thompson, cult films, or just anything different I highly recommend you give this film a try. One of the year's best.
6 American journalist Paul Kemp (Johnny Depp) takes on a freelance job in Puerto Rico for a local newspaper during the 1960s and struggles to find a balance between island culture and the expatriates who live there.Let me just say up front that Giovanni Ribisi was the shining star of this film. He is often the highlight of those films he appears in, and it is a shame that people seem to know him by face but not by name -- this guy is a Hollywood treasure.Beyond that, the film has a great cast (Depp, Heard, Jenkins) and that can make anything seem good. Some scenes were indeed quite good (the tongue scene, riding the destroyed car). Overall it seemed like the movie was lacking something though... not sure what, but something.
13 March 2012 This film is about an alcoholic journalist who takes up a job with a failing newspaper in Puerto Rico.The first scenes of Johnny Depp in the hotel room and in the job interview are funny and entertaining, but quickly turns downhill and do not recover. It shows unsympathetic characters drinking alcohol non-stop. the tension between Sanderson and Kemp is inadequately detailed, while too much emphasis is placed on the character's irresponsibly hedonistic lifestyle. The pace is slow and simply does not ignite any interest for the viewers. By the middle of the film, I have lost all interest already.The story telling is so poor. The plot is told in an unclear manner. For example, does Sanderson stop his deal with Sanderson because Kemp brings Sala to the deal? Does Kemp expose the so called property scam because of his integrity, or just for revenge to Sanderson for calling off the deal? The film tries to make Kemp so righteous, but this is not in keeping with the way he acts in the rest of the film."The Rum Diary" is a misfired attempt on mixing drama and comedy. It makes me wonder what exactly the point of this film is.
2 OK, I understand that for die-hard Johnny Depp fans, this is probably something they have looked forward to and can enjoy. While I enjoy the actor's performance in general, the movie as a whole is very, very disappointing.It's a little hard to give a proper review on a movie that has, well, no real direction to the very sequential (I wouldn't call it "linear" because it's got too much randomness for it) events occurring in it. If not true to its title, it seems like whoever wrote the script or the book it was based on in a drunken stupor, going from one "adventure" into the next and shambling and swaying through it. There is no real binding plot, no "larger picture" that is interesting enough to be captivating, and it seems tied together with a far-fetched, almost haphazard thread to try and give it some semblance of coherence.As said, the main actor's performance is enjoyable, which is a plus, but otherwise I wouldn't recommend it. A giggle or two, maybe, and suitable for in-flight entertainment or afternoon TV, yes, but not for much if anything else.
18 November 2011 Paul Kemp (Johnny Depp) joins a newspaper in 1960s Puerto Rico and, from there, he befriends a seedy photojournalist. becomes involved in the affairs of shady businessmen, is attracted to a self-indulgent young woman, drinks far too much far too often, and gets embroiled in sundry other misadventures of one sort or another.I understand that this is based on a recently discovered largely autobiographical book by the late Hunter S. Thompson, and has been produced as a labour of love by Johnny Depp (with whom Thompson was friendly before his death). I know very little about Thompson other than that he was prone to overindulgence in artificial stimulants of one sort or another, and arrived at a premature death by his own hand.It is directed and written for the screen by Bruce Robinson, who was also responsible for Withnail and I, a film which I have so far managed not to see but which, I am aware, concerns a pair of dissolute individuals who wander around getting involved in various misadventures as a result of overindulgence in artificial stimulants of one sort or another. I think I see certain broad themes emerging. In praise of this film, I can say that it seems to summon up its time and place very well, the performances are good, and Amber Heard is gorgeous There is some amusement here and there, but this is not a comedy, and most of the humour was used in the trailer.On the negative side, however, it appears to me that it is perhaps a bit too faithfully adapted from the source. If the source book depicts a life where someone lurches drunkenly from one shambolic crisis to another, where the events are not necessarily connected to each other and don't necessarily matter very much in any event, then it has been adapted very well. The narrative flow here is sequential, but pretty random. In short, the film is a mess and this is probably because Thompson's book is a mess, and that's probably because Thompson himself was a mess. One admires Depp's commitment to his friend, but it hasn't resulted in a very good film.This was disappointing.
9 The Rum Diary is a drama conjoined with elements of playful humour, based on the self entitled novel by Hunter S. Thompson. The film boasts one of the most critically acclaimed actors Johnny Depp, who is joined by other noticeable stars such as Aaron Eckhart (The Dark Knight), Giovanni Ribisi (Gone In 60 Seconds) and upcoming beauty Amber Heard. Depp himself is familiar with Thompson when incorporating his novel Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas onto the big screen in 1998. With this in mind we were certain to expect elements of surrealism with maybe the odd drug usage now and then. The story is set in the 1950's and follows Depp through the character of Paul Kemp who moves to Puerto Rico as a journalist who is in search of work, a good story and possibly something more. With his new job comes new friendships, utter absurdity, vast amounts of alcohol all topped off with a blonde bombshell.The Rum Diary displays beautiful visual strategies in stages throughout the narrative. Being based on the island of Puerto Rico the camera work certainly fetishises the beauty of the island in the same way in which beauty Chenault (Amber herd) is captured. Her blonde hair and blue eyes offer the same satisfaction as long stretching beaches and deep blue oceans. The visual strategies are very creative and often juggle between states of mind that Kemp and others alike are under. This being most apparent in a scene between Kemp and co-worker Sala, when experiencing an unknown drug, which is taken as eye drops. Similar visuals between this scene and ones in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas can be matched, and anyone who is familiar to this film knows that experiences of intoxication are to be had. The hazy and slow motion camera work have been closely thought out to create these effects over us, the audience, as we are able to be a part of these actions.One thing that I have been highly impressed with is the script itself; people have mentioned that The Rum Diary has not lived up to expectations and could have been better. However, this is not my personal opinion and I will offer a different outlook on the matter. My expectations of the film were not high due to these reviews but I am an individual who likes to make my own assumptions. The storyline offered, in my opinion, intriguing characters that all offer special characteristics in the narrative. They have been well thought of and are strong and understood rather than being weak or pointless. Moberg, played by Giovanni Ribisi, is a violent, black mailing, alcoholic who works in the newspaper with Kemp and Sala but rarely shows up to work and on the odd occasion he does he is drunk. The character is built to represent the pointlessness of the newspaper and seems to have worked out what Kemp has yet to learn already. His far fetched logic and actions all add up to a comic effect in the story which present light relief to a dramatic storyline. Scenes involving Voodoo witches and Nazi uniforms add to the surreal yet humorous conventions The Rum Diary offers.As I mentioned, my expectations of The Rum Diary weren't at all particularly high but because of this aspect I think I enjoyed the spectacle more and was pleasantly surprised. The storyline keeps on going and I was never left with the feeling of it dragging on but left wanting more, which the film could have easily done without becoming numb. The characters are entertaining as well as fresh and the surreal aspects certainly are not typical in everyday Hollywood blockbusters. The film is defiantly worth watching in terms of its originality as well as the comical moments and strong storyline.Defiantly a film worth seeing and remembering. You don't have to be under the influence to enjoy this ride
10 I'm a huge Hunter S Thompson fan, but I was feeling very weary of this film since it has been shelved for almost a year now. I attended the world premiere last night, and I can report with absolute sincerity that if you loved HST's work, this will not disappoint.The one problem many die hard fans of the book may have is with the character of Sanderson. In the book Paul Kemp and Sanderson represent the dueling persona's of Hunter, one being a cutthroat athletic type, the other being the booze-hound anti-authoritarian. In this film, Johnny Depp plays more to the character being a young HST and combines the characteristics of both into Kemp. Some may have a problem with this, but the movie is stronger for it as you are only rooting for the protagonist while giving the story a strong antagonist, a necessity in filmmaking.In my eyes, this is Bruce Robinson's best work on screen to date, Johnny Depp is absolutely awe-inspiringly believable as a very young and constrained Hunter, and the cast could not have been more dead on. I'll be seeing this several more times in the theaters in the coming months.
5 Rambling film based on a long unpublished Hunter S Thompson novel is just okay. The story of a writer going to Puerto Rico to work on a newspaper and being faced with hypocrisy and corruption, not to mention lots of alcohol plays like a prequel for everything related to Hunter Thompson that follows......and thats the problem this film is kind of like being trapped in an amalgam of every Thompson story you've ever read. Whats worse every character seems not to speak with their own voice but with Thompsons with the result that outside of the few women, it's simply a bunch of differently dressed Thompson clones talking to each other. It grows tiring real fast and even as the plot spins out more and more there is a sameness to it all.Its not bad but it's nothing special either...and a little goes a long way
6 Good movie. Too bad Amber Heard can't be edited out and replaced with someone who isn't a piece of garbage. Can't watch it again with her in it.
29 October 2011 I have read the book and this movie holds true to the voice that Thompson writes with - this is what makes the movie works. Depp's role, unsurprisingly, mimics his portrayal of Hunter in Fear and Loathing (only with less drugs, not counting alcohol).The movie can, realistically, be summed up in one "revelation" Depp's character has with a rather unusual counterpart. Throughout the film we see examples of the opulent lifestyle of few and downtrodden livings of the many. What Depp confides with his "friend", allows us to use what we have learned up to that point in the movie and chew on for the remainder of the movie, is this - the banks hold the wealth while leaving us (and the starving children) to stare at empty brass plates hanging on their front doors. Whether you agree with it or not, this is not a stretch to compare with the "occupy" movement settling into America and around Europe today.This movie is good. Much like the original book, this movie doesn't try to entertain the viewer; it allows the viewer to sit back and follow along as one man experiences a lifetime of ups and downs in a matter of weeks. And be prepared to go out for a drink afterward, you'll need it.
4 I'm probably not a great authority to write about this film, being that I have never really paid much attention to the work of Hunter S. Thompson in my life, neither having read or viewed much of his written work. While others have his books and posters adorning their walls, for me he is merely a name and something about drugs. I'm not sureFrom watching interviews with Johnny Depp  on Newsnight of all places  you would think this was a political film about 'truth' in journalism. The film only really hints at this, however, focusing more on the fun and wild aspects of the time in Puerto Rico.The whole film, therefore, feels a bit like a precursor to something that never comes, with little real depth or intrigue. The style also disappoints, expecting more from 'Withnail and I' director, Bruce Robinson.More a Twitter feed than diary, this entertains on a basic level, but I can imagine that this isn't the hugely insightful piece that Hunter S.'s fans would have craved.
23 November 2013 I'm one of the uncultured folks who never read a word of Hunter S. Thompson in my life. If that describes you, too, then read on.The appeal of this film is geared toward the cult following of HST, capitalizing on the quirky "Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas" vibe that Johnny Depp created for the character. Apparently Depp was HST's friend in life, so we can expect a respectful, if not accurate, portrayal. Who knows if that's truly the case, but the Depp character is very likable and unique.The character comes across as intelligent, always seeming to understand things 1 level deeper than everyone else; however he never comes across as condescending, judgmental or cynical. That's the real beauty to me. For example he can sit and listen to his friend, a drunken Hitler fan, say some pretty racy and racist things, and he doesn't say a word. But in that deer-eyed look that only Depp can do, we feel the comedy of the awkward situation without feeling the bitterness of, say, someone rolling their eyes or sighing in exasperation.It's that innocent-yet-worldly approach that makes his performance such a treat to watch. The opening scene sets the character's tone for the entire film: he awakens in a hotel room looking like he had just spent the night drinking a small bathtub of booze. The locked mini bar has been ravaged as if by a pack of crazed ferrets. The room service guy stares in disbelief as Depp says, "I avoid alcohol" and then with that boyish smile "when I can." What can I say, that had me rolling right off the bat. The whole movie is somewhat low-key like that. There are no big punchlines, pratfalls or sight gags, but there are some absolutely classic moments like that which make you feel like you're part of an inside joke.The story itself? Well here's where I do know something about the book: many things were changed, and the ending itself was watered down. But it's still entertaining with a message: it's the story of a lone crusader who uses the power of journalism to battle the corrupt commercial powers invading Puerto Rico. I have to admit that the ending left me a little unsatisfied but not because it was weak. I didn't like it because it sorta injected a clichd, Hallmark-channel-type scene when this film is certainly not Hallmark-channel material. But really that was just a 30 second scene, and aside from that I thought the film was well presented.Of course there will be comparisons to Terry Gilliam's "Fear & Loathing" which established the HST-Depp character and his surreal adventures. Hardcore Gilliam fans might be offended by the mimicry, but I thought it was well played in the same way I enjoyed Peter Hyams' film "2010" which was a fan-doomed followup to Kubrick's untouchable "2001"."The Rum Diary" doesn't have quite as much surrealism & quirk, but it certainly has its fair share. There's a psychedelic drug-induced line about a man's tongue that had me in stitches. I won't spoil it, you gotta hear it for yourself.If you're a casual fan of "Fear & Loathing" (or maybe even a hardcore fan, who knows), if you like early Depp characterizations like "Ed Wood", if you like existentialist comedies about people who seem to be adrift in their own isolated world with their equally outcast friends, you might want to check this out.WARNING: One thing I didn't care for was the way it glorified cockfighting (all the characters seem to enjoy & profit from it). But at least there's no blood or mutilation shown, and the American Humane Association did monitor film production. Still it might be a little unsettling for people who don't like depictions of animal abuse.
4 Reporter Paul Kemp (Johnny Depp) takes a job in Puerto Rico, and falls for Chenault (Amber Heard) the girl friend of Sanderson (Aaron Eckhart), who has plans to build hotels on the part of Puerto Rico the US Navy is currently using as a bombing range as that lease is soon to expire. Sanderson hires Kemp to write the brochures to lure other investors. I tried very hard to find some entertainment value in here. The movie was actually shot in Puerto Rico and all I saw were tree lined beaches, poverty laced living conditions, a cock fight, one road that ran along the beach lines, a red corvette, and one modern gated house belonging to Sanderson. No other buildings were shown -- government or otherwise -- no hotels, no casinos within the hotels. I realize the year was 1960, but stillOh, I did also see many, many 1955 to 1957 Chevrolets, which answered a question I always had: where did they go?I tried very hard to find some reason I continued to watch as I was not being entertained. Nothing was happening. There was a lot of drinking, smoking, some drug use and language at times. Main character Kemp seemed to be stuck in neutral. He wanted to write, but was only given horoscopes to deal with probably because his editor knew Kemp was an alcoholic and couldn't be trusted with anything else. Kemp finds himself a part of a secret group of Sanderson investors who want to build hotels on land that may soon be available to them. Kemp is sworn to secrecy regarding this venture but later has a falling out with Sanderson.I tried very hard to determine what exactly Kemp would do in order to make some sense of all this. He had a plan to expose Sanderson for taking advantage of the citizens of Puerto Rico. However, nothing comes of this as the newspaper Kemp was working for goes under and there was no way to get the story out. What to do? What to do? So what was the point? If this was entertaining, I wouldn't have been too concerned, but it wasn't.I tried very hard to find some humor in here and, If there was any, it flew over my head. I tried very hard to like this movie because I like Johnny Depp. He and the supporting cast were fine but the script was underdeveloped and didn't go anywhere. Or maybe, in this sort of autobiographical story, by author Hunter S. Thompson, nothing actually happened to write in any diary and make a movie out of.The only thing I did like was that, when he drank, Johnny Depp's character didn't act like Captain Jack Sparrow channeling Keith Richards. Hey, that's something. (4/10)Violence: Yes.Sex: Yes.Nudity: No.Language: Yes.
10 Ohnny Depp plays Paul Kemp, a New Yorker hired to work at a newspaper in San Juan (1960). The paper is going down hill. The editor, Richard Jenkins, wants new blood, even though Paul appears to be everything he doesn't want in an employee. There is unrest outside, but no one at the newspaper knows what is going on. The humor is fast and witty. The man Paul is replacing was "artistic" and "raped to death" by sailors.Paul Kemp is a Hunter S.Thompson clone. He was hired because the editor likes his style of writing. He is placed in charge of writing horoscopes, something he makes up. He describes the obese Yankee tourists as "great whites" the most deadly creature known to man. They are afraid to venture outside of their hotel, spending their days bowling, gambling, and duty free shopping. The more you spend, the more you save. His writings tend to be cynical.Aaron Eckhart is a wealthy mobster/businessman, Amber Heard is his free spirited gf who causes everyone grief. Aaron needs a writer (PR man) with new eyes, and Paul sets his bloodshot eyes on Amber, a woman who considers clothes optional. There is also criticism of today's conservatives as Paul remarks about Nixon, "Some day some filthy hoar-beast will make him look like a liberal." While watching the Nixon-Kennedy debate, through a pair of binoculars on a neighbors TV, Paul is able to predict a Kennedy victory because "I do horoscopes." The humor is off-beat, cynical, and hard hitting like Thompson. A local proclaims, "This country was founded on genocide and slavery...then they brought in Jesus like a bar of soap."The movie is also critical of the dummy-down media who kills stories so as to not offend their advertisers. In the film, capitalism is destroying Puerto Rico, creating a war of haves vs. have-nots while Cuba turns to communism. A rich man claims, "Liberals are college educated communists with Negro thoughts." To them the problem with the world is the communists. The movie takes a leftist look at the world as it plays out in the microcosm of Puerto Rico.Paul is caught between the two worlds and must make a choice.The movie is not all political. Just as you think Paul has reached bottom, he discovers "a drug so powerful that the FBI gives it to communists." NOTE: LSD in liquid form, administered to the eye should be done in split drops with three full drops being way too much, possibly causing hallucinations...or so I've been told.Good acting, good script, funny and very entertaining. Staunch conservatives might be critical of the leftist views contained in this Hollywood film. A must view for Hunter S. Thompson fans.F-bomb, excessive drinking, drug use. Was that Amber topless is a dimly lit love scene?
7 Somewhere towards the end, the narrative of Bruce Robinson's The Rum Diary loses faith in itself.Up until this happened it felt so much more episodically close to its' novel adaptation, fast paced and fun but at a certain point the actors involved in The Rum Diary sort of start coming out of their characters.Just an assumption, but Robinson's nostalgia for Terrance Gilliam's Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas must have been what forced him to gradually break away from his commitment to his own linear narrative. Throughout the first hour and a half we didn't have Hunter S Thompson narrating this story. And I don't think Robinson realized that until the last thirty minutes of the feature.In Fear and Loathing Gilliam made a commitment to exploiting the drug abusing nature of HST. But Robinson couldn't do that as much in The Rum Diary and I think he wanted to, badly because that's what the last 30 minutes told me.As much as Robinson wanted to make this journey through Puerto Rico hallucinogenic the novel he was trying to adapt didn't call for it. And all that from Fear and Loathing is probably what really inspired Robinson to direct The Rum Diary in the first place. So toward the end it's kind of like Robinson thought 'wait, we still haven't shown them enough surrealistic hallucinations narrated by Thompson so he tacked on another thirty minutes of a possible story line.Up until that point we almost got somewhat of an authentic autobiographical epic of the late author obviously told from the perspective of someone besides. But that also meant by this point it was too late for the director to just suddenly turn over the narrative to Johnny Depp from behind the type writer of Thompson.At this point I began to feel like the words coming out of Johnny Depp's mouth were not the words of HST.If this was supposed to be a close adaptation to the book it didn't feel that way in the end.
10 For most of CODA's running time, I was enjoying it very much while at the same time thinking that it had a very safe, made for television movie vibe that was keeping it from greatness. But then there was that audition scene. If you've seen the movie, you know what I'm talking about. And from that moment forward, I was a mess. I'm obsessed with Emilia Jones's version of "Both Sides Now" on Spotify, and I'm already dreading the day I have to send my son off to college (he's 12, by the way).This movie is warm and earnest in the best possible way. Jones gives a marvelous performance -- it's too bad she couldn't have received more recognition for this. And Marlee Matlin and Troy Kotsur give equally wonderful performances as Jones's parents. A scene where Matlin tells Jones that she was disappointed when she wasn't born deaf, and another where Kotsur has his daughter sing to him while he feels her throat are two of the most devastating you'll see in movies this year.Grade: A+
9 A hearing girl in a deaf family, restricted by her dynamic, silenced by her surroundings with potential and passion attenuated, battles to be heard but oh what a song she finally sings - absolutely outstanding, with some of the finest, most sincere and most genuine performances you'll find. Take it to your heart and let it dwell.
9 A captivating and heart-warming coming of age story, with a perfect, powerful and earnest performance from Emilia Jones. It does a fantastic job of expressing its themes of family and chasing your dreams, whilst balancing it with some hilarious comedic moments. A definitely must see.
20 August 2021 This is a beautiful and heart warming film about a teenage girl in a marginalised family. I am very happy that someone made a film about the challenges of a marginalised and forgotten group.
9 There's nothing wrong with making a predictable and formulaic film, as long as you succeed in producing the emotion and reaction out of your audience. You can see where CODA is going, but it's so effective at what it does. There's a few laugh out loud moments (which I didn't expect) and the 3rd act is just as moving as films like Almost Famous and Sing Street, both movies with similar music/dream themes. There's something about those types of stories that appeal to me more than most people.9.3/10.
8 As the opening for Sundance, CODA gave us a delightful story of a hearing child in a deaf family. She finds herself torn between pursuing her love of music and her family's reliance on her to be their connection to the outside world. I would like to say how much of a crowd pleaser this is. All of the reviews have come back positive saying this is the best opener since Whiplash. The performances are good all around. What got to me most is the family dynamic. It's something really heart-warming to watch that put a smile on my face the whole time. The comedy landed well throughout. The same goes for the drama. Sian Heder is a good director and we see the heart put into the movie. The story is where some of my issues came from. It follows a typical storyline that we've seen before in movies geared toward teens. It became predictable along the way and some of the scenes felt too good to be true. But I understand this isn't meant to be something to breakdown and analyze. All in all, this is meant to make us feel good and that's exactly what it did. I look forward to rewatching this again in the future.
10 So far it's been rare to see deaf characters portrayed onscreen, let alone played by deaf actors. That makes Sian Heder's Academy Award-nominated "CODA" all the more important. Showing the challenges that a hearing daughter in a deaf family faces, it hits all the right notes (pun not intended).Another good movie about the daughter of deaf parents is the German movie "Beyond Silence".
10 This film has it all. It is hilariously funny. I hadn't laugh this much all summer long and this film really help my brain release the endorphins. My ribs hurt from laughing. The film has a tremendous amount of heart. This was a tear jerker by the end. All of the characters are so lovable and reliable. Watching Frank Rossi describe how to put a condom on in sign language to Miles was just ...agghhh amazing.Director Sian Heder knocked it out of the park with extremely laser precision on-point direction. Specially how he had the actors who played Ruby's parents react to the singing at the high school. Everything was so on point and believable. Emilia Jones was outstanding. Such a beautiful and talented redhead. Can you imagine how hard is to find an excellent actress that is also an amazing singer? Seriously, I am super impressed with the whole cast. If this is television, then Heder raised the bar very high. Not only was the direction fantastic, but so was the screenplay. It was witty, funny and intelligent. This should have been a theatrical film. Honestly, I'll keep it short because if I could, I could name about a dozen scenes in this film that I loved. It was one after another, freaking fantastic scenes.The only con I can think of was the title. Why an acronym for such a beautiful film?SOLID 10/10 and screw the haters. This film really deserved the 10.
8 Greetings again from the darkness. Ruby Rossi is a high school student. She is also a CODA - Child of Deaf Adults. Her older brother is deaf too, meaning Ruby's life has been spent as an interpreter for her family, while also working on the family fishing boat in Gloucester, Massachusetts, where they are treated as outcasts and viewed as oddities by others. Ruby also loves to sing and listen to music, activities she can't share with her family. This is no coming-of-age tale, as Ruby has long been wise beyond her years. It is, however, a story of a young person finding their true self and breaking from the ties that bind to the only life she's known.Emilia Jones (HIGH-RISE, 2015) stars as Ruby, and we first see her slinging fish on the boat with her father Frank (Troy Kutsor) and brother Leo (newcomer Daniel Durant). Ruby belts out songs while the two men handle their duties, unaware of the lovely melodies filling the air. At home, the dinner table conversation is handled through ASL (American Sign Language) with mom/wife Jackie (Oscar winner Marlee Matlin, CHILDREN OF A LESSER GOD, 1986) leading the way.At school, Ruby is an outcast due to her clothes, the lingering aroma of fish, and her "weird" family. With a silent crush on Miles (Ferdio Walsh-Peelo from the excellent SING STREET, 2016), Ruby signs up for choir, but freezes during the audition. The choir director, Bernardo (roll the r's) Villalobos, is played energetically and colorfully by Eugenio Derbez (OVERBOARD, 2018), and he offers encouragement to Ruby - mostly because she has a beautiful singing voice. Bernardo explains how her singing voice offers a path to college, something she's never before considered due to family responsibilities.There is a lot going on in this film from writer-director Sian Heder (TALLULAH, 2016). It's obviously adapted from the 2014 French film LA FAMILLE BELIER, and plays as a mainstream crowd-pleaser, when it just as easily could have been a deep cut indie film. Ms. Heder's approach means a larger viewing audience, though there are elements we wish had been further explored. The teen romance never really clicks, and there are hints that Bernardo's story holds more levels than we get. However, the Rossi family dynamics are quite something to behold. Father Frank wears his emotions on his sleeve. Sometimes those emotions are angry and bitter, while other times quite comical or even horny (for his wife). Brother Leo wants desperately to lead the family business towards prosperity. He has ideas for growth, but is frustrated being dependent on Ruby as a conduit to the community.Mother Jackie and Ruby have a typical mother-teenage daughter relationship. The mother wants status quo where the daughter remains an integral part of the family, while the daughter wants her mom to acknowledge the dreams for a different life - one that capitalizes on her talents. When Jackie questions her daughter on her singing, she does so in the most hurtful way possible (brilliant writing). And yet, when mom recounts Ruby's birth, the love is as clear as the disconnect ... and likely to draw a tear or two. Filmmaker Hader serves up numerous strong scenes, but two really stood out for this viewer. First, when Ruby is singing on stage, we "hear" what the parents hear, and their pride is obvious. The second occurs when dad asks Ruby to sing for him as they are perched on the backend of the car. It's phenomenal acting by Kutsor, and further clarifies a lifelong father-daughter bond ... and the first time he fully comprehends her talent. All four leads give strong performances, and it's a star-making performance from Ms. Jones (think a young Saoirse Ronan).Apple paid a record-breaking $25 million for the film's rights at Sundance, and the mainstream appeal of this family drama sprinkled with comedy and life messages is indisputable. So while my preference would have been more focus on the 'outsider' aspect of the Rossi family in the community, it's easy to see why this choice was made. It's an entertaining film that will likely land on many year-end "Best" lists. Maybe even mine.Streaming on AppleTV+ on August 13, 2021.
7 The story of Coda is a bit clich. Just by reading the ingredients you can already see where this movie is going. So no real surprises in Coda, you will exactly know the outcome way long before the ending. That said it's still an enjoyable movie to watch. A little bit emotional sometimes, which is almost normal as you feel compassion for the deaf people and certainly for the daughter that has a lot on her plate. Maybe a bit too much singing in my opinion but that's just because I'm not a big fan of singing in movies unless it's the music that I like but that's not likely to happen given my taste of music. Coda is predictable but it doesn't really matter as the acting is really good and that from the whole cast. Certainly worth a watch.
10 "CODA" is a beautiful looking, beautifully acted, emotionally draining movie. The last hour had me tearing up like you wouldn't believe. Everything about this movie works. I plan on watching "CODA" again real soon.
7 ... family friendly to the utmost degree... story-script exactly what's to be expected... no more no less... cast all filling their roles admirably... based on the French comedy-drama La Famille Blier from 2014... many reviewers indicating although they enjoyed CODA, La Famille Blier was-is the better film... TBC.
9 Me and my brother grow up in a family with both of my parents deaf, both of us were born not deaf and we had to go through the same thing that the movie captured, people used to laugh at us and our parents and we were young and we couldn't even understand why we were treated differently.The movie truly is a masterpiece with the acting specially the deaf acting and the way they described how deaf people live their life is very realistic.CODA (Child of Deaf Adults)
The story of Ruby, a child who grow up in a deaf family, they depended on her as she the only one who could speak, and when she found her passion about singing, she has to decide whether she continue helping her family or leave them for college.It's enjoyable and different I highly recommend this movie.
9 If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free reviews, please follow my blog :)I know Sundance is one of those festivals that carry dozens of impressive, impactful films from writer-directors that really throw themselves into the art of filmmaking and storytelling. I anticipated being blown away by many movies that I knew nothing about or didn't recognize the crew and cast involved. I expected some films to emotionally impact me so much that I'd save them close to my heart until the very end of the year. With this said, I was unbelievably far from imagining that the very first viewing would be a heavy contender for my absolute favorite movie of the entire festival.CODA (Child Of Deaf Adults) is the first film I watch by Sin Heder, and after this session, I can't wait to see what she did so far and what she's going to do in the future. The clearly interesting premise is developed through a much more emotional narrative than I expected. From rich visual storytelling to exceptional use of sign language, Heder is able to capture something unique and deeply important to transmit to the audience and to today's society. The world was fortunate enough to get Sound of Metal last year, and CODA reinforces the essential message that being deaf must not be seen as a massive disability or a brutal handicap.As the movie cleverly communicates through its impeccable screenplay, having some sort of "limitation" doesn't automatically characterize someone as weird, different, or that the respective family members don't love each other as much or more than the so-called "normal" families. Except for a somewhat insignificant love relationship featuring the main character (that could have brought up an entirely different, unnecessary, and even distracting topic to the film's central, vital themes), I was incredibly invested in every single storyline.In fact, I find every interaction within the deaf family much more compelling and captivating than any other dialogue in the movie, and this is mostly due to the amazing performances from the cast. Leaving the protagonist to the end, Daniel Durant (Leo Rossi, brother) and Marlee Matlin (Jackie Rossi, mother) are great as supporting characters, but Troy Kotsur (Frank Rossi, father) and Eugenio Derbez (Bernardo Villalobos, music teacher) literally left me in tears with their heartfelt displays. I could feel the outstanding commitment to their roles, and I'm delighted that Bernardo Villalobos isn't just another stereotypical, cliche, hysterical choir adult.However, the biggest praise in my bag must go to powerful glue that holds everything together, elevating the whole film to a whole other level: Emilia Jones as the only hearing member of the family, Ruby Rossi. First of all, I love music, and Pentatonix is actually my favorite group (acapella or not), so hearing so many wonderful voices singing together would always be a massive plus for CODA in my review. Nevertheless, not only Jones' voice is sumptuously heartwarming, but her performance has everything an actor needs to receive acting nominations. I can't remember the last time I was fully invested in a single character in such an emotionally powerful manner, and Jones is definitely a major reason.A final praise to Paula Huidobro's visually grabbing camera work and Marius de Vries, who composed the movie's subtle yet efficient score and who I'm guessing had a hand in the song choices. Either way, terrific job.CODA may very well end up as my favorite film of the 2021's edition of the Sundance Film Festival, and it will undoubtedly become a must-watch movie when it's available worldwide. Sin Heder offers her impeccable direction and beautifully written screenplay, which is packed with emotionally powerful moments that left me tearing up for the last forty-five minutes. Boasting an educative, meaningful message regarding the deaf community and what our society perceives as a tremendous handicap/disability, the characteristic visual storytelling and the captivating interactions within the deaf family prove to be incredibly investing, deeply elevating the overall piece. With the help of heartfelt, genuine performances from the supporting cast (mainly Troy Kotsur and Eugenio Derbez), Emilia Jones takes off and lands one of my favorite female performances in a long, long time. A tear-inducing, thoughtful film that I hope will conquer audiences all around the world.Rating: A
27 June 2021 I could complain about how they felt the need to adapt a French movie from years ago... but I am just happy that this story gets to be shared with more people. Lovely story, coming off age, family relations. The resulting movie is a great feat, showing people a world they are not familiar with.
10 Just great,my hearing son did a year at a norwegian ''folkehgskole''for deaf adults,and told me just like CODA tells,if you got a witty fantasy,you might die from laughter at the best moments.a must see and 10 stars from the GOM.
8 Ruby Rossi (Emilia Jones) is a Child of Deaf Adults. Her father Frank (Troy Kotsur), older brother Leo (Daniel Durant), and mother Jackie (Marlee Matlin) are all deaf. She is their interpreter and tries to protect them from the hearing world. She wakes up at 3 every morning to join the family fishing boat as the only hearing crew member. At school, she joins the choir and her teacher, Bernardo "Mr. V" Villalobos (Eugenio Derbez), takes an interest in her. She finds herself torn between helping her family at home or setting off into the world on her own.This is sweet. It is surprisingly funny. It has family drama. It's a coming-of-age movie. It's an Oscar best winning picture. Every one of those statements are true but the last one leads to a debate. For sure, this is not the most artistically adventurous film. It has an interesting subject matter but it's not pushing the envelope as much peeling back the layer. This film is actually a very audience-friendly film. Years from now, this will unlikely be a big sign post of this cinematic era but it's not going to be hated or anything like that. It's a sweet little film.
8 CODA is a movie I expected to like, and I was not disappointed. Each member of the cast is pulling their weight in this thought-provoking family drama. I was especially impressed by Eugenio Derbez as the music teacher and Daniel Durant as the overlooked brother. This film could have been melodramatic, sappy, or preachy, but instead it's a realistic emotional ride.
10 While the film leans a little too heavily into the (inaccurate) trope of Deaf people not understanding music how its story is executed with grace and humor results in a moving wonderful film. This is a universal story of a young woman learning to develop her own passions and chart her own course. It is also the story of family meeting the challenges of the world head on and how that can impact interpersonal relationships. It is *not* a film about how Deaf people are just so helpless or disadvantaged by society. This is a flesh and blood family-they fight, they deal with sexuality, they deal with friendships.The cast is the best feature; I would be hard pressed who gave the best performance. Every character is brought to life in naturalistic unstated performances. But I think Kotsur is given the two hardest scenes-dramatizing how a dad comes to indirectly see his daughter's talents-and he rises to the challenge. Kotsur does give my favorite performance of the year.The other great feature of the film is simple elegant shooting style it has. This film isn't flashy at all but it is so well calibrated that the humor blends seamlessly with the pathos. This could have been coy or excessively sentiment; instead Heder hits each beat and moment just right to bring the Rossi family to life.
5 "Coda" is a nice little family movie about a talented high school girl with a remarkable voice living with her family who happen to be all deaf. Her dad and brother, who are deaf, work as fishermen and Ruby serves as their interpreter. She also longs to study music at the prestigious Breklee College of Music. Her school teacher, Mr. Bernardo (Eugenio Derbez), pushes young Ruby the excel herself at being a singer.The movie is not bad by any means. It is entertaining if rather "flat" throughout its entire length. There are no overtly dramatic parts, no serious conflict between any of the characters, no tragedy, no overtly goofy parts and no twist ending. Aside from a few kinky scenes, this is really Disney-like fare that could be enjoyed by the entire family.With this said, I just fail to see this movie as Oscar material. Best Movie??? Best supporting actor? If you cast a deaf person playing a deaf person, would you consider that "acting" or that person playing basically himself? There's no outstanding musical score, no jaw dropping cinematography, no definitive performances by any of the actors, no nothing. It's just a plain "good" movie, period, but nothing that would warrant any Oscars. Sure, the academy does this from time to time, but this looks like an ABC Monday night movie, with all due respect. As for Eugenio Derbez, who I think is a great guy and one of Mexico's top comedians, there's not a single American movie where he doesn't justify his heavy Mexican accent by saying he's from (drum roll): MEXICO! You don't see Salma Hayek saying she's from Mexico in her movies, why should Mr. Derbez do so?Anyway. "CODA" is an ok family fun film that doesn't break ANY new ground and is an unlikely memorable one. 5 out of 10.
24 March 2022 Because CODA is an acronym for children of deaf adults, you'd expect the Oscar-nominated film of the same name to be about deafness. I'm here to tell you it is not, for it is above all about family challenges, teenage trials, and the power of education. While the central family of this romance is deaf, played mostly by deaf actors, with one exception, using ASL communication, the film's title is a metaphor for a story whose many layers reveal truths about life that transcend deafness.Rubi (Emilia Jones) is the only hearing member of her loving four-member family in Gloucester, Mass., and figuratively she hears the conflicting sources of discord as she navigates between her emerging singing talent and her necessity to be the translator for her family's fishing business. For any teen who moves slowly to distance herself from family so she can go it on her won, CODA will resonate, hearing or not.This coming-of-age drama plays out against a community yet unschooled in dealing with otherness, viz., fellow humans with special needs and talents, but outside of the community's normal experience. Not everyone can be as understanding or resilient as dad Frank (Troy Kotsur, with an Oscar nomination for best supporting actor), who initially goes nose to nose with ignorance, but who gradually adjusts to the town and his lovingly rebellious daughterEducation is often a game changer, and in CODA it is no different. Rubi's choir director, Mr. V (Eugenio Derbez), sees her voice gift and gives his time to coach her for a Berklee School of Music audition. His dedication to her, with his tough-love methods (J K Simmons in Whiplash but sweeter), is a convincing statement about the right way to teach and the power of education done right.CODA is much more than about deafness: It reveals the many hurdles teens and parents face getting to their higher levels. While it lacks the luster of Little Miss Sunshine and has a midlin' sap index, it succeeds in figuratively adjusting those of us who have a deaf ear to the demands of achieving happiness through, you guessed it, LOVE.CODA deserves its Oscar nominations (it garnered the most awards in Sundance history, after all!). If you take a free week's subscription from Apple TV to see it, you'll thank me and certainly sing Both Side Now (Rubi's audition song) for days if not forever.
4 The best movie of the year? CODA is in my opinion a solid movie, rather formulaic and slightly sleep inducing. Not the acting nor the story, really nothing makes CODA in my opinion special - don't get me wrong, CODA is no bad movie, a solid one, yes, but special? No. CODA is one of those coming of age feelgood movies you expect to watch on TV. The French-Belgian movie La Famille Blier is not a masterpiece but the in my opinion the stronger one - so the best movie (according to the Academy) of 2022 is a remake produced for a streaming service. Nothing more to say.
6 It's not bad, Emilia is loveable, very nice voice.This remake version basically skipped all the best parts from the French version, just tried too hard to avoid copying, and I was not touched at all.If you find this movie good enough to earn 8 stars, then get tissue papaer ready and try the original version, you will give that a 12 stars(guarantee) .
22 August 2021 A coming-of-age comedy drama that's crafted with sincerity & brims with authenticity, CODA covers the journey of the only hearing person in a culturally deaf family who finds herself torn between following her dreams & fear of abandoning her parents in pursuit of her passion. It is a simple, heartfelt & crowd-pleasing delight that's further bolstered by its welcome inclusivity & emotional purity.Written & directed by Sian Heder, the premise is nothing new and the route it takes is also a familiar one but the emotional beats do strike the right chord with the heart and makes it an endearing, arresting & heartwarming roller-coaster. Its portrait of deaf community in typical, day-to-day settings is carried out with care & understanding and the family dynamic is both relatable & thoroughly captivating.The small-town setting, radiant camerawork, intelligent wit, breezy pace & silent interplays add more exuberance to the experience but it's the performances from its entire cast & the spot-on chemistry they share with one another that strengthens the picture from inside out. Emilia Jones is impressive as our protagonist struggling to juggle her family's interests with her own and she is brilliantly supported by the rest.Overall, CODA (Child of Deaf Adults) takes an existing coming-of-age template, doesn't try to subvert any of the genre tropes, and even features an ending that's predictable from afar. Yet it is brought to cinematic life with so much heart, warmth & affection that the film's honesty & humanity not only stands out but shines through. Add to that, it serves as a powerful reminder of why representation matters and the difference it can make when done correctly.
10 A window into a life most people do not know through the eyes of a wholesome girl trying to find herself. All the acting was very good but I was especially moved by the father and brother characters. Quarantine has numbed alot of feelings and this movie invites you to really feel. Thank you CODA!
8 The Cinemark near me has started to show Indian movies. Not feeling like sitting home tonight, I decided to catch this one, and luck was with me.My image of Indian movies, I confess, was that they were mostly musicals centering around a love story involving a very beautiful young woman and a very handsome young man, with lots of elaborate, high-energy dance numbers to keep things going.There is a love story here, but it's not the focus of the film. There are also a few large and very impressive dance numbers, but only a few. (The men's dancing, extremely athletic, astounded me.)Rather, this movie focuses on the story of two young men in 1920s India who, each in his own way, are fighting against the English occupiers.The English are portrayed as inhuman monsters. Very often, they made me think of the worst atrocities committed by the Germans in France during World War II, or the most rabid racists in the American South. The first time we see the two male leads dancing, a link is indeed made between the Indians and what appear to be Black American musicians.Every time the Indians manage to take revenge on the English for their inhuman abuse of the Indians, you cheer - but at times I wondered if I would have cheered watching a parallel movie about Blacks taking revenge on white racists who had mistreated them in the American South, especially if I had been in a movie theater where, like tonight, I was the only audience member who did not belong to the oppressed population. Imagine Spike Lee, for example, able to make a movie in which he did not have to worry about selling tickets to whites as well as Blacks, and you have some idea of how anti-British colonials this movie is. It is the difference between a society in which the oppressor was a small minority of the population vs. Here, where Blacks are a minority of the American population. I don't want to push this comparison too far. The movie only makes the connection in one scene. But this is very definitely a movie that focuses on the story of a brutally oppressed people seeking freedom from an inhuman oppressor, rather than just a series of dance numbers.I don't speak any of the Indian languages used in the movie, but I had no problem following what was going on with the subtitles, which were almost always easy to read. I'm sure there were cultural references I didn't catch, however, especially at the end in the final big dance number, which seemed to be presenting India as a nation of different regions and cultures all united in one.The director and cinematographer definitely deserve praise. There was one very striking visual image after the next, especially during the battle scenes. Ram Charan, dressed as a "native warrior"-if that term means anything anymore-flying through flames was breathtaking.So, if you've even been curious about Indian movies, give this one a try. Yes, it's three hours long, but trust me, the time goes flying by. This is truly an action movie, a mixture of visual fantasy and often very graphic realism that held my interest to the end.
10 The last time director SS Rajamouli managed to wow the audience was in 2017 with the film Baahubali: The Conclusion. It took him 5 long years for him to conceptualise his next film RRR, shoot and bring it to the silver screen. Pulling off a multi-starrer with Jr NTR and Ram Charan in the lead roles might seem an accomplishment in itself. But Rajamouli manages to deliver even when it comes to the story.RRR is set in the 1920s and revolves around the lives of two revolutionaries - Alluri Seetharama Raju who waged an armed campaign against the British and Komaram Bheem a tribal from the Gond tribe who fought against atrocities heaped on his people. There is no historical evidence to show that the two ever met or fought together but Rajamouli reimagines history and weaves a story around their meeting.RRR runs on a relatively simple premise. There's 'fire' - an angry, young police officer Ramaraju (Ram Charan) who is both revered and feared by the British. He has done their every bidding for years, he is the one they sic on anyone they want to capture and yet, he is the one who's never given enough respect due to the colour of his skin. Then there's 'water' - sweet, simple, innocent Bheem (Jr NTR) who has brute strength but uses it only when it serves his purpose. He's a Gond tribal who has come to the city to rescue a young girl called Malli, who was taken away by Lady Scott (Alison Doody), to be the singing doll 'on (her) mantelpiece'. But that is just the beginning of the tale.Rajamouli's new calling cards seem to be building new world. Because, despite being based on two revolutionaries from history, RRR has a story that's completely fictional. Delhi of the 1920s becomes his new canvas. Bheem might have fought against the Nizams, so much so that one of them finds it imperative to warn the British that he's not to be taken lightly. But he also finds shelter with Muslims in Delhi. Ramaraju might seem like a well-trained soldier who will follow instructions blindly but he also seems to have a past no one but his uncle (Samuthirakani) knows about. Scott (Ray Stevenson) might believe 'brown rubbish' deserve even a bullet to be wasted on them but Jennifer (Olivia Morris) seems more empathetic. This is not the freedom movement where you turn the other cheek, this is the one where you use your hands as weapons.The first half of RRR runs like clockwork. There's the emotional core in Malli, there's the song and dance with Naatu Naatu (it'll make you smile) and a friendship explored through Dosti, there's even a few laughs whenever Bheem tries to befriend Jennifer. Cinematic liberties are taken but they don't seem as noticable as in the later portions, half where the film falters a bit. The way Ramaraju's fianc Sita (Alia Bhatt) is woven into the narrative, apart from Ram Charan's transformation to another look also seem forced in a tale that was smooth sailing. After the way Bheem is set up effortlessly despite nothing much being told, the way Ramaraju's story unfolds seems strained. The climax leaves more to be desired. The good thing however is that the film manages to surprise you. Rajamouli also manages to use certain tropes set up in the initial portions of the film in the latter portions cleverly.None-the-less Rajamouli manages to pull off something people have been pining for - a commercial, action drama that will keep you thoroughly entertained - which it does. The length also doesn't prove to be a hindrance, thanks to a tight screenplay. The VFX in certain portions could've been better. Jr NTR pulls off his career's best performance. He's charming as Bheem, especially in the emotional bits and his desperation to find Malli comes through well, so does his love for Ramaraju. Ram Charan also does well, pouring soul into the transformations his character goes through. Tarak and Charan's roles require them to have chemistry, which they do. Alia Bhatt, Olivia Morris, Samuthirakani, Ajay Devgn, Shriya Saran and others play their parts well. Olivia in particular manages to win your heart. Alison and Ray breeze through their roles. Keeravani's OST for the film might not be for everyone but he does well with the BGM. Senthil's camerawork is a delight too.RRR is made for a big screen viewing. The cinematography and visual aesthetics paint every frame in a radiating manner. Oodles of flamboyance is something one has come to expect from Rajamouli now. The background score thuds with relentless urgency and repetition, unapologetically melodramatic and quite smitten with itself. It numbs us into submission but post-interval as the pace falters a little, the pleasures dwindle too.RRR is perfection by any means because after the way Rajamouli pulls off certain scenes, you wonder if he could've done a better job in others. But watch this one this weekend if you've been longing for a good action packed drama. Especially so if you're a fan of the lead duo.
10 RATED 10/10
Language: Telugu
Media Partner: Zee5
Source: Nil
HIGHLY RECOMMENDEDMovie starts with two hero introductions, that itself like full meals satisfaction...Really the trailer shown the 30% of the movie, it has much more action blocks and goosebumps moments in the movie... its real double treat. Mass moments also doubled with dual heroes... Naattu song is the cherry on top, whole theatre goes mad on this one... the interval block action sequence is real jaw dropping one, even though we can guess this one, but cant guess the scale...Second half starts with bit slow flashback, but it picks up to the peak immediately. Second half has more sentiments and more screen space for RC. RC outshines NTR in lot of places... All the action blocks are gravity defying but enjoyable.... After credit Janta song has cameo from Rajamouli. When the movie ends it was like completing the festival celebration....Exceeding expectations in all aspects....
10 I'm not a native Telugu speaking audience so the first time i was exposed to ss rajamouli was when i saw eega that movie also i watched because i heard that ajay devgan was dubbing for the film from that day to this day you can say I'm a fanboy.RRR bleeds ss rajamouli in every frame from the action to dance to the most mundain dilogue it has what i call rajamouli pitch to the film. The filmis three hours long but it never feel like it,the editing and cinematography is awesome the only bad thing about the film is the songs are not as good as his favourite filmsThe film is casted perfectly Ram Charan has played his most wonderful character, NTR has restraint yet powerful presence to the film Alia Bhatt is graceful. All the foreign actors are well casted special mention to the Olivia moris. Ajay Devgan is awesome even in a limited screen presence i would be tempted to say he outperormed both the heros of the Film.The best thing about the film though is the action choreography and it was expected to be good but that have surpassed my expectations same goes with visual effects.The action set peieces were meticulously planned and perfectly excuted.The film will leave you with a wow and it will touch your heart one way or another.one of the most wonderful films i have seen in past few years.
9 Just watched #RRR. Are u going to read this review. Review less film, The Tag S. SRajamouli is enough to watch it Mind blowing, Charan,Tarak performances are Top notch , I think they gave carrer best performance. Vfx,Music, Production design every thing is Back bone of film, review is not more than this because Enjoy this master peice only in threaters.... once again #RRR Pride of Indian cinema , Take a bow captain of the ship s.s rajamouli garu 4.5/5
At last Dont encourage Piracy ,Enjoy those Veralevel Action Scenes only in Threaters.
9 Total militaristic propaganda on a scale that is as immense in scope as a David Lean and as bloody and brutalist as Mel Gibson. It's certainly nowhere near as subtle as the former (well, duh, kids), but it also manages to be rapturously stupid it's gruesome violence than anything the latter would do. My wife with me also pointed out Zack Snyder but far superior visa vi "here's a man with something to say... and it's LOUD and SLOW MO" and I concur up to a point. And if you don't like British people, boys and girls have I got a smorgasbord of "f the Brits" for you (it's alright there's the one good lady one).But what experiencing all 187 minutes of RRR truly is - and final peppy and totally dissonant music number included that is the run time - is going to the All You Can eat buffet where you are not going to leave for like 10 hours: it's a somber and powerful war movie, a Gritty Run they the Jungle slaughter fest, a Cornball treatise on Friendship, a (at times very literally) fiery call to arms against the British or any Colonial power, a sliver of romance for good measure for Bheem, and for five to ten minutes a deliriously exciting Step Up dance-off movie. It's exhausting and crude and at times laughable (all those CGI animals oh my), and I had an absolute blast. You know what you're in for when our two heroes first meet under the bridge surrounded by fire. If you're not with it by then, leave and don't come back.I know this is not historically accurate (LOL), but who needs accuracy when the exploitation-meter needs breaks through the glass and becomes a superhero bent on saving everyone with all the guns? This is gloriously crazy but it's totally sincere. Oh, and Ray Stevenson: performance of his career! (If only Aamir Khan was here, 5 stars easy).
10 A story about 2 individuals and their respective missions. Its has nothing to do with the India's independence and all....Alluri Sitarama Raju and Komaram Bheema played by Ram Charan and Junior NTR had done an amazing performance. They just toiled for this movie...Visual Effects, Action Stunts, BGM was the highlighting factor as we focus only on story line it will be a disaster as these commercial elements is required to make the audience watch for 3hrs...Breath taking action sequences during the Hero's introduction, interval and at climax which we should definitely expect from a Rajamouli Film...Sabu Cyril production design was fantastic as he able to met the expectations of the director.Alia Bhat failed to impress whereas Ajay Devgn done his cameo performance very well...RRR is all of mass movie with high octane action sequences...The cinematography especially was fabulous as an it just able to say us "Whoaaa"Nattu Nattu song was just awesome as we could see the fast pace Junior NTR and Ram Charan doing their steps and that too with a proper coordination which just have to be experienced over a big screen..Overall its a visual impact treat which at PVR big screen or at Dolby Atmos can be watched.. That kind of efforts the team had put...So RRR a mass entertainer visual impact movie.
10 Believe me after a long time a good movie come and you will enjoy every scene of this movie . Background music is awesome . Jr. NTR did best and ramcharan is also good . You fill goosebumps when they both come together.
10 #OneWordReview...
#RRR: TERRRIFIC.Blockbuster
#SSRajamouli gets it right yet again... #RRR is a big screen spectacle that blends adrenaline pumping moments, emotions and patriotism magnificently... #RRR has the power and potential to emerge a MASSIVE SUCCESS.
8 The greatest achievement is not making an industry defining franchise but to give the right follow up to it. Expectations are higher, challenges are higher and the chances of a misfire is at its highest. Visionary directors like Spielberg and James Cameron have proven it on the biggest stage but in Asian cinema, Rajamouli has established himself as the master of making magnum opus movies.The Bahubaali films aside from being box office behemoths, helped Telugu film industry to be popular across the country. Naturally, RRR is expected to reach that benchmark and it does largely to the fantastic lead performances from Ram Charan and Junior NTR. After multiple delays due to the pandemic, RRR hit screens at the right moment without compromising the post production work to hit the screens quickly.On a technical scale, it outdoes Bahubaali considerably. Even the unrealistic action sequences exhilirate you so well that you forget about the logic going out of the window. The criticisms of RRR is it's lack of screentime and proper writing for it's female characters. Like all Indian films it has the troupe of a damsel waiting to be rescued by our macho hero. While Junior NTR and Ram Charan play compelling leads it's tough not to wonder if they were playing The Hulk and Thor, considering they are unfazed by wild animals and bullet injuries.Ultimately RRR is a well made semi-fictional historical drama with the right amount "mass" movements to satisfy the audience. Rajamouli has clearly done his homework and has shown us again why he is the most consistent director in Telugu cinema.
10 The tag SS Rajmouli is enough to watch the movie. Plz don't compare Rajmouli to other directors, SSR is a brand.1st half will give you goose bumps in every scene. I'm tired of screaming in the theatre, Jr. NTR acting will make u stunned. Songs, dialogues are fabulous. Interval scene is beyond expectation. Deadly combo of Ramcharan & Jr. NTR are fabulous, there fights & friendship is Top Notch.1st & 2nd half are carried perfectly, Rajmouli rocked it again. They should've chosen other actress instead of Alia bhatt. Other actors like Ajay devgan, Shriya Saran, Olivia Morris & others rocked it.Story, Cinematography, VFX, Dialogues, Action sequence, Songs, BGM everything is perfectly executed .RRR is a masterpiece 
Say no to piracy.
10 Overall, RRR is probably Rajamouli career best since Bahubali frainchase. While it also became NTR and Ram Charan best film since Magadheera, Rangasthalam and Aravinda Sametha Veera Raghava.Music is excellent and direction is great. Sure I think RRR going to set opening record.Definitely a must watch.
10 If Magadheera, Eega and the Baahubali movies were a mere teaser of what S. S. Rajamouli is capable of as a filmmaker, RRR is the feature length definition of his ability to create cinema that transcends language and nativity barriers, eventually delivering what many try but fail to deliver: universal entertainment. RRR is an intense action drama with all the makings of a perfect visual spectacle, and experiencing it in 3D would only make it better. Ranging from the grand production values to resonant emotions to the outstanding action sequences, RRR is epic in every sense of the word, and truly Ravishing, Refreshing and Recommendable.The film might be around three hours long, but it never actually feels like a long film. In fact, times flies by really quick while watching RRR, an explosive cinematic blockbuster which has entertainment for all ages in spite of the U/A rating. The cinematography, the visual effects and the fight and dance choreography are some of the key highlights of the film, aside from the terrific performances by Jr. NTR, Ram Charan and others. Ajay Devgn and Alia Bhatt shine in their brief yet integral roles. One more good thing is the songs never hinder the storytelling and instead make the experience more and more fun. And then, we have the fights and stunts which totally dominate the show and deliver a bang for the buck, which is what any action buff could ask for.Plus, director S. S. Rajamouli has beautifully handled the depiction of his film's two heroes, giving them a balanced amount of focus so that the viewers can never call just one of them the "main hero". Also, the background music is gold and a major asset to the proceedings. Editing is razor-sharp and the sets look grand. RRR only reinstates the fact that S. S. Rajamouli is the undisputed king of period action dramas in India and that other filmmakers have a lot to learn from him. I would definitely recommend watching RRR and suggest you not to leave the seat until the very end, otherwise you might miss some important parts. This is what cinema exists for, and you don't need to think too much before booking your tickets.
8 The first Rajamouli film I saw was Magadheera. It was a revelation at that time for me that an Indian action film can look this good. The way it combined its own version of mythology and made it so good was something that really blew my mind even though I had so many issues during the modern times in that movie. But I could see that was some Telugu commercial filmmaking that was needed at that time. Then Eega with its crazy fly revenge felt even better. Then Bahubali became a national sensation but even though I liked that film, I was disappointed because I felt like Magadheera should have been the success Bahubali was. Other than the great war scenes and a few things here and there I didn't really like it as much as the previous two films I liked. Bahubali 2 was an even bigger disappointment as I didn't like it at all. So I was going into RRR with caution but it easily became my favourite film of his.Right from the start, with the intro of Ramcharan, there were many things about it that defied expectations. We see the hero of the movie in a completely negative light in an impossible action setpiece. The scene is crafted in such a way that even if we know that is not possible, we don't question it. The film is filled with so many moments like that where the action setpieces blow your mind and if these action scenes are shown any differently it would not work. The entry of Jr. NTR during the action scene right before the interval was another moment that was mindblowing.The use of patriotism and the mythological parallels were beautifully done. Even the wind rousing the character at a moment felt like it is referencing Bheem/Hanuman, the name and the action done by that character being sons of Vayu, the wind god in mythology. There are a lot of issues in the film, but the existence of this film in this form itself is a wonder as far as I'm concerned. The best film to come out under the so-called "pan-Indian" label.
10 Now some audiences going to find logic, bcoz its clear when a good film release some ppl are looking for minus point only.For me it is the second true event film that i liked after 13 Hours. These days everyone doing based on someone life but from my side i have got only 3 hour to entertain myself and I can't regret for what i wasting my time. At this topic i only choose to entertain myself except to watch someone struggle in his/her time. I respect them all but i like to read a book about them not in film.Coming to the topic director did a brilliant job again and prove that he is the legend of indian cinema. Now some ppl will find logic, physic etc... Bcoz they don't know how to entertain themselves. Mostly from hindi audiences, by the way i m also a hindi but i like to praise someone hard work and any good films which entertain me anyway.
8 I'd say the story is weak but mostly the film was entertaining, the action kept me gripped. I enjoyed the film thoroughly but the story could have been better.
10 The first day back2back shows, first in Tamil 3D and the consecutive show in Hindi IMAX 3D.I think this is the 2nd best movie from the Telugu industry, just next to the same director's Baahubali 2.Story or plot-wise, there's nothing special but the making is where the film stands out.Visually very engaging, emotionally connecting and there's rarely a scene that is wasted, every single frame has been used.If you don't compare this to the director's previous films, then it'd be an amazing treat for sure and to some extent, it even goes beyond the expectations. Raajamouli is the only director who can do this magic repeatedly.The 2 protagonists' best movie is also this one only, I suppose.Certainly like other films, there are some cons but the pros surpass them easily as it was a refreshing experience watching a nice masala movie after a long time.
10 This movie takes us to a world with emotional roller coaster ride, patriotism and strong characters. Every character has its own journey and a unique place in the story. I didn't expected VFX to be this good, I mean it was literally stunning to watch it in imax. The visual experience is what was very different from other movies.Overall this is an festival which should be celebrated by everyone.
10 We all know it will be a blockbuster, but guys this is unexpectedly fantastic. Movie starts with fire & water introduction ,great approach by SSR. RC & NTR intro, their friendship are heart melting. I guess not even Hollywood or anyone can design this kind of intervel episode except SSR. Ajay episode is good. The scenes with Alia and NTR in pre climax make you roll out tears and the RC transformation to Alluri getup makes you clap in the theater. Wonderful experience. Movie wise it's greater than bahubali. Had chances to cross bahubali collection. 3d is also too good. Already watched 2 times 2d and 3d.
10 Never reason before action best movie ever. Paisa wasul. Every penny of you is worth. Such a brilliant movie. Ntr ram Charan deadly combo is worth watching. Interval bang. Never saw such interval ever in Indian cinema. Nattu nattu song what a performance omg. Action scenes next level. SSR best ever director India have ever produced. Finally it's Indian cinema pride 
6 Watched it in 3d. Some scenes are like over the top and illogical. You don't expect this from Rajamaulis movie. There were some boring scenes as well. Story is not so trong. VFX is good. Some section scenes are also good. Overall, after Bahubali and Bahubali 2 Rajamauli disappointed me.
6 RRR (2022) :
Movie Review -High and Low. No, I'm not talking about Akira Kurosawa's Japanese flick from 1963, but I'm talking about SS Rajamouli's RRR. Actually, that's the best brief for the film I can think of. SS Rajamouli has been making mass-friendly commercial films for a long time, but Bahubali brought him pan-India popularity. He became a household name and a BRAND! So naturally, anything he would do after Bahubali was meant to look smaller or look comparatively less because the bar was set too high for any filmmaker and for himself too. The same happened with Prabhas when he came after Bahubali with "Saaho" and "Radhe Shyam". Let's just accept the fact that a film like "Bahubali : The Conclusion" (2017) can't be made again and again. Not just because it was a Massive Blockbuster, but also because the kind of extraordinary commercial cinema it presents is almost impossible nowadays. When I saw Bahubali 2, I called it the Greatest Commercial Entertainer of this millennium after Gadar (2001). Surprisingly, these two films are the only ones in this century to sell 5 crore+ tickets in the Hindi belt. It was acceptable to see such heroic characters in Bahubali because the film is set in an ancient period, which makes it reasonable. But with RRR, it can't be held reasonable enough because the film is set in the 20th century, where you expect some humanly possible stuff. It doesn't matter how big (fictionally) your character is, it has to make some sense when it comes to on-screen persona, as we have had so many legendary personalities during this period, who have served the nation till the last drop of their blood, and it all came with human restrictions. RRR looks problematic in that sense, but if you talk about mass cinema, then RRR is simply phenomenal.RRR is a fictional tale set in the 1920s. Two Indian revolutionaries, Rama Raju (Ram Charan) and Komaram Bheem (Jr. NTR), try to fight the mighty British Empire and Nizam of Hyderabad in their own ways, which are interestingly opposite and unknown to each other. Bheem is after a little girl who has been abducted by British officer Steve (Ray Stevenson) and his wife, Lady Scott (Alison Doody), while Rama is a British cop who tries to stop him. Two powerful heroes, one fiRe and one wateR, are pitted against each other, and then you get to know about their agendas in the second half when the story unfolds the past events.RRR presents Ram Charan and Jr. NTR in never-seen-before avatars. Rajamouli makes sure that their crazy mass fan following gets enough content to have a big mass party in the cinema halls. Ram Charan enters with a 5-minute long action scene, which does look a little too extraordinary for an ordinary mind, but that's what "mass cinema" means, right? On the other hand, Jr. NTR has got a crazy mass entry that has a class too. That entire forest sequence will blow your mind. A good happy warning to all Tarak fans: please keep your expectations high because Bheem is going to exceed all of them. The pair of Rama and Bheem work like a fireworks display during all those large-scale action sequences. Talking about the supporting cast, especially two Hindi actors, Ajay Devgn and Alia Bhatt, both have small but important cameos. Ajay Devgn does the speaking with his intense eyes again, and in other news, the sky is blue. This man has some charisma of his own. It's only a matter of a genius filmmaker who can use it correctly. Alia Bhatt as Sita looks gorgeous in every single scene, and her character plays a vital part in the narrative. Olivia Morris sparkles the screen with her beauty, and her accent is too cute. Alison Doody is the exact opposite of that, but that's what the villainous characters do. Both Samuthirakani and Shriya Saran appear in small roles, and both pass with good grades.RRR's basic script is as good as any Telugu action drama (mind you, some call it mindless), but the screenplay doesn't match that certain level you are expecting. The second half may bore you with outdated melodrama and may cause a little irritation too. All those flaws will be forgiven when you witness the Big-screen extravaganza in 3D. The action sequences of RRR have set the benchmark for all the filmmakers in India. Rajamouli outperforms himself from wherever he has done Bahubali. That film still had battlefield references to help a bit, but RRR, despite being driven by two characters, provides a better visual spectacle than Bahubali. That's not a small thing, mind you. The music of RRR is going to create some hysteria in theatres. If you don't feel like dancing while "Naacho Naacho," I'd say please consult a doctor. You are not normal. "Dosti" has got nice tunes for a situational song, and "Komuram Bheemudo" will take you all by surprise. I'm not sure if you can hear "Raamam Raaghavam" clearly because there will be a lot of noise, including big screams and whistles, going around at the time. But you'll ask for a repeat viewing after reaching home.It's been more than two years since we haven't had a big pan-India event film and SS Rajamouli brings back that much needed "Big-Screen Experience" for us. Undoubtedly, the best director in India when it comes to commercial cinema. The name is SS Rajamouli! His extraordinary vision of looking at ordinary things is what makes him better than other filmmakers in India. Bahubali was an ordinary script, but it's Rajamouli who made it an extraordinary film. No matter how many resemblances you find between it and "The Lion King" or its original source material, Shakespeare's Hamlet, it's a story every Indian can relate to. That's the same case with RRR, despite some flaws in the writing. But that's where Rajamouli's genius mind works overtime. He presents the high-octane mass hysteria that is sure to make the masses go crazy. The hardcore patriotism will please a certain section too. Whether it be the introduction scenes of the two lead actors or that train bridge action scene or that pre-interval rampage or even that mind-boggling climax in the forest, SS Rajamouli has outdone himself. He has reached a level that other commercial directors in Indian cinema can never reach or even dream about. Give this man a weak script and he will still make a strong mass entertainer out of it. That's what he has done with RRR. Every single viewer is going to hail him for his superlative vision of how to look at period action dramas. Every filmmaker who wants to make a great mass film should learn from him. As a whole, RRR packs a solid punch of out-and-out commercial entertainer that we have been missing since the Bahubali juggernaut. Just don't mind the below average writing, and you are going to LOVE IT!RATING - 6/10*
10 DOUBLE Best Acting N. T. Rama Rao Jr &
Ram Charan
Awesome mindblowing movie, Superb screenplay
Story K. V. Vijayendra Prasad.Directed S. S. Rajamouli on top again with fantastic movie. Awesome Cinematography.Best Stunt, Music M. M. Keeravani made wonderful. Dance choreography energetic lovely.An patrotic movie with friendship and sweet love
BLOCKBUSTER.
10 First of all really good, mature acting by NTR jr. And Ram Charan. The scenes they are together, the bromance between them helped add a soul to the movie.The production value made it very enjoyable to watch. The close up shots, the well made CGI all took this movie up some notches.Though the first half was good (like action was pretty crazy like unbelievable and insane but still good), the second half was a bit lackluster in the way they just simply go on an anti British fetish. The commercial elements was seen everywhere but I guess that was intentional for mass audiences.It was great to experience it in 3D. Watch it in 3D if you have the chance.
10 Maveric story teller Rajamouli hits out of the park again. Ram Charan is stunning in action and performance. NTR also good. Their bromance is a treat to watch. Don't miss this film at any cost.
18 March 2022 "Anyone can be tailor." Leonard (Mark Rylance)Although sometimes I can't tell if I love film more than theater, with The Outfit I found a film that satisfies both affections. Writer-director Grahame Moore brings a Hitchcock frame of mind with one dominant location, an atelier holding no more than four or five characters, just like a theater stage, and a sense of foreboding coming from history and the characters themselves, just like the modern psychological thrillers do.Just watch out for those scissors-Hitch would love the touch.Underneath the simple set is a rumbling of sin as the meek tailor, Leonard, contends with three mobs threatening him and his secretary, Mable (Zoey Deutch). He is required to stitch around those who want to kill each other and destroy his business, with different crooks coming in the front door intent on finding a tape that allegedly would send them to jail.The joy of this neo-noir thriller is the suspense that Hitchcock virtually patented because his non-mob characters are seemingly innocent types, and his sinners not quite in control of their ambitions. What Hitch and other thriller directors like Moore want is to show the vulnerability of the common citizen and the weaknesses of the seasoned mobsters.Although it's up to Leonard, small haberdashery owner in Chicago, to protect his shop, he also, in a narcotic-like voice over, explains the allegorical implications of his cutting and sewing. For instance, he is not a tailor but rather a cutter. The former artless, the latter a professional trained for years on London's iconic Saville Row.No recent film has surpassed The Outfit's ability to reveal the wickedness of humanity and its adaptability while supplying a dose of old-time noir. Delight in the spare set, the super acting, and the innumerable closeups that do as much to reveal character as the uncomplicated, Pinter-like dialogue.Although this tidy feature, similar to Leonard in its meticulous revelation of character and motive, seems suited to streaming, it is a euphoric experience on the big screen as the spare audiences can be enveloped by the powerful characters and story, in a setting that puts all in a dynamic room with mystery aplenty.
7 Greetings again from the darkness. Graham Moore won an Oscar for his screenplay on Alan Turing's life in THE IMITATION GAME (2014). Now he has directed his first feature film, one he co-wrote with Johnathan McClain. The final product is a bit unusual in that it takes place almost entirely in one spot ... a tailor's shop ... and features only a handful of characters. It's a film that would transition easily to the stage for live performances.Mark Rylance (Oscar winner for BRIDGE OF SPIES, 2015) excels here as Leonard, a Savile Row-trained tailor now working his craft in his own shop in 1956 Chicago. His path from London to the windy city is a bit murky, but we immediately take note of Leonard's calm and elegant presence accompanied by his soothing voice. Rylance uses that voice as narrator to explain the intricacies involved with creating a man's suit, and the importance of reading the man prior to utilizing the 4 fabrics and 38 pieces that make-up the outfit. Leonard is also protective of Mable (Zoey Deutch, ZOMBIELAND: DOUBLE TAP, 2019), his assistant who dreams of traveling the globe.An early montage shows us how the mob utilizes Leonard's shop for drops, and trusts him due to his 'see no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil' demeanor. Leonard is one cool dude, and it's obvious we (and the mob) are underestimating him ... but we can't quite figure out why or by how much. One crazy night changes everything. Richie (Dylan O'Brien, THE MAZE RUNNER franchise) is brought into the tailor shop after being shot by a rival gang ambush. He's accompanied by Francis (Johnny Flynn, EMMA., 2020), and the dynamics between these two is quite interesting. Richie is the son of the Boyle family patriarch and has been seeing Mable on the side, while Francis is the favored employee after saving Roy Boyle (Simon Russell Beale) by taking gun fire. Richie is a whiny, spoiled wannabe tough guy, while Francis is volatile and constantly sneering.What follows is a bit Hitchcockian. We have plot twists, murder, backstabbing, danger, and surprises. When it's discovered the Boyle family has a rat that is feeding details to the rival cross-town gang and the FBI, things get tense thanks partially to a MacGuffin audio tape. It all leads to confrontations in the shop, and some nice scene-chewing from Simon Russell Beale and Nikki Amuka-Bird as the leader of the rival gang. An elaborate plan by one of the characters is a pleasant surprise (to us, not the others). As Leonard points out on a couple of occasions, he's a "cutter", not a tailor - a distinction he takes as seriously as his skill with shears. The film's title has double meaning: the suits Leonard crafts, and the national syndicate that involves the Boyle family. Most of this we've seen before, but it's Rylance's portrayal of Leonard that offers a different look and feel. Fans of deceptive thrillers will find some joy here.Opens in theaters on March 18, 2022.
7 The Outfit proves that you don't need a bunch of over paid actors and a huge budget to make a great film. A good script and solid acting works just as well. 7 stars.
8 You don't see many movies like this in theatres these days! And this is exactly why I loved it, it's the kind of film that I really miss seeing a lot of; they type that typically gets dumped on streaming these days. It's an old-fashioned crime thriller that takes place in one location and is a dialogue driven story... and believe it or not it's not part of a franchise! It's a very well done film and is certainly going to be one of the most underrated films of 2022. If you're reading this, don't sleep on it, go see it right away! I didn't even watch a trailer for it, I went in pretty much blind, and absolutely loved it! I ate it right up; it was a huge, pleasant surprise! It's a perfect classic day-in-the-life of a mobster tale!Writer-director Graham Moore really brings a Hitchcock frame of mind to this film. It takes place all in one location, has a small cast and yet could not be more intense and impressive! The script is immaculate, one of the best crime thriller scripts I've seen in ages and feels like it actually has a high quality feel to it. There are so many awesome twists and turns throughout, and some truly electric dialogue. I also loved how it uses the concept of Chekhov's gun to cleverly setup and subvert expectations, it made the twists even more satisfying! Every time I thought I had the film figured out, it turned the tables on me, keeping me in suspense. Moore handles the suspense so well, in very Hitchcockian ways and the movie is constantly gripping, interesting and intense! However while the films abundance and reliance on its twists is its greatest strength, it's also its greatest flaw as it slightly pushed my suspension of disbelief a little far and messed with the pacing at times. But the pros far outweigh the cons. I also loved how cleverly Moore made use of the space (the tailor shop), which was immaculately and thoroughly utilized throughout. I was constantly surprised how they kept finding new ways to use the space and evolve the story! The only downside was that this didn't allow for the cinematography to be as impressive or eye popping as it could have been; it was good but not overly creative, just purely functional.Another huge strength of the film is it's impressive cast and stellar performances! Mark Rylance kills it in this movie, he delivers such a daring and phenomenal performance as Leonard. It's incredibly nuanced and I just love how he slowly revealed more about his character through ways he behaved and slight tendencies in dialogue delivery. The story also really helped here, I loved how it slowly pulled back the curtain on the character as the film went on, and you couldn't help but root for him. Zoey Deutch was also such a surprise, she was so good in this, and Dylan O'Brien and Johnny Flynn were also great and need to be in more stuff! All the acting in the film was incredible, it blew me away. The actors alongside the great script truly carry the film and are the reason I loved it as much as I did!The Outfit isn't flashy, but it's a very solid story with a tightly tailored performance from Mark Rylance. It's perfect for fans of old-school thrillers; it's very well made and very enjoyable. Don't miss this one, it's rare we get films as special as this one these days!
8 This 'little' film very much has the feeling of a stage play. There is really only one set (the tailor Leonard's shop) in which everything happens. To go along with that, it has an almost claustrophobic atmosphere as the different Chicago gangster characters come and go, threaten Leonard and his receptionist Mable (nicely done by Zoey Deutch), argue, leave again. Leonard basically has to outwit them at every twist and turn (and there are lots of twists and turns), and that is about it for the plot. Add to that the fact that no one is entirely who they seem and we get a fascinating hour and a half of intense 'locked room' drama.I wouldn't quite call this minimalist ("Wating for Godot" would classify as minimalist in my books). It's continually absorbing and yet built out of nothing but carefully rendered dialog. Mark Rylance is as always superb, he somehow builds a character out of measured dialog and changes in expression that might not be anything more than a raised eyebrow or a tightening of the mouth. Amazing to watch.I first noticed Zoey Deutch in Before I Fall (2017) in which she was about the only standout. Nice to see that bigger and better roles are coming her way.Saying anything more at all would give away too much since The Outfit is, in part, a mystery as well as suspense drama. Just go see it!
7 Things that frequently describe movies I love: sci-fi, action, blockbuster, fast-paced, crazy and out-there, epic, superhero.Things that frequently describe movies I dislike: period piece, slow burn, mostly talking, artsy.I listed the above to illustrate how good of a movie this had to be in order for me to like it this much. I watched zero trailers and knew nothing going in. When it starts in 1956 with a man describing how to make clothes, I think "omg what have I gotten myself into." Halfway through I think "it's pretty good but not something I would revisit." By the end I think "it's awesome, rewatching is a must."This movie is clever on so many levels. It has character and class with lots of memorable moments. It has great scenes of suspense as well as good performances all around. And best of all, the story is so captivating and told in a... clever way. What a pleasant surprise. (1 viewing, 3/21/2022)SPOILERSBlue jeans. Lol.There were so many twists and turns. None of them blew my mind or gave me goosebumps. But every single one surprised me and made me smile.I also loved the parallel throughout the movie between makes clothes and making movies. I didn't notice the parallel until the final shot. I don't know if that's when the realization is meant to happen or if I'm just slow (if so, don't make fun of me lol). Either way I'm glad it happened that way for me, because it was a delicious cherry on top of a great movie).The only thing I wonder is if his plan was feasible or if it needed everything to go perfectly. I'll have to see on second viewing. But even if it's not perfect, it won't make me like the movie any less.
8 An English tailor in Chicago makes a dime, stitching up a bespoke suit can take some time, with a trusty tape and thimble, his cutting sheers are nimble, several threads becoming frayed then intertwined.
6 I am a massive fan of single location movies. "Identity" or "Death And The Maiden" come to mind. The conceit typically makes the moviemakers get really clever with the use of space. But if you've seen enough movies about mild manner characters with simmering dark pasts, you'll see a lot of this coming from a mile out. Which will leave you wondering "why was the movie even made?"The writer/director is Graham Moore, who was most likely given this simple feature to make to show he can bridge his career into directing. This is a nice little flick that like the Wachowskis who made "Bound" means he can do something bigger. Perhaps not "The Matrix" but he will segue this into something much larger.The story is of a tailor...er cutter named Leonard Burling (Mark Rylance), a quiet Englishman who constructs the most exquisite suits in Chicago. We know this because of the way he speaks reverentially about his craft. His precision is that of a car engineer carving out clean lines, attention to detail, and near obsessive nature in which he narrates the work he is doing. It also illustrates the connection he makes between that and the people who wear the suits he makes.He is assisted by a very street tough girl, Mabel (Zoey Deutch) from the neighborhood who has long history with the block, enough to see that it has fallen to the scum of society. That doesn't stop her from dating the son of a very awful mob boss who has his eyes set on being included in a national network of other criminal scum. Leonard's store is being used as a drop off spot for communications between that interconnect villainy (the days before the Dark Web).Unfortunately, the local mob discover that there is a rat in their midst, and a tape that was discovered in the box contains the whereabouts and, therefore, identity of the snitch. There is some mob infighting and slowly, they begin to turn on one another.The movie itself, while expertly designed fails at the worst part possible...the reveal. It's no secret that still waters are going to run deep. And we are handed brief glimpses of the darkness within. Though, the frustrating part is having to wait for the pot to boil, it is also a grind to watch Mark Rylance savor his deadpan English darkness. Even when he is expressing any emotion. The audience will wonder if the man isn't brain dead at some points. Leonard is treated very poorly by the mob guys, but yet he remains still and silent...big clue he is about to get ugly. But that time never happens. Well, it kind of does, but by then, it comes off as very unsatisfying and exhausting.Now, going in, I knew there was going to be that titular scene of his love of making suits. This clearly had that in mind. Also, an Academy Award writer isn't going to slack on the details. However fascinating it is to see the making of a suit and the care and patience it takes to craft it, it is VERY tedious to sit through. At a certain point we want to scream "we get it, you did your research!" But that was a tough line to skate. Because it is filler to a rather empty plot throughout.I found myself disinterested in the why or how or whats and found myself just wanting it to have some tension. Again, if you've seen the tricks of how to raise the anxiety of a situation, none of this will come as a surprise.To me, a very lackluster endeavor, but above average for the care it took to attempt it.
9 Leonard Burley (Mark Rylance) left London and opened up a shop making fine suits in Chicago as the film opens in 1956. The back room of the shop has a drop box used by the Boyle mob to collect money and pass along messages. The La Fontaines are a rival gang. Leonard's receptionist (Zoey Deutch daughter of Lea Thompson and Howard the Deutch) is the girlfriend of the mob boss's son.All the action takes place in the shop, making this an excellent play. I loved the writing which twists things away from the norm of Hollywood predictability. Enjoyable film.Guide: F-word. No sex or nudity.
10 . . . SLEUTH. Watching THE OUTFIT will help the cutting fraternity to bounce back from the overrated PHANTOM THREAD, as it shows why the typical Saville Row tailor shop is frequented by THE KRAYS and THE GODFATHER's, at least the first one. THE OUTFIT is not the sort of ludicrous eye candy represented by the KING'S MAN series. The only reference to a historical person is Al Capone, and how can you set a mob movie in Chicago without mentioning Big Al? Thankfully, the Alcatraz tax cheat is long gone by 1956, when this story takes place. This flick is perfectly paced, cast and plotted--all the twists are in the right places, and few viewers will foresee them all. THE OUTFIT is 2022's PROMISING YOUNG WOMAN.
8 LIKES:The Atmosphere: This movie is all about establishing an imposing and suspenseful atmosphere in probably the lowest intensity ever. And you know what... it worked for me. The Outfit is a very vague premise from the title, but in it you find a very classy, and intense atmosphere that does not involve creatures, bombs, or intense fighting scenes. This film takes a much laid back, and organized manner, where the intensity is trying to find out what will happen, how things will wind up, and what lies beneath the surface. As you are waiting for these answers, the movie continues to take elements to increase the suspense, and make you invest in the much simpler piece this film is made.The Costumes: It's nothing like a Disney live action movie or a Harry Potter world, but the Outfit's clothes tell a story on their own at what goes on in this story. Much of the film takes place in a small shop fitted to making clothes, and the stories that they hold are very powerful. It's a mobster movie as you can see from the poster, but though they come from a similar cloth, each suit holds a power and character with it, helping to differentiate characters, and make a statement to the story. It works well to be honest and I was very happy with how things came out with it.The Culture: This movie is all about the cultural mindsets and stereotypes of two worlds coming together. One of course in the dark corners of the Mafia family, while the other is of a cutter who finds business with these people. The two worlds dance in an uneven tone, with each new member adding to the odd exchange in an attempt to keep the situation at hand. Seeing the class of the Cutter trying to navigate the unruly attitude of the Mob boys was super intriguing to watch. I loved seeing the values, morals, and mannerisms come out, again making a big world in such a small space, once again maximizing so much in a small amount of work.Decent Pacing of The Tale: For a tale with no action, the Outfit moves very well to my surprise. It's very easy to follow, twisting the plot and kinking the linear pace to feel engaging and interesting in the process. Each new act of the movie somehow painted a bit more of the mystery to solve, while also laying a new clue to help you connect the pieces. Story elements gradually drop as well, and this one night of intensity becomes a crock pot ready to blow with the pressure being seen. Very nice tactics to use for something with less action and moving.The Dialogue/Writing: By far the biggest character moments is in the writing of this film, particular the dialogue our cast has to recite. The Outfit's words are not poetic sonnets meant to be quote, one liner capable of being the next TikTok scene, or even those inspirational lines that we love seeing. No, it's again a very witty and classy exchange of words as the stories that are being cast are put to the test of agonizing scrutiny by very powerful people. Each line uttered is like a sword on itself, a fencing match of intelligence and presentation in hopes of convincing the other to reveal the secrets and truth at hand. It's that writing that is very fitting of the time, the age, and the characters, not being forced as the characteristics come out in big in full light to potentially reward or punish those at hand. It's again very smart writing, and I loved how so much was through the words rather than the actions.The Acting: By far the strongest aspect, is the acting that has to deliver the lines. Secondary characters do well for the limited time and involvement to make a believable member of the troop. However, the main characters are the ones that get a gold star in this role that really take the movie to the top. Dylan O'Brien is fine, his character a keystone piece to the drama, though his full-on screen time needed work. He manages to bring the arrogance and fire of a youthful mob son holds. He has the mouth, the cockiness, and the edge to deliver threats and he does well with the part, hitting new levels of quality that I had not expected. Zoey Deutch is lovely as always, a role that brings out the usual innocence she has in her characters, but soon she brings her own edge to the mix. She's confident, she can face the group, but there is a vulnerability there too as she was forced into the game. I loved her chemistry with the characters a lot, and she really made a great bridge character to the group. As for Mark Rylance, wow... he was incredible as he always is in his roles. The class I've been talking about is held in his character on so many levels. From the way he presents his world to the posture he holds, there is just an heir of top-level character melding that Rylance obtained in his field. It was like he and Leonard were one and the same, making a believable performance that this movie heavily depended on, given the screen time he held. A strong character and a performance to match, he may be the strongest aspect of this film.DISLIKES:The Short Screen Time of Several Characters: As I said, Rylance holds much of the screen time, while a lot of other characters spend a shocking amount of time off screen. The Outfit is able to bring the absence into a more story-oriented use, but I can't help but feel robbed of the other cast members' performances by them being gone for so long. More integration was needed for these groups, and I had liked more time with the other cast members to get the full involvement in the story.Why Other Parts of The City Could Not Be Seen: As I said, the dialogue is super important to the story, as not only does it have to craft the characteristics, but also tells you what is happening in the world around them. Much of the film is cleverly taking place in this shop, but there is a lot happening in the streets of Chicago as well, and the world we could have inhabited. I'm not saying we needed to be running through the streets and ducking the gang fights, but I can say a little time outside of the shop would have done wonders for the film. Some of those characters that disappear from the screen, are out on those streets and getting to see these moments come out would have been nice at times.The Background Info Is Bland: For most characters, there are potentially some juicy origin stories to dive into, particularly in the darkness they hold. However, The Outfit's stories are rather mediocre for my tastes, and even the ones with more meat did not quite get the full body presentation I think they wanted. Maybe it was in the interest of time, or maybe it was trying to take the artistic direction, but there was more for me that could have been delivered to really give the full twist to the mix.The "Climactic" Finish: The one thing in this movie that felt off, was the final moment that felt like it was just in the wrong moment for this film. I liked seeing the last few parts of the character come to light and prove my theory, but this part seemed to just not fit into the pace of the rest of the movie. Even worse, this wrench in the gears really did not have impressive choreography or even really any tension, because most of the intensity had fled at this time. It felt like a last-minute attempt to interject some suspense and get the movie to over the 90-minute mark, but again it just did not feel needed.The VERDICT:The Outfit turned out to be a nice surprise in terms of the crime and drama element themes that the IMDB page promised. It's definitely not the usual gang busting, speed chasing, and bank robbing moment that we often get. No, instead, it's something with a lot more character development to it, using the subtle art of acting and good writing to tell the tale, rather than drown us in expensive scenes. The Outfit feels like a movie with a modern Shakespearean approach, and though the language is not as artsy, the presentation and intelligence are high for this film's writing making it the mightier pen of the crime and drama genres. However, the movie still could have used some doctoring up, trying to tie in more of the world and extend the world of the historical Chicago where so much happened. In addition, more characters needed to stay on screen helping further develop the information of their group, and maybe put more suspense into the film with the heated moods they took. Of course, the movie's end scene could have been different, and without the other scenes of action to support it, is a rather obscure finale to what was a calmer movie.My scores are:Crime/Drama: 8.0Movie Overall: 7.0.
7 The Outfit makes up for its few flaws with snappy dialogue, intriguingly layered characters, and some truly satisfying thrills and unexpected twists.Certain bits of conversation will reveal quirks and backgrounds for every character, and it makes it easy to rally behind any one of them, in spite of their tangible flaws. The writing in this department is truly worthy of the highest praise.The film's concluding twists reach quite a bit too far, requiring some logical leaps, mostly because they imply that some characters knew and predicted things that left far too much to chance.But even though the story does stumble at the end, I was amazed at how engaged I was throughout the entire rest of the film, despite the whole thing taking place in three rooms. It's a pretty impressive addition to the tired gangster genre.
9 In our current world of CGI, over-the-top not believable action and shallow performances, this is a very entertaining cerebral movie. Lot of surprises you never saw coming. Mark Ryland is just so much fun to watch with his you-never-know-how-or-what-he's-going-to-say deliveries. Someone said it earlier, this would be a fantastic theater production.
6 First off, I didn't hate this movie but anything above a 6 is questionable.It felt like an ending searching for a story line to get it there. Mark Rylance acting was great to watch, the rest of the cast acted to support his character and were weak in doing so. The mobsters were unrealistic and didn't convince me that they would believe everything a tailor, regardless of of how good he is, told them. And when he stuttered around telling the boss that his son was killed by one of his own people while the killer held a gun to the girls (Zoey Deutch) head in full view without question was odd and never challenged.To get something else out of the way, he was a tailor not just a cutter. A cutter fits, measures the customer and cuts the cloth. The tailor sews and styles the suit. He did both, this is a tailor's job. So that fell flat and sounded disingenuous every time he corrected them.For the receptionist to pick up the story the tailor was telling and continue it also felt like manipulated writing and came across as shallow and lazy story telling. Many of the twists were unsurprising and not needed. The last 10 minutes should have been cut. Getting stabbed by a tailors shears that deep in the neck would and should have been the end. Not even sure why he burned his shop down.I gave it a 6 for the same reason others gave it a 8 or 9, I'm starving for half decent movies that aren't centred around super powers, magic or a cartoon. Just good old fashioned clever story telling. This should have been that movie, it wasn't.
6 "The Outfit" is posed punctiliously as a neo-noir, with specific elements of drama added in just to spice things up. From a story perspective though, there's nothing unique to be found here. It's another of those 'Single Location Thrillers' that Hollywood's been vigorously trotting out in the past couple of months.A group of good & bad people, a handful of conflicts and a Big Twist in the end; It's all so formulaic and fraught with well-recognised tropes. Now, there's nothing wrong in seeking proven recipes; besides, if you take a deeper glance at the fundamentals, there's only so much space for one's own modifications and adjustments. Hence, everything comes down to the presentation, and how the director envisions it. Although, I'm afraid the film doesn't do plentiful in that regard as well.Except for the great performances (Especially from Sir Mark Rylance) and a neat production layout (art direction, sets, costumes et cetera); there's not much else to it. And I'm quite certain that while watching the movie, many people would find uncanny similarities to some other movies in the genre and to be very honest, I couldn't blame them. We have seen it all, didn't we?
7 Well the art of acting main actor rylance can, calm and eloquently perfecsionism to the fingertip, both dialouges and an outfitters craftmanship. Its a complex cat and mouse game in the middle of chicagoes crime underworld, where the last mans laugh is the best.Its a story that would as well have fitted in on the theater stage as on the screen, it a one location act, a savile row kinda outfit shop, where the spoken will stay behind these walls as well as its a messengers hotspot among the big bosses of the underworld.Its a film with caracter, a film with a lot of wit, and a film that wont offer too much thrill and violence,and made on a balanced budget without exceeding ones expectations of a story like this financially, its more like a classic crime drama written in the start of the 20th century, but it still works.A small cast, apart from rylance and ms deutch, that doesnt disappoint at all. So the grumpy old man opened his matine' with ''the outfit'' before dressing up n' eatin breakfast, so now im hungry and ready for more from mr rylance, he has become one of my favourite caracter actors of the 2020's, therefore a recommend.
7 Harks back to an age when movies were different and even audiences were different. Excellent for what it does with what it has. Whether modern filmgoers will be satisfied, however, is another matter entirely.
5 I kind of liked it but it felt like a village hall amateur dramatic stage play; even down to the closed curtains and fake police car sirens going past. Lots of twists which were a bit convoluted. The acting was a bit am-dram too.
9 Whatta film!'The Outfit' is excellent. Second time in roughly three weeks that I've had the pleasure of seeing a Mark Rylance flick on the big screen and again he delivers - such a reliable actor. The other release was 'The Phantom of the Open', which is very good but both the film and Rylance's performance is bettered here. A thoroughly enjoyable showing from him as Leonard Burling.Things start off extremely strongly with a terrific opening scene with Rylance's Burling, so I was praying that it would keep that high level and I'm pleased to say that - in my opinion, of course - it absolutely did. There's a bit at the end that I was initially unsure about, though upon further thought I enjoyed it just as much as the rest.One element of this 2022 production actually stays the same from start-to-finish, I won't say what but early on I thought it may limit proceedings but if anything it just adds to the overall vibe of it all. The support cast, meanwhile, are all faces I didn't know before now, though every one of them give good performances - standouts being Johnny Flynn and Nikki Amuka-Bird.
8 When an expert tailor gets mixed up in some mob business he must use his wit's to survive the night.I went into this film blind, the only thing I knew was the synopsis and I throughly enjoyed it. The film does an amazing job of constantly surprising you, every time you think you have it figured out it throws another curve ball. This is what keeps you intrigued throughout the film as you are constantly trying to guess what will happen next. Although most of the time the twists are done very well and they make sense there are a few that I feel were unneeded.Mark Rylance is great as the lead character but I do feel there needed to be some more development for his character at the beginning. His characters development is there but it doesn't come until later. That being said it doesn't take too much away from his character as you will still find yourself rooting for him throughout the film. Dylan O'Obrien, Zoey Deutch, Johnny Flynn we're all great in their respective roles.The entire film takes place in one setting and the director Graham Moore does an amazing job of using this setting to his advantage. Every time your attention is drawn to something it is used later and he does this wonderfully.Overall this is a great film with terrific direction and storytelling you will be kept on the edge of your seat throughout the film. With great performances and intriguing characters "The Outfit" will make audiences happy they went to the movies.8/10.
7 Starts out slow and unassuming. Nothing much happens at first. Is this another boring movie? No way.The good: excellent acting performances. And a truly surprising and original story, which I did not see coming. Lots of twists that spun my mind. Really enticing to watch, with a shocking final.Any bad? One has got to have the patience to bridge the first minutes of this movie, because at first looks this movie might seem a bit slow and even a bit boring, but that doesnt make it less intrigueing and surprising.The story: a gentleman tailor is pressed by the mob, to hide an important briefcase in his premises. What is in it? And what dangers will come of keeping it?
3 This is an ok film if you turn off your brain for a while. Since the first few interactions it's mostly an easy movie to predict and then everyone just becomes open to manipulate, almost as if they are children. It gets old fast and I was hoping for more of a thriller type movie.Towards the end of the movie it gets even worse. You can't leave because of this, oh yeah but what about this, then this. Ok you're right. The screen writer wrote it backwards, finding an ending he wanted and then had every character written to get to said ending without thinking of logic or motivation. Some dialogue is frustratingly bad.Then the mandatory twist ending is just garbage. If any of the reviewers were asked why they thought it's a 10/10 movie, most will say because it's different. It's basically a one room play nothing more.
9 This is one of the best damn movies I've seen in a while. Expertly crafted, very well acted, with phenomenal writing. I can't praise this movie enough, it's no Godfather but for 2022 it's the best movie in years. The tenseness alone you could cut with a knife. It's almost as heavy as No Country for Old Men, and that's high praise. An excellent period piece with all the makings of a classic. Rylance and company sell this tale with ease from one line to the next. Keeps you guessing all the way through just as any good tale should. It's a damn near perfect film. Only left me wanting more. Please make an effort to see it!
10 Just saw it at the Berlinale and it's a very entertaining little piece of art where every detail is in the right place (or not in the right place if it needs to be) so it's really like the perfect Mystery movie, playing out with a lot of surprising twists and a slow, powerful pace without confusing or betraying the audience. Perfect, subtile acting of the whole cast. Great visual Ideas and a bit of spicy suspense and violence. It's quite so perfect, that it's funny to hear a voice over philosophy about dealing with imperfectionism during the finale of the movie. I am looking forward to see more of the director.
9 The cutting and sewing scenes are a visual delight, even more so in their accuracy; they will make you think about the quiet obsession for perfection of Phantom Thread. On this precise framework director Graham Moore cuts a bespoke story woven around a sparse yet powerful cast, in a carefully mastered whodunnit that keeps the pressure steady on to its crescendo until the final release. The mise en scene keeps the focus on the actors' dialogues, and probably pays tribute to Hitchcock's Rope, but never resulting forced. Mark Rylance plays the tailor, pardon the cutter, with a controlled aloofness, but lets shine a twinkle of inner turmoil in his eyes and the sharpness of his wit, cutting himself loose from the situation he finds himself in. Probably one of the films I've enjoyed the most so far this year.
5 A mixed-bag Hollywood comedy, suffering from the usual complaint which is that all the best scenes are in the trailer. This one offers a broad satire of filmmaking in the COVID era, with a lot of lockdowns, bubbles and hygiene-following. A sprawling ensemble cast are efficient in their roles, some funnier than others, but sadly the wit tends to be bypassed in favour of dumber sex or vomit gags. I did enjoy the dancing scenes and the CGI jokes, however.
3 Oh no, this is very bad.I've enjoyed most of the other Judd Apatow films I've seen, and I really like some of the tv shows he's written for including Freaks and Geeks, Love, and Girls (I know some people hate that last one but I like it, sue me).In telling the story of a troubled film production occurring during the pandemic, there's potential here, plus a lot of the cast have been funny in other films before. Movies about difficult or unconventional film shoots are often very entertaining, too.... but this won't join the ranks of Ed Wood, Be Kind Rewind, Living In Oblivion, The Disaster Artist, or Dolemite Is My Name; not by a long shot (if The Bubble looks intriguing to you, just watch any of those films instead. They're all much better).This and a few COVID-era stand up specials (most notably Aziz Ansari's latest middling half-hour special) have shown that to make COVID funny, you have to make something really good, clever, or creative. It's becoming apparent that it's a hard subject to make funny. I don't think it's impossible to laugh at parts of it, but given its so recent and so many of us are still living through it, bad to average COVID-themed humour lands with more of a dull thud than bad to average regular humour.Plus, it doesn't help that a lot of the jokes here that aren't particularly relevant to the pandemic are pretty toothless and boring. The banter just isn't funny- the semi-improvised sounding types of conversations that were funny in Apatow's The 40-Year-Old Virgin and Knocked Up just aren't funny here.I smiled a little a couple of times, but when your comedy's over a couple of hours long, that's just not enough. I checked the time at point, thinking I was a over halfway done, and I was less than 40 minutes in. I checked it again when I felt like there was half an hour left, and there was still 65 minutes to go.It's not good. And it uses a terrible Miley Cyrus cover of Heart of Glass at one point, which was a bit offensive.
5 Watched this film at Paris theater in NYC aka the Netflix Theater. Without spoiling much, I will just that this film is not very funny. Contrary, it's long, it's got too many characters, the storyline is very vague and confusing, and the jokes are not there. Judd Apatow was bragging about finishing the script in 8 weeks, and honestly it really felt so.
3 Not once did I laugh, at most I had about two 'slight chuckles'. None of the characters are interesting, there are two many, and the writing is sophomoric at best. It anything it gave a slight documentary of what film sets went through during the pandemic but other than that it does not serve a purpose.
4 Alright, let me break your bubble here.. I usually enjoy Judd Apatow's low-brow comedies, but this one reminds us of everything we hated about the early stages of the pandemic with added celebrity commentary. The humor didn't land for me most of the time, and even with a spectacular cast, the film never hits the highs you expect. It just gets by with a meandering screenplay that neither engages nor makes us root for any of its whiny, privileged characters. Well, Apatow's trying otherwise - he wants us to laugh at (and not with) everyone in the film industry dominated by corporate giants and larger-than-life characters. The pandemic was a bad phase, and no films needed to be made around that subject. Some fleeting flourishes aside (mostly from Pedro Pascal and a few cameos), The Bubble is honestly a letdown!
5 Don't get me wrong, I love a good joke. I just don't love the same joke being repeated over and over for two hours. There's plenty to mock over the past couple of years and I applaud this movie for having a go but it would've been much better if someone who actually understood comedy had written this, like Ricky Gervais or the Monty python crowd. But no. In typical Netflix fashion we get a corporate confection of mediocrity.
3 Premise had a lot of potential. The cast are talented. The film is just not very good. It's poorly paced and the gags are flat. Could've been great with a rewrite that included actual jokes and slicker dialogue.Not a good film by any measure.
7 Ignore the usual one score reviews. Same people basically stating it's the same as some of the worse movies in history. Pathetic. It's pretty funny. Easy viewing but if your looking for story and Oscar performances then obviously this ain't the film.Rest of you one scorers need to grow up a bit really. Your ruining the worth of the sites reviews.
5 Following the critical and box office failure of her vehicle, Jerusalem Uprising, Carol Cobb (Karen Gillan) returns to the dinosaur action franchise Cliff Beasts for the sixth installment. Due to the COVD pandemic production is set up in a "bubble" in England where Carol and the other actors will live together to prevent any infections. As producer Gavin (Peter Serafinowicz) impotently tries to rein in negative publicity, on set tensions, and vices of the cast, the initially planned three month shoot gets extended again and again.Cliff Beasts is the latest film from director Judd Apatow who also writes the film alongside Pam Brady best known for her work with South Park creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker on the first three seasons of South Park, South Park: Bigger, Longer, & Uncut, as well as Team America: World Police. The COVD pandemic has inspired a number of films attempting to capitalize on the pandemic ranging from Steven Soderbergh's surprisingly good Kimi, to slapdash productions like Songbird and Locked, and bottom of the barrel schlock like Corona: Fear is a Virus or The Covid Killer, however comedies have yet to tap into the genre save for outliers like NBC's short lived Connected or Freeform's Love in the Time of Corona both of which didn't particularly resonate with audiences. I think because of the nature of the pandemic it's been difficult to put any sort of comedic spin on the material especially in regards to the real world insanity and stupidity that doesn't lend itself all that well to exaggeration. With a strong cast of comedians and noted creative forces behind the camera The Bubble is possibly the biggest COVD film we've seen yet and has the makings of something truly insightful, but at a little over two hours long and filled with abrasive characters The Bubble has some moments of humor but as a whole doesn't come together.Like other comedies that have attempted to approach the COVD pandemic, Apatow runs into the issue of having to create comic chaos in a place where everything is very controlled and structured and that rigidity ends up working against the talents of the cast as there's long sequences where they're forced to be by themselves or maybe with one other person and we really don't get the best environment for creating comic friction. Karen Gillan is our lead Carol Cobb and she's a fine actress with a strong repertoire of work, but her main gimmick is basically just taking very casual abuse from the cast, crew, and even her boyfriend who dumps her over video conferencing and continues to live in her house with a random waitress. The worst thing you can do in a comedy is make us feel sorry for the characters and that's what happens as we for the most part as we watch relationships deteriorate and egos clash and you feel like you're trapped with these people with no escape. Eventually when the movie becomes a bonkers "escape" film in the final 20 minutes it becomes a little funnier and gets more energy, but after two hours it's too little too late and it doesn't make up for all the floundering gags and dead spots littered throughout the move. Even the Cliff Beasts sequences which parody the Jurassic World films (even down to using similar font) aren't all that funny or engaging and it doesn't feel like Apatow's approach to this kind of satire has evolved since 2008's Forgetting Sarah Marshall where he took a similar approach to cookie cutter crime procedurals with Crime Scene: Scene of the Crime. The Cliff Beasts segments aren't silly enough to be all that funny and they also never feel like a true approximation of the box office crap The Bubble is poking fun at, and frankly when you have serious blockbusters like Moonfall that are far more insane and funnier than anything in The Bubble it undercuts whatever satire might've been attempted.The Bubble is unfortunately not up to the standards of its talented cast and crew. While there are brief bits of comic insanity sprinkled throughout, they're undone by an overly long runtime and the restrictive nature of the premise so the movie never really fires off. Maybe if this had been framed as a mockumentary it could've used the awkwardness and isolation more effectively, in fact the documentary film within a film Beasts of the Bubble looks like a much more entertaining film by comparison. Some good moments, but not enough for me to recommend it.
7 If you fancy a bit of escapism during these hard times then you have come to the right place. This is a pretty silly but amusing comedy about a movie production during Covid.I'm not going to lie, the film is a bit all over the place, the pacing is either super fast or super slow and at times it seems like its going on forever. The film they are filming is silly and I guess this is what you might call a parody of the industry and Hollywood.There are also a ton of Cameos, as expected from an Apatow film, this is however one of the less structured Apatow comedy's out there.Strangely enough Leslie Mann is in this film...... who would have thought Eh. Whats that ???? Iris Apatow is in this film as well. Surely she plays the daughter of Leslie Manns character ( just like in real life ) !!! No..... she doesn't., She plays the young Tik Tok star. Dennis Hoppers daughter Galen makes her screen debut in possibly one of the most pointless characters ever but she was fine I guess.Both David Duchovny and Pedro Pascal looked hungover all the way through this film, which is fine as they were playing characters who were mainly hungover.I like Karen Gillan and her character is fine, slightly dull, again often looked tired or hungover. The feeling I got is that the cast this during lockdown about filming during lockdown and just had a laugh making it under similar conditions the film was trying to portray.It was all very tongue in cheek and often seemed quite ad-libbed.I don't remember seeing Apatow in a cameo ?At times the film has some laugh out loud moments, some mildly amusing moments, Silly moments and then some really missed the mark moments. You began to wonder where its all heading and kind of switch of a little but something keeps pulling you back into this ridiculous situation.Its nothing ground breaking but it was fairly unique and a fun concept.I should really be marking this a 6 but I got hooked in and enjoyed it so its a 6.5 or 7.
4 This film was not what I had hoped for. It had big stars, an acclaimed comedy director and a promising premise but it just fell short on so many levels.The premise is about a bunch of actors and a film crew trying to make a movie during the pandemic and it starts off quite strong. I chuckled here and there, the writing was tighter and it had relatability when it came to the pandemic stuff. That's where I have to give it points, the satire was decent here but that's the only place I can give it points.The acting, cinematography, music was all okay, nothing unexpected and everyone does their job well here.It was the writing and the pacing that really brings this film down. Around 75% into the first act all the way until the credits rolled, I found myself zoning in and out of the film. This film could have been a 90 minute film or even shorter. 2 hours dragged the whole thing out and it felt like a chore to finish the film just to get it done with. There was a tongue in cheek ending which kind of makes up for a little bit of this by being self aware but even still it was very lacklustre. The jokes became very flat and I found myself have 0 reaction to any of it. Even the comic relief character was decent but they were under used and taken out of the film quite early on.Alongside this, the characters are all uninteresting and with the flat jokes and dragged out narrative, there's nothing really to keep you watching.Overall the film starts of good then slowly delves into a long drag.P. S. The choreographed dances were feel good..it was one of the few instances in the film that uplifted it alongside the welcome cameos.
1 The acting talent they had at their disposal & this is what they came up with?? Absolutely awful, the script was ridiculously bland along with just an odd aura of trying too hard.Just can't believe my subscription paid for this.
8 I don't understand the low ratings. Obviously these people have absolutely no sense of humor whatsoever. It was funny and Pedro Pascal completely stole the show. I didn't know he could be so funny but he was.
6 Hollywood is hell and actors are all spoiled soulless idiots who lie for a living. Add Covid to the mix and you get a not so subtle criticism of the exotically insane art of making movies and how toxic things can get. So, a brilliant premise, but a lackluster implementation. Most of the cast are actors that I admire or at least like, but their characters were unsympathetic and the jokes dull. Funny enough, from all of the famous actors that played in the film, Iris Apatow was the one to steal the show, even if she had a completely secondary character.Bottom line: I didn't expect much and still I got disappointed. Perhaps this should have been a drama and not a comedy.
6 The Bubble follows a group of actors trying to make a movie in the middle of the Covid-19 Pandemic. However, things go awry, and the actors find themselves suck in a nightmare scenario that seems like it is meant to be a satire of the film industry. While this movie has moments, it is kind of all over the place and almost a satire of itself. The one thing this film has going for it is its cast, but there are too many characters, so they all come off as flat and one-dimensional. Daisy Radley's cameo was my favorite part. It was so random and made no sense that I couldn't help but laugh. I also enjoyed James McAvoy's cameo. All in all, The Bubble feels like Netflix's attempt to make its own version of Tropic Thunder. However, like a lot of Netflix's movies, it lacks the originality, humor, and even depth that Tropic Thunder has. I won't spoil anything, but there are a lot of comparisons that could be made between the two films. And I would highly recommend watching Tropic Thunder over this.
8 I don't understand the low scores here. Sure it's not as sophisticated and touching as most Judd Apatow films but it's still really funny and realistic. It's fascinating and sure a bit traumatising watching the film cast and crew slowly go crazy in different ways, like we all remember. Of course it does go a bit gross and farcical as it goes on but in a way for good reason. And a fascinating look at the movie business too. David Duchovny is especially great in this while the others are a bit too much of caricatures. But all in all it's an amazing ensemble and a story of our times. Some great cameos too.
7 If you didn't understand the humor you won't like it. It's a great mocumentary about hollywood and quarantine mixed together. If you watch it high it's super funny so try that too.
1 This is just a cash grabbing attempt from the director. Yes good cast jokes are not funny.. too damn long... don't see the point of this thing... really don't wast 2 hours of your life with this...
1 This is a pile of garbage. It's not in any way funny, clever or satirical. This is a pile of rubbish. It is a waste of streaming time and brings down the reputation of any service that streams it. This is a huge pile of waste. Do not waste your time with it!
1 I was just looking forward to a fun Friday night movie. Nothing serious, something silly and funny. In the end the movie was just not meeting any of my expectations. It just wasn't funny... It felt neverending. Maybe they were trying to make a point with the ongoing pandemic.I do not recommend it. I don't even think that I would find it funny if I was high.
7 Not with the movie. Perfectly straightforward silly spoofy comedy. A tidge long in the middle, and probably could have been tightened up. Fred Armisen is a bit too much a skit-level character, who doesn't fully work. But otherwise just fine to rather good.What I don't get is the abject hatred for it. I mean, almost a third of ratings on (one service) are 1, 2, or 3? That's... not a thing. Even for really, really bad dumb comedies, they don't get this low a rating.I presume there's something like people who hate that this as one of the few projects to admit COVID exists driving it down? Not sure. But I am judgemental and hate lots of movies, this is just not that atrocious at all.
1 This is the most terrible, boring, meaningless excuse for a film I've had the displeasure of watching in a long, long time. Absolute trash from beginning to end. Do not waste your time on this, like I did. Life's too short.
5 A group of so-so actors who have made the dinosaur franchise 'Cliff Beasts' come to a lavish English hotel to make the sixth mostly green screen instalment whilst locked down from COVID. The studio take extreme steps to keep them filming come what may whilst the cast go slowly mad.Whilst there is much to dislike here - lots of characteristic Apatow shouting and waffling interminable rubbish that means nothing, I kinda liked this. It's a good cast with stand out comic performances for me by David Duchovny, Pedro Pascal and the ever wonderful Peter Serafinowicz. In addition if you listen and watch carefully enough there are some scenes and off the cuff remarks that lean more towards the biting satire on actors, current film audiences and Hollywood that this needed to be and at those times this is genuinely funny. You need to be tolerant around the piles of rubbish, but in the right mood this is a sweet and quite fun movie.
1 Please please avoid. This is the worst thing I have watched. Its beyond stupid. Such a shame as a great cast of stars who are usually funny but in this just terrible.
1 I like Judd Apatow and alot of his movies but this one is not on that list. There was nothing funny. David Duchovny, not funny at all. Why was he even there?I switched it over to the Watch Paint Dry channel on Youtube and got a few laughs.
8 ."I am calling it right now Wahlberg is getting an Oscar nomination for his role as Father Stu ." For six years, Wahlberg had been so driven to tell the story of Father Stu that he self-financed the movie. He said he spent "millions and millions of dollars" to get it made.Wahlberg gained 30 pounds for his new movie "Father Stu."
To gain weight, the actor started with an initial two-week 7,000-calorie-a-day diet plan. Then during the last four weeks, he upped his intake to 11,000 calories a day."A dozen eggs, dozen pieces of bacon, two bowls of white rice, a cup of olive oil to start the morning," he said. "More eggs, a porterhouse steak. That's seven to eight meals a day of this."The weight gain was one aspect of the performance, but Wahlberg noted that he felt it was the only way to show the audience just how much Long had changed by the end of his life. "Everything about Stu was predicated on his physicality. To see him lose that but to gain the strength of a thousand men spiritually, it was unbelievable. I wanted the audience to see that and understand it," he explained.Mark Wahlberg looks unrecognizable.Based on a true story, Father Stu is an unflinchingly honest, funny and ultimately uplifting drama about a lost soul who finds his purpose in a most unexpected place. When an injury ends his amateur boxing career, Stuart Long (Mark Wahlberg) moves to L. A. dreaming of stardom. While scraping by as a supermarket clerk, he meets Carmen (Teresa Ruiz), a Catholic Sunday school teacher who seems immune to his bad-boy charm. Determined to win her over, the longtime agnostic starts going to church to impress her. But surviving a terrible motorcycle accident leaves him wondering if he can use his second chance to help others find their way, leading to the surprising realization that he is meant to be a Catholic priest. Despite a devastating health crisis and the skepticism of Church officials and his estranged parents (Mel Gibson and Jacki Weaver), Stu pursues his vocation with courage and compassion, inspiring not only those closest to him but countless others along the way.
10 Mark Wahlberg and Mel Gibson star in this unbelievable true story that will have you sobbing in tears when the lights turn on. From the opening scene to the end of the credits it's like your in the room watching them film this.Father Stu is not your ordinary faith base movie it is rated R for language throughout and to be honest this movie probably needed it. This in my opinion was probably one of Mark's better movies in years and same with Mel one of his best in years. They are great actors on their own, but every movie that they do together is a masterpiece.Like I said this is rated R so don't go in to this thinking it's a family film and I guess it is in the fact that it's a faith film, but just with tons of language. I highly recommend seeing Father Stu.
8 Truth is stranger than fiction. I enjoyed the film but wish there had been subtitles. Sometimes some of the characters mumbled so much that even though there were extreme close ups with no distractions, many times I was unable to understand what was being said. I began to wonder if there was something wrong with my ability to follow the movie until afterward when I went in the restroom, I heard everyone in there saying the same thing. Probably some of the problem might have had to do with unfamiliar slang but most of it was the way the words were enunciated. Don't let that stop you from seeing it though. It is still worth seeing.
9 It is based on a true story over in a boxer forced to retire over in his injuries and brain damage and he wants to seek fame and fortune and is so arrogant about it.But he is likable and he hides that act over due to his alcoholic estranged father and worried mother. He also tries to win a young lady who teaches at a Catholic Sunday School as the long term atheist takes it lightly. He gets in trouble with the law and has fights.Only until a near fatal motorcycle accident makes him put his priorities straight and needs to stop living in the fast lane before it kills him as he is a cat with nine lives wasting eight of them.He wants to be a priest and that others laugh at him and that other supporting student priests do not take him seriously, He breaks his girlfriend's heart as she was expecting marriage.But as he develops ALS aka Lou Gehrig's Disease. He may not have that chance due to developing that and a lot has to do with his lifestyle. And he also tries to reconcile with his alcoholic estranged father as someone says a chip off the old block.Mark Wahlberg is great in the lead role and is growing more and more as an actor. Mel Gibson that Hollywood has seen to really forgiven as he is gruff but has low self esteem as the man's estranged father and Jacki Weaver does a great job as his worried mom, his only supporter and even friend.Based on a true story.
14 April 2022 An absolute home run in terms of character study and storytelling. This is hard-nosed faith based done right. It's an amazing amalgam of old school grit and honest reflection. It will forever hold the record for cussing and f-bombs for this subject matter. And, that's a good thing. The entire first act is set up and not what was expected at all. Back when awards actually mattered, Mark Wahlberg would have been a serious Oscar contender for his performance in this film. He, honest to God, (literally) delivers a masterpiece performance. His weight gain alone showed his commitment to doing justice to this work. Fr. Stu was an amazing individual whose growth and gifts through suffering will forever inspire those who watch this movie with an open heart and mind. A forever immortal that I personally will never forget thanks to this film.
7 This movie is funnier than the ads will have you believe.The story is of a amateur (to put it kindly) boxer who is scrappy in life. He's told often that he can't do something or that life gives him hardship and his stubborn streak kicks in. To a lot of people, his persistence is read as silly and frustrating. To a lot of people he should be beaten to death in an alley somewhere in some small rural town he hails from. Until a fateful night which puts a lot of his life in perspective. Unfortunately, I don't feel that moment is enough to generate the turn of the cheek. But, writer/director Rosalind Ross was smart enough to show how little Stuart actually changes. He instead uses his blue-collar nastiness for good rather than evil. Funny to me, to say the least. I wish they would've played more in that world. Where people expect him to be pious and uptight but ends up being a thug in a collar. There may have been extra chuckles to be mined there, ala Harrison Ford getting ice cream on his face in "Witness."Well, the structure itself isn't anything new. And if you've seen a redemption story, you know what follows. But Mark Wahlberg does an exceptional job getting into the attitude of Stu. In a wild universe, he is Dirk Diggler grown up and trying to find salvation. Mirroring him is Mel Gibson, who plays his father who has his own moment of goodness. It's not much, but it is enough.Yes, there are a few moments that get heavy handed. That's not to say, these things didn't occur in real life. Stu is brash, and edgy and punch-drunk dumb. He goes with the theory that he doesn't know until someone tells him it's wrong, then he doubles down. His logic is that if Christ wanted him alive, it must be that he wants him to double down for him.I've no doubt that director Ross, whom is in a relationship with Mel Gibson, tapped the lighter side of the situation. In different hands, this plays as a broad parody. This was reigned in enough for it to hit where it needs to. Speaking of which...Jackie Weaver is such a blessing to watch. She embraces dialogue that would fall flat coming out of most actors' mouths and hits the right beats. Completely nails the humor beats without knowing she is funny. She is the quintessential White trash mom with a kind heart. She has a lot of darkness in her, but they do such a brilliant thing...and not make that the centralized burden to her life. She presses forward and referees two bulls. Though she is separated from her husband Mel, she harbors the right degree of resentment to a former relationship. The dynamics of their family are very clear.Any way, this is a surprisingly funny flick. I found myself laughing many times at some of the absurdity that occurs. Special shout-out to Teresa Ruiz who plays the love interest. She is warm, kind and when things go wrong, does exhibit the proper reaction and emotions. She is fantastic in this!Go check it out. I think you're going to be surprised.Stick around for a hilarious scene during credits.
10 I saw this when it came out here Friday afternoon, had a bad morning at work, decided out of no where to stop at the theater, which I've not been to in years... I really enjoyed the movie, the acting, all of it. Not to much keeps my attention these days.. Sometimes the echo in the theater kept me from hearing something right, but I am gladly/anxiously waiting for this to come out streaming somewhere, just to watch again. If it comes out on DVD, i might even buy that. Very happy I went, someone, somewhere guided me to there for a reason.
9 I haven't been to the theater to see a movie in years. I'm done with elitists morons in Hollywood. I saw Mark Wahlberg Mel Gibson and the word Father plus based on true story and I knew I'd pay to see this movie. I also know it won't get great reviews because Hollywood is stupid and look who they backed as President. I enjoyed this movie wAs ok with spending money to see it. I laughed and cried and I thank everyone who was involved in making this movie. The only way to fight the woke idiots is with our wallets.
9 An excellent true story that's got a timely message for everyone today. If you haven't seen it, put it on the TOP of your MUST SEE list. Has ALL THE FEELS, LAUGH,CRY,SCREAM OUT LOUD! Yes, I did all of these!But... Not really a kids movie, Rated R, F-Bombs, he led a rough life, but great medicine for healing a broken heart. It has multiple levels that will touch every single person who sees it, no matter what your life has been like. Markie Mark & Melie Mel make a great Fr/Son complex relationship portrayal!!!#FrStu #GoodFriday #Easter #Truth
P. S. Stay seated to the end of credits or you'll miss a funny Easter Egg!(bonus chuckle & my favorite part of going to movies- I love surprises!)
10 Really enjoyed this film. It's surprisingly funny and made me laugh out loud quite a few times. Mark Whalberg gives an amazing performance and I got choked up at several scenes. Definitely enjoyed it a lot more than I was expecting. This is how Christian movies should be made; raw, real, and in a way that everyone can relate to. Bravo!
10 This was an amazing film. It was extremely inspiring, and very moving. The theatre was packed, and I heard many people crying. With a runtime of 2 hours and 4 minutes, some people might find it a little long. However, it was well worth it. The second half of the film really moved along nicely, and there were some funny scenes along the way. I really liked when Father Stu, Mark Wahlberg, went to speak to the prisoners. It was funny, and it showed how he had an excellent gift of connecting to people in a very simple way!
10 I guess a lot of the movie critics were left a little bit cold by the film yet myself and the audience I was in had quite a different reaction. Most recent films I have watched seem to unspool with mostly indifference and forgettablity but this film evoked quite a bit of real heartfelt emotion and feeling that lasted long after walking out of the theatre. The difference here compared to other faith based films where the acting and direction is wooden and stilted with heavy handed didactic writing, this film seems grounded and utterly believable which gives it emotional heft and verisimilitude. Jacki Weaver and Mel Gibson are perfectly cast as the parents. It was quite refreshing to see working class people shown in a film without mockery,condescension or derision for a change. The one critique I have of the film is about the sound and the actors mumbling their lines where I think I missed maybe 30% of the dialogue. I was relieved when Malcolm McDowell showed up with his perfectly clipped British elocution.Mark Wahlberg usually only plays a version of himself in most films and here he is perfectly typecast in the early portrayal of the charismatic wastrel and jailbird failure that is a disappointment to his family Then he literally has a transformation with a Road to Tarsus incident becoming a new man that no one believes in or take seriously. Wahlberg here really lifts his game and showed me layers that I didn't think he was capable of in showing us the change in his character making him empathetic and moving. This film very much reminded me of the film from Poland called Corpus Christi where an exconvict on parole impersonates a priest in a small town. Where the young man learns he has gifts he didn't know he possessed and townspeople some forgiveness they had forgotten to give. Father Stu is an excellent film about how it is never too late for redemption, transformation and forgiveness. I would show this in a double bill with Martin Sheen's The Walk about a group of modern pilgrims doing the pilgrimage of the Camino de Santiago.
8 I was hopeful when we went to see Father Stu last night...but I was not prepared for the depth of its various messages.Yes, there is lots of swearing (thus the R rating)...but that is who the guy actually was.Yes, it's very Catholic...because the guy became a Catholic and Wahlberg is a committed Catholic.But, despite those things...Father Stu had a few of the most simple yet profound Gospel explanations that I have seen in a film, Christian or otherwise.Additionally, the redemptive power of the Spirit is on full display as is the difficult subject of suffering vs. God's will and providence.I see every movie through a well developed Biblical worldview and process accordingly. Father Stu deeply touched my heart and Spirit, brought tears to my eyes several times, and left me almost speechless.I chose to Glorify God through the experience. I believe that is what Wahlberg has done to the best of his ability and understanding. I hope you will do the same.
7 An incredible directing /editing job by Rosalind Rossi's as her first directorial debut. Mark Wahlberg as Father Stuart "Stu" Long, Jacki Weaver as Kathleen Long, Mel Gibson as Bill Long, and especially Teresa Ruiz as Carmen with Malcolm McDowell adding great weight to the production. I was especially impressed by the editing sequence during the injury to Mark Wahlberg. I was not enjoying the rude and foul behavior by his character at the beginning but by the conclusion of the film I was extremely impressed and glad that I sat through the entire movie without stop.
6 Greetings again from the darkness. Well, if you are going to make a movie about redemption and bettering one's self, who better to cast than Mark Wahlberg and Mel Gibson? Both men are stars who on multiple occasions have needed redeeming. Writer-director Rosalind Ross' first feature film is based on the true story of Stuart Long, and Mr. Wahlberg was so committed to the project that he funded production when others chose not to.OK, so maybe it's a bit of a stretch having Mr. Wahlberg play the guy who becomes a priest, but that's why they call it, "the magic of Hollywood." Stuart Long was a real person and his story is compelling and worth sharing. Wahlberg so believed this that he self-funded the production, and clearly gave his all in the performance. My advice to anyone watching the movie is to stay seated. Things move extremely fast ... and it's that expeditious approach to storytelling that gives this a bit of a movie-of-the-week feel. Here's what I mean by fast: We see Stu (Wahlberg) as a boxer. His parents are long-divorced, and after an injury, Stu decides to head to California to be an actor. He falls in love with a girl who convinces him to get baptized, and the experience inspires him to become a Catholic priest. Severe health issues ensue, yet he persists. That's a whole lot to cover in two hours, and it explains why each piece skims only the surface and feels rushed ... and this is only a partial list!The pedigree here is beyond question. Wahlberg has twice been Oscar nominated. Two-time Oscar winner Mel Gibson plays his father, while 2-time Oscar nominee Jacki Weaver is Stu's mother. Screen legend Malcolm McDowell plays the local monsignor who finds himself in a pickle, and the always-great Colleen Camp has a brief appearance as a seen-it-all motel clerk. Teresa Ruiz is terrific as Carmen, Stu's reluctant love interest who first think she understands him, then learns she doesn't, and then ultimately respects what he's made of himself.Catholicism plays a big role here, and there is plenty of guilt to go around. Wahlberg leans heavily into his charm to help us relate to Stu, but he and Gibson both have cringe-inducing moments for those familiar with some of their off-screen activities. Gibson's 'Hitler' crack seems to walk an especially fine line. On the other hand, Gibson delivers a couple of memorable lines: one early on when he's watching young Stu dance, and another later on when the two are re-connecting as grown men. Filmmaker Ross includes some actual Stuart Long audio recordings, photographs, and video over the closing credits.Opens in theaters April 13, 2022.
9 A classic divide between the critics and the paying audience on this film. I found the performances by Weaver, Gibson, McDowell, and, yes, even Wahlberg to be very strong. Solid cinematography and a points some depth of dialogue. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie, shed many a tear, and renewed my faith in humanity. The movie, like the actual Father Stu, blended together humour, wisdom, and meaning.
10 The underlying story is one of a family who lost a child before the timeline of this movie...this destroys the family as it existed and starts Stu, dad, and mom down an irreversible course.Hollywood critics will surely balk at reviewing it at an accurate level since it deals with the truth of Hollywood sleaze and perversion.It doesn't shine a completely positive light on the Catholic Church but Hollywood doesn't really want anything remotely positive about the Church on the big screen...especially from A listers...
10 Jesus continually spoke about how God is seeking the conversion of sinners. Fr. Stu is proof that it is never too late, redemption and forgiveness is available to everyone.It was a great movie- keeping the audience involved in the laughs and sadness.
10 Isn't a Marvel fake story but an amazing real story movie. Was amazing seeing this with friends and family. The part where he tried to change was so deep.
5 5.8/10The story itself was pretty inspirational with the whole fighting for what you believe in and going for something that you set your heart to, but the depiction falls short. Further, the religious aspect isn't overly pushy and works well as intended, but I can tell this film won't be everyone's cup of tea, like Stu's father in the movie.Mark Wahlberg is only convincing to a certain extent, but he didn't seem to fit the role all too well. Certain aspects came out stronger than others such as when he reaches a point of desperation, but he fails to capture the cockiness that he's shown in previous films.The cinematography is pretty good and captures the visuals essence quite well. The score was enjoyable too and made some points throughout more emotional. However, it took too long to get to the emotional points and caused me to lose interest very quickly.Overall, the film won't be to everyone's taste. It's a great story with a great moral, but the film depiction falls short to capture that essence. Marky Mark doesn't fit the role all to well, but he does have his moments.Thank you for taking the time to read my review. I hope it helps you make a decision on the film. Until next time.... Enjoy the show!
10 Loved this movie which is based on a true story. I thought it would be good from the trailers I watched, but I was blown away. So thankful to Mark Wahlberg for bringing Father Stu's story to the big screen. I can't recommend this movie enough.
10 Went to see Father Stu and it was beautiful!! Everyone weeping... Not me of course" 42% tomato score and 98% audience? Y'all need to be better educated in American culture. If a movie makes you cry or feel is an excellent movie 
10 Mark was OUTSTANDING! Everyone sat in the theater after the movie ended. He could have used prosthetics for the weight gain but instead he did it the hard way. True Mark Wahlberg fashion.Absolutely loved it! Mark deserves an Academy Award for this movie.
10 A top-tier film for me, a tale of many multitudes. It's a story that deviates from the typical Hollywood genre, I think everyone can relate to this film!
7 I saw Father Stu, starring Mark Wahlberg-Uncharted, the Daddy's Home movies; Mel Gibson-Daddy's Home 2, The Expendables 3; Teresa Ruiz-The Marksman, Cantinflas and Malcolm McDowell-Bombshell, Silent Night.This movie is based on a true story about Stuart Long, who went from being an amateur boxer to becoming a priest. Mark plays Stuart, a passionate man that gives everything his best shot. Mel is his father that left home when Mark was young and doesn't associate with Mark that much-there are hard feelings from both. Teresa is a Catholic girl that Mark falls for. He even starts going to church just to be around her. Malcolm is the Monsignor at the church. Mark has it rough when he decides to become a priest, mostly with his health-he has a disease-but he continues against odds to try to accomplish his goals. It's a testament to his faith and during the end credits, you see the real Stuart talking and learn what happened after the events shown in the movie.It's rated R for language and has a running time of 2 hours & 4 minutes.It's an inspirational story but not one that I would buy on DVD-once was enough. It would be a good rental just to see Mark's performance-he gained weight for certain scenes and even put up some of his own money to help finance the movie when no one else would.
4 It's a letdown. The fun and charming bits of Harry Potter were left out of this film. I like J.K. Rowling's work immensely, so that's hard to say.Plot-wise, things are a mess. Newt and his luggage full of magical creatures are a side plot to the important things going on. The real story is that an auror in New York is searching for a powerful and dangerous magical force that manifests within a teenager. His plan: turn the destructive energy the teenager carries into a weapon, I assume. Enter Newt Scamander, who is trying to transport a thunderbird(?) to Arizona for release back into the wild. Some of Newt's other creatures escape in New York, and he has to round them up, all while becoming entangled with the auror and his teenage target.The plot sounds sort of okay, but it's not well integrated. The characters don't add up to much of anything, either. The sidekick baker is fairly likable, though, along with his brewing romance with Queenie. Newt's a bit thin as a character. Eddie Redmayne's dialog also tended to come out mumbled, which made him hard to understand at times. Throw in a few acronyms and oddball words like MACUSA, and that makes for more confusion.Altogether, the film needed more work to tighten the story lines and make Fantastic Beasts a story focused on Newt and his menagerie, instead of what we ended up with.
7 I really want to draw attention to the title of the review above. I'm sure many die-hard potterheads would want every review on this site to score this movie 10/10 and say it is a masterpiece. Well I can't do that, since that isn't my honest opinion. What I can say though is that Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a thoroughly entertaining affair that is well worth a watch, especially if you're a fan of J.K. Rowling's magical world. For starters the cast was great. Eddie Redmayne feels perfectly cast in main role as Newt Scamander. A very awkward and introverted person who prefers the company of animals rather than humans. He has the quirkyness down to a tee. I also really liked the muggle (or no-maj as the Americans call him) played by Dan Fogler. How he reacts to the whole wizarding world and the events that happen around him is actually really funny. I also thought Katherine Waterstone and Alison Sodul did great playing two sisters who wind up roped in to the whole adventure. The creatures are the best part of the entire movie by far. They CGI on them looks kind of fake, but it's more than made up for by the concepts alone. Almost all of them have some clever twerk that keep them from feeling generic and they're all filled with personality. The sequences when they're catching these creatures are all really fun to watch. However there are some problems with this movie. For one it has way too many side characters. A lot of them feel completely underdeveloped and add basically nothing to the overall story (*cough* Jon Voight *cough*). There's also a magical threat that becomes more central towards the end but it honestly kind of left me scratching my head. I just wasn't that engaged in that part of the story to be honest. Still these problems are not enough to ruin the movie by any means. It's filled with wonder and creativity and being back in the world of witchcraft and wizardry is worth the price of admission alone. I enjoyed the characters, the humour and the creatures a whole lot. I also want to give J.K. Rowling huge credit for not just rehashing the Harry Potter story again. This is fresh and new and while it isn't flawless by any means it's certainly entertaining!
4 I have to say that I am really disappointed of the movie as a whole. The Harry Potter movies are easily one of the best and most rewatchable movie franchises so far. And this movie is sadly nothing like the original HP movies. The only thing that is has in common are the special effects (for the apparitions). There was no real dialogue between the characters. Just silly one-liners and the occasional humorous remark. I am also very angered by the fact that they just introduced a new concept (obscurials) to the HP franchise that would literally change everything (if obscurials exist why hasn't Harry Potter become one? After all he fits the criteria).There was also way too much CGI in the movie. It became a real nuisance after a while. Especially because it wasn't even "up to today's standards".My final critique concerns the overall flair of the movie. It just didn't feel like it belongs to the magnum opus that is the HP movie franchise. And righteously so; why did they film it in NYC? The HP franchise is the most British thing since James Bond and Doctor Who. I never really realized it before but now that I watched this movie it became very clear to me. You can't just change the location like this and expect the audience to embrace it. Sorry. What's next? Fantastic Beasts in Japan? No thanks. We already have that, it's called Kaiju.
3 FANTASTIC BEASTS AND WHERE TO FIND THEM is the latest instalment in the cash cow HARRY POTTER franchise and a total disappointment as a movie. I didn't expect much when I saw that artificial director David Yates, responsible for the shallowest movies in the Harry Potter film series as well as the awful LEGEND OF TARZAN, was at the helm, but Rowling's first-ever script promised something; it turns out she's a far worse scriptwriter than she is a novelist.This plays out as a prequel to Potter, with Eddie Redmayne - adopting a single gormless expression of wonder from beginning to end - on the hunt for various escaping magical creatures in 1920s New York. There's no plot at all, just endless chase scenes involving poorly animated CGI beasties, so the supporting cast have nothing to do expect add perfunctory romance/comedy/drama, none of which works. The CGI is blatant and used to drive the narrative, which it can't do, so by the time of the umpteenth magical battle you simply don't care. And they're making another four of these? Give me strength!
8 How do you make a 'Harry Potter' movie without Harry Potter? Before the last of the eight films of J.K. Rowling's staggeringly popular universe five years ago, that must have been the conundrum facing Warner Brothers executives as they stared at the end of the line of their most lucrative franchise. And yet thanks to Rowling herself as well as series stalwart David Yates, there is once again new life to be found in the world of witchcraft and wizardry that she had dreamt up in the seven books of the boy wonder. The inspiration is one of Harry's textbooks at Hogwarts, an essential text which served as a guide to magical animals written by one Newt Scamander. Rowling had written it into a companion piece in 2001, but as those who had read the 128- page book will tell you, there is a lot more that Rowling must have had to add to her first movie script even as an adaptation of that earlier book.That explains why the film's narrative feels like two parallel story lines, both of which are set in the 1920s in New York City. The first (and the one more obviously drawn from her text) concerns the magizoologist and former Hogwarts student's (Eddie Redmayne) arrival with a suitcase of magical creatures in tow. He's here to do field work for the titular book that he's writing, but no thanks to a mix- up involving a klutzy working-class 'no-maj' (meaning 'muggle' or ordinary, non-magical human) named Jacob Kowalski (Dan Fogler), some of the beasts Newt keeps hidden in his suitcase  which is really a magical device enclosing a massive nature preserve  have escaped. Together with two comely female wizards, the struggling investigator Porpentina Goldstein (Katherine Waterson) and her mind-reading sister Queenie (Alison Sudol), Newt and Jacob set out to chase down these creatures before they wreak more havoc on the city.And yet their blithe adventure could not have taken place in a more complicated time  not only has the Magical Congress of the United States (or MACUSA in short) set out strict rules against the revelation of the existence of wizards and/or the wizarding world, its meticulously cautious Madam President (Carmen Ejojo) has outlawed the possession of all beasts. There is perhaps good reason though  the city is torn by a mysterious force purportedly to be that of an Obscurus, a dark and uncontrollable power manifested by wizards who have repressed (rather than being taught to control) their innate powers. Rounding out the second, and much darker, story is a missing dark wizard called Gellert Grindelward (Johnny Depp), which the opening prologue via numerous newspaper reels informs us has gone underground since his dark doings in Europe. It's no secret that Grindelward and by extension, Depp, whom we see only briefly at the end of the movie, will take up much of the acreage of the four other 'Fantastic Beasts' films that Yates and Rowling have planned. Given how this needs to set the stage for the beginning of a new franchise, there is understandably yards of exposition and a lot of introductions to do within the just-over two hours it has. It also means that, aside from its city-shaking cataclysm of a climax, this is pretty much like an origin story, such that like the first 'Harry Potter' movie, one gets the distinct sense that it is holding back for bigger and hopefully even more intriguing things down the road.Not to say that this first of a quintet isn't charming in and of itself; oh no, in fact, we are confident that Potter fans and newcomers alike will find much to love and beguile of the rich and fascinating fictional world that Rowling has created. Indeed, there is sheer delight in discovering the menagerie of creatures that Newt has hidden in his briefcase  among them a scene-stealing platypus with a penchant for stealing shiny things, a majestic avian which changes shape and size to fill any available space, and a tiny stick-like green insect that can pick locks. Before things get serious, the early scenes with Newt and his unlikely companions pop with escapist fun, not least when he and Jacob get caught in incriminating situations by law enforcement while pursuing their small, furry and oh-so-cute kleptomaniac around bank vaults and jewelry stores. It is also here that we get to savour more fully the effortlessly endearing Redmayne and Fogler, one quirkily adorable as the shy and slightly awkward boy-man and the other an unassuming bumbler whose wide-eyed wonder upon the world previously hidden from his eyes channels our very own.Like how she did with Harry, Ron and Hermoine, Rowling gets a strong character dynamic going around the four cohorts, including a budding attraction between Newt and his Auror-turned-ally Tina as well as a gentle romance between Jacob and Queenie. It is these characters that anchor the busy plotting in the second hour with heartfelt emotion. Even so, the beautifully ornate production design shines through every frame, whether a seedy underground jazz club with all manner of peculiar (if slightly grotesque) creatures to Manhattan's old City Hall subway station where the climax unfolds. The special effects are equally stellar, particularly the transition from our world to that inside the suitcase and a breathtaking scene where the Obscurus wrecks destruction across several of New York's skyscrapers before plunging into the City Hall station. And of course, the close-ups of the various beasts are just as visually stunning, some scary, some cuddly, some ethereal and some just downright goofy. Even without the appeal of adorable young children, 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' is pure enchantment, perfectly setting the stage for a whole new chapter of the wizarding world we've come to embrace through the 'Harry Potter' films. To call it fantastic may be slightly hyperbolic, but you'll be glad to know it doesn't fall too far short.
3 Not being a fan of the universe that Rowling created and not much of a fan of "Harry Potter" as such, then I had very little interest in watching "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" actually, but I had the chance and went to watch it with my wife.And while she found it to be a good movie and enjoyed it, then I was in the opposite side. I didn't enjoy "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" one bit.Sure this movie was amazingly great and astounding to look at visually. And believe you me that there was not spared on the special effects and the visuals in this movie. The CGI effects in "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" was off the charts. And that alone is almost enough to make it worthwhile to watch the movie, almost...What deterred me was how the was the amazingly boring storyline. It took forever for nothing to happen, and that was a massive anchor around the movie, dragging it down to the point where it became unbearable to witness.It seemed like the entire movie was just a stream of random scenes put together, in no particular order, for making a complete movie. There was a disturbing lack of a red thread throughout the course of this movie.As for the acting, well they surely had managed to get some great names and talents along for the ride, but the pick for the lead role was a bit beyond my comprehension, because Eddie Redmayne seemed to be as lost in the story as the rest of the audience. He stuck out like a sore thumb among the likes of Colin Farrell and Dan Fogler.I walked out on the movie shortly after 50 minutes into the movie, when the main character started to do a mating dance. That was just the pinnacle of ridiculousness and I tossed the towel in the ring at that point. It was just too much.I am sure that there definitely is a massive fan flock for this movie, given the success of the "Harry Potter" movies (and books), however it was just a swing and a miss for my part.
8 Having grown up with the Harry Potter books, and as someone who found a lot to like with all the films (though admittedly some were better than others), expectations were high for 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them'. Especially also with such good word of mouth.Those high expectations were met, and more. 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' serves as an introduction to the new era of the wizarding world, and not succeeds brilliantly doing that but also works as a magical slice of entertainment in its own. A long film it is, but a vast majority of the time it doesn't feel like it, so engrossing is the world that the film creates.Not all's perfect. 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' takes a bit of time to get going, with a slow and overlong introduction that tended to also be confusingly written. Jon Voight is wasted as a character with not much personality or development and with a subplot that practically is forgotten about, both by the viewer and by the film. It is too early to tell how well Grindelwald will fare as a villain, but first impressions weren't that promising with Johnny Depp's performance not really igniting my fire, for somebody who specialises in oddball roles he just seemed too lightweight for such an evil character. This said, the future films I'm sure will turn this around if they keep going forward rather than backward.'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' lives up to its name visually. The look of the film is spellbinding, from the wonderful use of colour, with perfectly contrasting shades of light and dark, to cinematography that is never garish and too simple or murky and convoluted, a standout of the latter being that long shot of Credence and Graves in the alley. The standout is easily for the interiors of the suitcase, our looks of awe matching the characters'. Even better are the special effects for the creatures, all of which are technical marvels. This said they are more than that, they are also creatures with their own distinct identity and purpose, as great as Demiguise, Occamy and Thunderbird the standout is the adorable Niffler who also provides some of the biggest and best laughs.James Newton Howard's music score has the right amount of the haunting, the whimsical, the ethereal and the rousing, always dynamic with the action and what's going on in the film. The script has some grim social-commentary and suspense, which gives the film its darkness, while also bringing some perfectly pitched humour (mostly from Jacob and the Niffler), poignant emotion and sense of wonder, while balancing these different tones in a way that never makes one think "it's trying to be too many things" or "it doesn't know what it wants to be". The references to details from Harry Potter will make die-hard fans squeal with delight, they certainly gave me a sense of nostalgia. There is a lot going on in the story, but all in a way that is told with charm, exuberant and offbeat wit, enchanting imagination and nail-biting suspense. Loved the little details as well, such as the wand-shining house elfs, the bake-offs, the office-cleaning and the magically translucent umbrellas.David Yates was more than ideal as director, having the firm ground from having directed the last four Harry Potter films. There are no complaints to be had visually and technically, and, other than the slow start, could find little to fault with the way the story was told. The characters are well drawn and their personalities well established, with the only real glaring exception being with Voight's character. Found myself really caring for the heroes and the creatures, and got a real sense of threat from the villains (excepting Grindelwald).Acting was top notch, apart from Depp (and Voight doesn't really have much to work with to make any distinction), with Eddie Redmayne on superbly eccentric and endearingly quirky form. He is ideally matched by an affecting Alison Sudol, a charming Katherine Waterson and a highly amusing and amiable Dan Folger. On villain duty is Colin Farrell playing his dastardly role with smarmy relish and a chilling and heart-breakingly repressed Ezra Miller, though the latter is more ambiguous as a character whereas the former is full-on villainous. Samantha Morton also impresses.On the whole, a magical introduction to the new era wizarding world, and mostly it is fantastic. 8/10 Bethany Cox
8 Perhaps the biggest dilemma you will have before going into this, is whether or not it will live up to the legend of Harry Potter. As someone who loved the series and was skeptical about Yates undertaking this endeavor, I am pleased to say that I'm relieved, As Yates delivers a refreshing and whimsical film. Sure, it doesn't have the characters we've come to love, but with the creatures you encounter and with the added humor of J.K Rowling, you will come to grip with the fact that this movie will leave an impression.Newt is a scientist who has an uncanny resemblance to Doctor Who, as his strange and cunning outlook bares the trademarks of the epic character. Newt is searching for unorthodox creatures. As he stuffs them into his suitcase which is an accident waiting to happen. The suitcase seems to be unhinged and dire need of a proper lock. As he arrives in New York he mixes his bag with Jacob Kowalski, who lets loose beasts that start to run rampant in the streets. J.K. Rowling's first outing as a screenwriter is a wild success, with her keen eye for detail and whimsical taste. "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" becomes a fine addition to her epic saga. I'm glad that there are four more awaiting us because if Rowling proved anything, it's that she has a lot more to offer.
1 David Yates has done it again - what a terrible movie. Boring from beginning to end. J.K. Rowling just wasn't able to write a script that could live up to the Harry Potter books and universe. Fantastic? Not so much. Beasts? Sure, lots of them, but uninteresting. Where to find them? All inside a magical bag. There's absolutely no character development: we get to know very little about Newt Scamander, his personal quest, his thoughts or what drives him; Tina is just bland; and Kowalski is a comic relief that just wasn't necessary. Throughout the movie, you never understand why Newt has a "Noah complex" or why he was driven to build his own Ark of magical creatures; there's no tension, no drama involved - muggles don't know about those creatures, so they can't hate them or understand how dangerous they might be, and wizards just don't seem to care enough about them. Why exactly was Newt expelled from Hogwarts? What exactly was his relation to Leta Lestrange? We just don't know. Graves was an interesting character, but very poorly developed. Sure, he is revealed to be something more and we couldn't know too much, but we never get to understand the context in which he professes his ideology. For a movie that revolves around magic, there's actually not that much magic being used during the movie. Maybe next time they should try a movie with less special effects and a little bit more acting. The Harry Potter books were always about the narrative - well written, enticing, thrilling, focused on big existential issues, such as death, the quest for immortality, friendship. This movie was about the visual power of cinema, and that just isn't enough. Besides, a whole generation grew up with Harry Potter, a generation that actually "grew up", so a PG movie won't work.
1 When they have nothing to say and no message to deliver, but they still want to make a movie, they are resorting to special effects. Special effects over special effects. Nothing matters anymore, the story, the actors, the direction, nothing at all. The music in this kind of films is always the same, it seems to be a carbon copy. Poor Jon Voight, what a huge distance from "Midnight Cowboy", "Coming Home", and "Runaway Train" (all three absolute masterpieces), and his next films (culminating with this s..t). Poor Colin Farrell, also a very good actor himself (but not here, here everything is bad). Poor cinematographer Philippe Rousselot, what he came to do... (he's the one who signed in the past the cinematography to masterpieces like "Diva", "The Moon in the Gutter", "The Emerald Forest", "The Bear", "Dangerous Liaisons", "Henry & June"). Mr. Director David Yates is an expert in stupidity, he's making only poop-movies. Only one thing I liked in this huge mess: the pastries in the shape of fantastic beasts offered by Kowalski (Dan Fogler) in his shop at the end of the film.
6 It's OK, I suppose.Good parts: Period costumes & sets were beautiful. Special effects were (mostly) very good, and the Fantastic Beasts were individually great fun.So-so parts: The acting was only OK. Newt (Eddie Redmayne) in particular left me dissatisfied. Yes he's playing an introverted character, but I saw no reason for the bond he seemed to build with Tina. The MACUSA wizards & witches were extremely underdeveloped, including the President. Their hot-and-cold treatment of Tina for her interruptions made no sense to me either.Poor: The editing seemed off to me, in a way I haven't noticed since The Chamber of Secrets. --- awkward pauses littered the film, robbing it of its momentum. Newt's interaction with some of the larger beasts didn't look realistic (e.g. his stroking the Thunderbird's neck). And I personally dislike FX-heavy movies where the Big Bad is some amorphous cloud (not as bad as Green Lantern, but pretty bad).Final thought: why do so many large beasts have bird's heads? This seems to be a thing with Rowling ...
9 I really enjoyed watching this film. It is visually astounding with some amazing creatures which inhabit a world that is familiar to us, New York of the 1920's. Eddie Redmain comes to the big city from London to find a weird creature. It is quite destructive and his task is difficult because laws have been passed against magic. There are several factions in the city, the strength of whom is difficult to pinpoint. We have no trouble realizing who the heroes are, but the infighting within the administration is not totally clear (although I'm probably too inept to get it the first time). There is a delicate balance between the edgy, dire blackness of Harry Potter and its humor. Some of the creatures are hilarious, but when push comes to shove, there is nothing funny about what is happening. Lives are being lost and religious fanatics are seizing power. Life in the city is crippled by poverty and despair. I understand there are several films yet to be made that bank on the unanswered questions in this one. I am hoping to watch this again to get more of an understanding of it. Oh! The special effects are beyond belief.
8 I admit walking into the theater, I was very excited but also a little apprehensive. I should not have worried at all though, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was incredibly enjoyable! Rowling's magical world is as alluring and fun as ever! For me, the best thing about this movie is exactly that. Exploring this world.In the Harry Potter saga, with the exception of Deathly Hallows, most of the action was confined in Hogwarts. When we were taken out of the school, the main characters, being underage, were not allowed to do magic. The novelty in this movie is that we get to follow a fully fledged adult wizard in an entirely new environment and observe the dynamics and workings of the magical society.Said wizard is Newt Scamander, a magical zoologist that traveled the world in order to find and document rare creatures, which he carries in his magical suitcase. When this suitcase gets mixed up with one that belongs to muggle Jacob, some of Newt's creatures escape and cause problems in New York.Eddie Redmayne shines in this movie. He plays a very clearly British, endearing and slightly awkward Newt, but the character's kindness is obvious by the loving and friendly way that he treats his magical creatures. Dan Fogler does a great job as Jacob Kowalski, the muggle who is suddenly thrown into a world of wonder that existed beside him all along. He is the one the audience can best relate to, since he mirrors our sense of marvel. Katherine Waterstone and Alison Sudol also do a good job as the two vastly different magical sisters, who aid Newt in his adventure. If I had a small gripe, it would be that the excellent Colin Farell was in my opinion under used.All in all, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a solid and visually stunning movie that manages to achieve three things.First, although it takes place in the Harry Potter universe, it stands apart and has its very own story, which can be enjoyed separately from that of the famous young wizard. Second, it drops quite a few hints and names, which not only tie in nicely with the stories that we know, but also serve to set up the next installments, which are rumored to document Dumbledore's past and connection with Grindelwald. Finally, the movie features a bustling 1926 New York, which coupled with the intriguing character dynamics, offers a brand new insight into Rowling magical world and leaves us poor muggles asking for more.After following Harry's adventures, many of us were left wanting to see much more of the story and luckily for us, it seems Rowling has that much more to offer. Personally, I can't wait for the next movie, great job!
4 It's always tough for a reboot or a reimagining of a franchise to win over the hearts of all viewers. The Harry Potter films were this generation's Star Wars. It was always going to be an uphill battle for Fantastic Beasts and in my opinion, the film never even got off the ground. With no heart, weak visual effects, and surprisingly little imagination, Fantastic Beasts and How to Get Bored turns out the most disappointing film going experience of this year.I'm going to try and not compare the film too much to its predecessors, because that's ultimately unfair. This was a new thing. There are only a few little references here and there to characters we knew. After all, this film takes place 70 years before Harry entered Hogwarts. With that said, I'm not sure what the appeal here is without an attachment to the series. Sure, J.K. Rowling comes back and makes her screen writing debut, but the script felt so basic and unimaginative. Aside from some nicely time physical humor, this was a sloppily paced missed opportunity.Our new wizard team comprised of talented actors Eddie Redmayne, Katherine Waterson, Dan Fogler, and Alison Sudol. I'm not sure if it was because the youth and innocence is no longer there (like with the original team at Hogwarts), but I didn't care at all for the team. Fogler, who plays Kowalski, has some great (and I mean great) comedic moments, but I didn't find anything compelling or charismatic about this particular group. Unfortunately, Redmayne gets lost in his obscure quirkiness (as does Ezra Miller for that matter), and Colin Farrell's Graves' character was criminally underused.Speaking of Farrell, I have no idea why he would want to take on such a role. The third act reveals that Farrell is actually the dangerous wizard, Grindelwald undercover. Of course, none other than Johnny Depp himself was officially cast as Grindelwald a few weeks ago for the upcoming films. Why in the world get such a talented actor in Farrell if you're just going to switch him to another famous actor the next second? It just seemed like a waste to me.I hope other people found enjoyment in this film, because I certainly did not. But hey, I still have faith that a sequel could be good. 5 movies? I'm not so sure about, but I wouldn't mind seeing another one of these films. Coming from a big Potter film fan, this was a massive disappointment.+Kowalski provided some entertainment-Farrell wasted-No real heart-The new team is uninteresting and lacks charisma-Surprisingly mediocre CGI4.0/10
8 The magical community in Britain has been fleshed out rather well through the seven Harry Potter books and the eight films that followed, but America's magic users have been pretty much overlooked.Until now.The year is 1926. In the midst of the dark wizard Grindelwald wreaking havoc in Europe, an unassuming man travels to New York City with a case full of, well, fantastic beasts ( a case which goes full TARDIS, as well). There's also an unknown magical threat tearing up streets and striking fear in the hearts of the nomaj (non-magical, US term for muggle) community. The Magical Congress of the United States is searching for the culprit, and who do they blame? The unassuming man, Newt Scamander, a role that Eddie Redmayne fits into perfectly.With the help of Tina Goldstein, a disgraced Auror, and Jacob Kowalski, a nomaj who gets caught up in Scamander's creature exploits, they must clear Scamander's name and find out who is behind the attacks in New York and stop them.This film has a lot going for it, but it really holds up as an installment of the Harry Potter franchise in the way that it showcases the allure of the universe without the old story of The Boy Who Lived. It is also buoyed by great visual effects and witty banter throughout.This will prove to be just the first of possibly many films in the Harry Potter universe (and yes, Johnny Depp does show up as Grindelwald), and if this film is any indicator of the wonder this universe instills, I can't wait for more.
3 J.K Rowling, not content with having milked 'Harry Potter' for all it was worth (quite a lot as it turned out) has now decided to expand her 'wizarding world' with this sort of spin-off series.Sadly this first instalment isn't that fantastic, in fact it's lots of special effects holding together a paper thin plot that seems largely to involve poor Eddie Redmayne running here, there and everywhere trying to catch whichever creature has escaped from his suitcase next.There are moments, yes, when this film actually lives up to its billing, and I'll be interested to see where the franchise goes, but this was a load of old nothing really.
6 Borderline Charmless with a Lead Character (Eddie Redmayne) that Mumbles, Withdraws, and is Virtually Lifeless. The Female Lead (Katherine Waterston) is a Good Pairing because Her Character is Lifeless too. Then there's Jon Voight, who is Absent Anything to do with a Sub-Plot that goes Nowhere. Colin Farrell (as a main antagonist) seems Depressed to be there.It doesn't Bode Well when the most Engaging Characters are Secondary, Dan Fogler and Samantha Morton and Their Flirtatious Frolicking Occasionally Lifts the Movie from its Doldrums, as do a few of the Titular Beasts.But the Look of the Movie is Drab Brown and the Film is Drab in other ways. There is Very Little Energy when a Beast isn't On Screen and the Production seems Static and Stiff.The CGI is Generic and the "X-Men Mutant vs Human" Story is a Lazy Recycling. In the End the Main Antagonist is a Reveal that is Not-Surprising and is Rendered as a Whirling Spiral of a Dark Liquid Mist (talk about a let-down).It's an OK Time-Waster but Overall it's such a Waste of Budget, Writing Talent, and when Imagination is Lacking in a Film that IS Imagination, it becomes a Missed Opportunity at Best and at Worst, a Disappointing Development in a Franchise that Deserves Better.
6 Meh. Just meh. This film looks like a 50 dollar steak but tastes like a turkey sandwich you forgot about in the refrigerator for a day. It isn't bad but doesn't make you want anymore. And I think that is why they had to shoehorn Johnny Depp in at the end of this, because otherwise no one would care enough to watch a sequel. The dude playing the wizard looking for his pets is meh. The story felt like filler. I honestly have no idea why people consider this film anything other than mediocre. I guess die-hard Harry Potter fans are so desperate for more Harry Potter stuff on the big screen that they are willing to pretend this film is something special when it really isn't.
1 Since when movies like this one took over? No plot, no characters development, no substance, cheap jokes here and there and CGI filling up space. Just another film that tries to squeeze bucks out of franchise without genuine effort.Nothing happens throughout the whole movie, literally. For the most of it, Eddie Redmayne searches for his beasts and tries to imprison them in his suitcase. We are supposed to be amazed by them, but we have seen alike a long time ago in previous HP, Avatar or even LOTR movies, so they alone simply don't cut it. Then there is a brief fight with "the bad slash confused guys" and that's it.I had a hard time to find out who is the main villain almost the entire movie, and I definitely didn't discover his motives. The revelation of the villain was stupid and embarrassing and everybody except for hardcore HP fans doesn't have a chance to know what the hell is going on with him. Showing this dark matter damaging streets like each 15 minutes didn't help and got quickly boring, because it didn't pose any actual threat to our heroes, and its only purpose was to fill the holes with CGI and banging sound anyway (I guess).I felt no connection to any of the characters whatsoever. Redmayne acts like a crazy nerdo who has feelings only for his monsters, Katherine Waterston is uninteresting bureaucratic mouse and her sister behaves like a slut. The baker was OK, but each one of them was acting unnaturally. This is completely different from HP, where I could feel for Harry (or others for that matter) struggling with his substitute family, adaptation to a foreign environment, love, hate and at last burden of great responsibility, and even though Daniel Radcliffe hasn't shown that great performance at least in the first movies, I could relate to him and understand him.Fantastic Beasts has not brought anything new, we have seen all the wizard stuff before - all the "automated" tools working by themselves, habitable suitcase instead of a tent, creation of this defensive bubble etc. New York didn't help either, gone is the magical atmosphere from UK and Hogwarts. The magic as such is treated just too casually here.I hadn't expected much, but still was disappointed. The thing is, that this movie isn't nowadays an exception any more, and it strongly reminds me of the last Star Wars movies, whose sole purpose is to grab your money and let you wait for next one in a trilogy to at least get an explanation and some satisfaction. Can't we produce solid standalone movies anymore? What a letdown !
4 Watched the movie but can't find interest at any point, story line must be better.
6 "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" is an American/British co-production from last year (2016) that runs for slightly over 2 hours plus roughly 10 minutes of credits. If you read the names of writer J.K. Rowling and director David Yates, you have possibly guessed correctly already that this movie takes place in the Harry Potter universe, namely roughly 70 years earlier, during the days between the two great wars of the 20th century. Fittingly, the visual style of the film reminded me of Boardwalk Empire on more than one occasion. So I guess they did a good job with making things look the way they were back then. But of course, in the center of it all is no gritty crime drama, but it is all about the fantasy. The world of magic is a taboo at that point and a secret society tries their best to keep it that way and to keep people away from finding out about the infinite supernatural possibilities that are out there waiting to be explored.This is where title character Newt Scamander comes into play. He is a young wizard traveling from Britain to the United States and we follow his journey involving new friends and creatures during these 120 minutes. He is played by Eddie Redmayne, the actor who won an Oscar for playing Stephen Hawking not too long ago, and I must say I like him quite a bit. This is also why I am fairly disappointed how things turned out here. Despite playing the central character, Redmayne never really was given the opportunity by the script to show us his range. Some supporting players had better material than he did. Speaking about supporting characters, I was surprised how the biggest supporting characters were played by relatively unknown actors here, but hey, Rowling made Radcliffe and Watson famous, so maybe she wanted to do something similar here, even if the actors I am talking about are of course grown-ups already. I am not sure. Perhaps it would have been the better opportunity to choose established and famous actors for these roles like they did with Maggie Smith and Alan Rickman back then to mention just a few. Still I believe that these relatively unknown actors did a decent job for the most part. The core problems here are elsewhere. The one main problem is that the film keeps losing itself in visual effects on many occasions. And no matter how good they may be, they can never make up for lengths in the story and insufficient character development. This is also the aspect which eventually got me giving this film a thumbs-down and a negative recommendation.I do believe that this film is worse than all the Harry Potter films. Good actors are wasted for characters that are really not well-written at all and also do not make a lot of sense. Yes this especially refers to Colin Farrell here. By the way, after Gilliam's Parnassus movie (because of Heath Ledger's death), this is already the second time he plays the same character like Johnny Depp in a film. And here we have also already the possibly biggest surprise of this film we have here. They managed to keep Depp's inclusion (even if he is gone seconds later again) a secret. Depp, however, will have to do something really great in the upcoming movies if he wants to get this franchise on course. Yep franchise. Of course they are cashing in further with the Potter universe and there will be up to 5 films about Newt Scamander and his companions in the next years. Judging from the quality of this one here, I think one could have been enough. Oh well, there is certainly some irony to the fact that this one here won an Oscar, an achievement that none of the Potter movies have in their uncountable number of awards. Then again, I don't want to be any more disrespectful. The costumes were good I guess and it can be noted that a film can have great costumes and still come short overall with regards to everything else. Or lets say most other aspects. Of course the effects are strong, in quantity and quality, but like I said: To me it looks like they were used very much to make people forget about the lack of sufficient character developments and convincing story-telling. The introduction to the world and new city in the first hour was decent (so was the botched execution scene) and had the film kept that level, I'd certainly have reacted more positively to it all. But it did not. "Style over substance" is a fitting description and I suggest you watch something else instead. I must also say that this hardly felt like a Potter film to me. Apart from occasional references like Dobby, the film felt like a standalone movie, but maybe that's also because the story will go on for a long time still. Not a good standalone movie though. I truly truly hope the second film will be better.Correction: I liked it more on rewatch, so I will give this one an additional two stars and raise it from previously 4 to 6.
3 I will keep this brief....No significant story to speak of...the film just drones on and on with the "gotta catch the creatures that escaped from the suitcase" crap. That is basically it.Poor/inadequate character development. There are just "characters" in the movie....we know little to nothing about them or their motivations....and care little to nothing about what happens to any of them.The essence of the film is "look at the weird and charming CGI creatures we created". I cannot believe that after all the years of CGI...the producers of this movie still believed that effects alone can make a movie....but apparently they do. The CGI is not new or refreshing in any way that I could see...just CGI.I am sure this movie will get some audience in the first few days, just by tapping into the "Harry Potter" world. But it won't last. Word will get out, and the (currently ridiculously inflated) IMDb ratings will drop like a stone.Take my word on this. This is a boring and bland failure of a movie. I slept through about a third of it, and those moments of unconsciousness were the best part.
10 J. K. Rowling added a new dimension to the Harry Potter universe with a story about the author of one of Harry's textbooks. "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" depicts eccentric wizard Newt Scamander (Eddie Redmayne) in New York City in 1926. A mishap gives Newt a few unplanned adventures amid the supernatural occurrences plaguing the city. And there are a few references that should catch people's attention. Overall, from what I could tell, the movie makes a point about discrimination and witch-hunting (and the laws against wizards marrying non-wizards is probably an allusion to the infamous anti-miscegenation laws).But most importantly, it's a fun movie. As in the original series, each of the characters has something to contribute. David Yates, who directed a couple of the Harry Potter movies, does a good job here.
7 In the beginning of the Twentieth Century, the magician Newt Scamander (Eddie Redmayne) comes to New York City. While listening to the speech of the non-maj Mary Lou Barebone (Samantha Morton) telling that witches and wizards are dangerous, he lets a Niffler escape from his magical suitcase. Newt tries to capture the creature in a bank, but he stumbles upon the non-maj Jacob Kowalski (Dan Folger), who is a cannery worker unsuccessfully trying to raise a loan to buy a bakery. Newt captures the Niffler but he accidentally swaps his suitcase with Jacob. The former Auror Tina Golstein (Katherine Waterson) arrests Newt since he has not registered as a wizard in New York and brings him to the MACUSA. However, when she opens his suitcase, she finds only donuts and baked goods. Newt is released but his creatures flee from his suitcase at Jacob's apartment. When Newt and Tina find Jacob, Newt wants to obliviate his memory but Tina decides to bring him to her apartment since he is wounded and confused. She introduces her sister Queenie (Alison Sudof) to Newt and Jacob, and Queenie and Jacob feel immediately attracted by each other. During the night, Newt brings Jacob with him through the magical suitcase to help him to search for the creatures that are missing. However Tina takes the suitcase to the MACUSA and they are arrested since she believes one of Newt's creature is the responsible for killing a senator. However the wizard Percival Graves (Colin Farrell) accuses Newt of conspiracy with the notorious wizard Gellert Grindelwald and Newt and Tina are sentenced to death. What will happen to them?"Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" is an entertaining adventure with a flawed story. For example, why Newt needs to travel by ship if he may move using his magic? The cast is excellent, highlighting the cameo of Johnny Depp. The CGI is top-notch and despite the running time, the viewer does not feel bored. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "Animais Fantsticos e Onde Habitam" ("Fantastic Beasts and Where They Live")
6 May 2017 My wife and I watched this at home on DVD from our public library. It is set in the 1920s, when Eddie Redmayne as Newt is on his way to Arizona to free a giant flying beast back to its original home. We don't learn why he was with Newt. But he stops in New York and mixing up his suitcase with that of a baker trying to get a bank loan to start his own business creates all kinds of chaos. Newt's suitcase is the kind only a magician would have. He sets it on the floor, opens it, and climbs inside to reveal he is in another world, one filled with all kinds of "fantastic beasts." The visuals are excellent as well as the acting. But the story often is very confusing. Something is causing a large amount of devastation of various buildings, but what it is and why is it going off?I really enjoyed the various Harry Potter movies, their stories were more clearly presented, but this movie, while mostly entertaining, is not that special.
10 Superb movie
After watching this i'm became a fan of yash
10 With beautiful Background score, Cinematography, Action and direction, the movie is a treat for Mass fans across India with heavy power packed dialogues filled with all sorts of emotions. What seems like a Rocky's celebration has layers when looked closely. There are characters who want Rocky to win in the end and have made him easier to do do, That certainly gives an idea of how the past and uture story unveils in KGF Chapter 2. Enjoyed the movie with all heart :). Good luck and love to team KGF!
1 Saw the 8+ rating of the movie and decided to give it a go. During the whole movie I tried to stop watching it multiple time, but kept on going hoping something good will happen and was utterly disappointed at the end. The movie has very old and cliche plot line. Typically, there is a protagonist who literally eve-teases a girl who at the end is wooed by his "persistence" (no wonder a lot of street goons are inspired by such characters making our country an unsafe place for women). The action is typical comical south-indian movie style where one punch from the "hero" sends villain in alternate dimension. The dialogues are crowd pleasing one line punchliners which might appeal to certain audience. Only good thing about the movie was decent acting by the lead actor.
10 This is a must watch movie . Yash has proved his potential
1 The whole movie is illogical,,,from starting of movie to the last everyone praising the hero,,, nobody firing any bullet on him and he is killing all villians  total time waste movie,,, worst script.
10 Yash looks awesome. Great performance by director, cinematographer and music director. Narration is excellent. Dialogues are extremely good. Can't wait for chapter 2. Yash will be now Indian star. Director Prashant Neel will join league of Rajamouli and Shankar.
2 There are so many slow motion secenes that if they were at normal speed movie would have ended in 70 min. I don't know when Indian movies will pass beyond mindset of 1 hero beating 1000 mens without having a single scratch. Very disappointed after suggested by 10 friends. Wasted my time.
1 Yeah ! I rated 1 stars, You know why? This movie makes no sense, and I'm completely shocked about how much hyped the movie is. Firstly, The main character Rocky is shown as a superhero ,yeah right an over the top action film protagonist , who fights with hundred people , and they just fly away. Yeah, it makes sense in South Indian Films where law of physics are not counted.
But we are in 2019 now and still watching this cringe? You are going to say, Superhero movies in hollywood does the same and we don't talk about that. duh, these are completely different genre. secondly, dialogues in the movie is okay for movies that released in 90's times. " Gangster to jo gang leke aata hain, wo hai monster" I Can't take anymore of this cringe. In fact, they wasted the whole film duration in developing the characters, Not a single shot where, Rocky is not shown. Maybe one or two? And the plot? Well, A boy from slum , his mother dies, this kind of story is common now.You want a gangster movie? Watch once upon a time in mumbai, see how it entertains you without having masala elements. Watch Gangster 2006 .
8 What's Passion? To work or put efforts on something repeatedly until you get it absolutely right, which one loves and holds close to the heart without getting distracted even for a second. In one of the interviews Prashant Neel, the Director had said that he has watched KGF more than 150 times while editing. He wanted to make his KGF, a near perfect craft. While shooting, Bhuvan Gowda, the cinematographer used to carry around 40kgs of the camera and its accessories on top while canning the sequences in windy and dusty region. The gigantic sets used to come down crashing after heavy wind and rains yet the Art Director, Shivakumar used to go back in erecting the same sets as they stood earlier. Yash, used to give multiple retakes with no sign of fatigue or feeling bored in that dust bowl.KGF will be made in two chapters. The chapter 1 is out and at the outset, it traces with pre-historical chronology world of events letting the audience know the importance of owning Gold and the battles for it. The chapter 1 deals with micro level of unorganized crime, Mafia and underworld. The Chapter 1 depicts about the greed and the race for one-up man-ship within many characters in getting the control of Goldmine, KGF. To enter into the Macro level of an orbit of world crime syndicate, one has to clear his way at the micro level. The dirt has to be cleaned to make way to the top. The chapter 1 ends at the doorstep of Chapter 2, which is meant to open for the Triangular battle between International mafia (for Gold), The interruption of India's Govt and Rocky (who valorously emerges out of KGF slavery, as a Messiah)The film is narrated through the author's (Played by Anantnag) First hand experience to a News Editor (Played by Malvika Avinash) As his book gets banned by the Central Govt. He traces the journey of rocky from his birth to establishing himself as the feared crime lord from Mumbai docks to Bangalore to finally his destined place KGF. The mother sentiment is well crafted and placed appropriately throughout the film. Though the story line is predictable and replicates Ugramm template. In KGF also just like Ugramm, many characters get introduced and thus challenges one's memory to remember the count of characters. Yash's introduction in an elaborated action sequence keeps everyone engaged and makes glued to the screen. KGF falters at few places in the first half. Yash-Srinidhi scenes could have been better. The army of supporting characters may be revealed more in the Chapter 2. It's the second half, which meets the expectation and ends with retaliating climax, leaving multiple threads open only to be tied later in Chapter 2 on another day.KGF, from start to finish, is full of high octane action sequences, The dialogues are sharp and effective, Music is average, but gets compensated through an outrageous BGM (some influence from the soundtrack of Hams Zimmer's "The Oil"(Dunkirk).On Technical front: The captain of KGF mines, Prashant Neel, the Director should take a bow for bringing his vision on screen. Editing is very sharp, multiple scenes are played parallel and also intellectually blurred at few places to showcase that the character had no idea about the things to come. Ravi Basrur's music is a downer, but his BGM raises the milieu in all the sequences. The cinematography by Bhuvan Gowda is top-notch and world class (he will get all the awards if nominated functions PAN India level in 2019). The never say die attitude of Art Director Shivakumar should get all the accolades for erecting such massive sets of mines, in the midst of the dust bowls. KGF has used 90% of sets and just 10% of VFX for filming. KGF- Chapter 1 sets the stage for a macro-level showdown in chapter 2.
9 KGF exceeded all of my expectations.. There isn't really a love element in the film to spoil it too much.. I found the entire movie held my interest.. this will definitely be the film you're looking for.. This film has numerous memorable scenes that verge on the hysterical including the yash in the gold Fields.. Neel as a director is mind blowing and his secret, I believe, is his obvious respect for his audience,. Prashanth Neel And Rocking Star yash deserve a standing ovation.. I will always be remembered this...........BRAVO
1 Lot of problems with this movie:1. Pacing is abrupt.. some exposition scenes move too fast.. some scenes move so slow that you just want to fast forward them.2. Typical story: The backdrop of Kolar Gold Fields sounds interesting. Unfortunately, its only a backdrop and this film just becomes an ordinary gangster film. Hero infiltrates gang, woos heroine, kills villain. Have we seen this before?3. Too much cringe inducing Hero Worship: Yeah we get it, "Rocking Superstar" looks great and can make girls and some guys go gaga.. but having a slo-mo scene everytime he is on screen with voiceover explaining how he is the single best person on the face of this earth? Just pure cringe. Add to that the real world hero worship by the fans just shows you how politicians and film stars float on the sevenrh heaven in India.4. Headache inducing action: Rapid cuts and editing just make you dizzy.5. The heroine was there just for fun.. so were the item songs.6. What was the point the movie was trying to make? The mother makes her son promise that he will die a rich and powerful man. Ok understood. But richness and power can also be done in a legitimate way. Not by becoming a gangster and kiling people left right. An interesting story would have been if he got educated, became a minister or govt officer and then fought againt KGF mafia to win over the mines in a legitimate way. Maybe throwing in some fights for the required masala. Like Nayak.
TLDR: Just avoid and save 2.5 hours of your life.
4 K. G. F Chapter 1 might be an astonishing wonder for one section of film-goers who haven't yet been exposed to world cinema. But, honestly, it is little beyond an overstretched exercise in hailing the protagonist as invincible. The problem with films that have invincible heroes is that none of the challenges that the screenplay poses turns out to be engaging enough. This, in turn, makes K. G. F Chapter 1 a less than exciting experience.Prashant Neel has packaged the film with all necessary massy ingredients: there are slow-motion intro sequences, exquisitely staged yet pointless fights, and excessive hype created around the protagonist's indomitable aura. There are a bunch of scenes that try to reinstate the fact that Rocky (Yash) is unbeatable. It's clear from the very first scene that he's in. Yet, the director chooses to drive the point home over and over again. The dialogues too are some of the campiest I've heard in recent times. It's like no one in the film speaks normally. Everyone speaks as if they've been preparing their cheese-filled quotes/monologues for years, just waiting to spit them out at first given instance.Character-building is one area that the film lacks terribly in. We have more than a dozen (main) characters being introduced but none of them (and I repeat, none of them) are well-fleshed out. Even Rocky's childhood is just a collection of massy moments: he is pushed to the limit; his mom utters philosophical nonsense, and the next thing you see, he's beating people up in a jiffy. When Rocky grows older, he beats even more people up. Basically, the film uses the tired formula of one-man-against-many to build hype around the character of Rocky. This is something good old Shankar tried more than a decade ago and emerged a winner at. Prashant Neel attempts the same; he's supported greatly by his cinematographer Bhuvan Gowda (who assigns splendid colours to frames, often giving it a neo-noir touch), composer Ravi Basrur (the songs are bathroom-breaks but the background score was pretty epic), and the fine-looking production values (the set designs are elaborate).Where Neel lacks in the screenplay, he tries to compensate with cinematic gimmicks. The heroine, unfortunately, is a mere prop. She shows up in a couple of scenes (and a song) that do nothing but stretch the film's first half. In a film such as this, it would be criminal to even consider a well-written role for the heroine. In fact, the protagonist's mom (who appears in flashbacks) and a struggling pregnant mother at the gold mine receive better treatment than the heroine. Well, here's hoping she has something more to do in the sequel.The villains? I like how Prashant Neel tried to bring to the forefront not one, but a whole array of them. However, none of them manages to leave an impression. At the end of the day, they're just brawny halfwits who are not worthy of even tying the hero's shoelaces. K. G. F Chapter 1 certainly has a better second half (once the film shifts to the gold mine), though that it isn't saying much. I wish the director spent less time trying to write scenes glorifying Rocky and instead, focused on telling a more compelling story with well-rounded characters.I agree that a gangster movie needs its share of crowd-pleasing moments and even then, K. G. F Chapter 1 isn't a lot beyond an overly indulgent star vehicle. I'm not exactly sure if it's the packaging that impressed audiences or the frequent massy reminders; it definitely isn't the screenplay. Yash sleepwalks through the role of Rocky - one which thankfully doesn't require the greatest acting capabilities. This may be a benchmark for the Kannada film industry, but it's high time they realize they're still way behind when it comes to quality content and story-telling, because well, a brilliant technical crew can only do so much to elevate a mediocre screenplay. I hope to see more films along the lines of 'Lucia', 'Lifeu Ishtene', RangiTaranga', 'Kirik Party', and 'Thithi' instead of 'K. G. F'.
10 Yeah acting - 10
Story -10
Cinematography-10
Songs and bgm-10
Direction-10
Editing-10
Screen play-10
All the things in this film is just perfect. This team took almost 3 years to complete this movie .. you can see the detailing in the movie director prashanth Neel hats of without him this film would have been impossible. Yash your acting is ultimate.. Yash thanks for giving chance for all New comers please continue the same in future.. the whole world should watch this movie.. fans are going mad by seeing this movie on 21st December 2018.
1 Poor poor scene transitioning...poor poor acting...not even close to what amounts to a Hollywood B movie. Nothing is epic. Blabbering is so quick, the subtitles can't keep up.
I lasted 3 scenes then backed right out.
Blech!
1 I mean the movie screams that if Rocky (actor name) will be up for a fight not a bullet can touch him. Ridiculous waste of time, heard from friends so I decided to watch. If you hate Bahubali then this one could be easy on your list
The story line is crap it like a low key detective is trying to make hight level conspiracy.
3 Same old Mom-Son-Bombay cliche with a love story embedded unnecessary and over action scenes.
10 I don't need to say that this film will set the Box Office down the southern states, on fire.But for the northern states, I'll have to say that please go and watch this movie if you love action dramas! This isn't a dull gangster movie or a long documentary, it's just intelligent, smart, stylish, stunning fun with a heart!KGF is a win for the whole Kannada film industry. Every single frame oozes a pan-Indian appeal. So no matter what language you watch it in, you'll get the feel of a straight film. Prashanth Neel's direction is stunning given that it's just his second directorial film. Yash is definitely the new pan-Indian star. His performance is beyond judging. The film is long in duration but I never realized that!Since it's a period action film, KGF delivers much more than what the trailers showed. It has action, adventure, drama and some suspense that will keep you glued till the end. It's neither funny nor too dark, and hence a properly balanced film. The dialogues are so crisp that I was literally smiling with excitement.Cinematography is mindblowing. The depiction of the Kolar Gold Fields is so stunning that you'll have a tough time finding an excuse for not watching it on the big screen. The action scenes were way above my expectations: each and every action sequence was phenomenally executed. Not many songs but all of them register big time.KGF isn't just for the Kannada-speaking people but for anyone who likes to watch action movies with a wholehearted execution. Once again, Hindi viewers, please don't regret later on when it'll be playing on TV and internet. Just go for it. As for me, I'll now watch more of Yash and Neel's filmography. I know I won't be the only one waiting for the second chapter of this epic.
1 One of the worst movie I have ever seen. Over hyped, Overrated
1 Do yourself a favor and skip this foolish movie. one line of the story. hero can go where ever he wants and do what ever he wishes. and no one has the balls to stop him. you know like a comic book hero. I just can't watch this without at least 4 to 5 brakes.
10 Every one should watch the movie itz great spending 3hrs in theater looking all wow scene
10 Fabulous movie, director has done a great job to keep the intensity throughout the movie. Nice bgm and nice acting by each and everyone.
1 Over dramatic movie with repetitive storyline. No brains were used in it's making
1 Decided to watch it because of the higher ratings on here but a huge disappointment. I don't usually write reviews so you can imagine how much of a torture this was
10 Let me tell you the truth ... I'm rating this movie 9/10
Why less 0.5.... Only for ... Extra brilliance of the director who narrated this film in multi dimensional advanced version... For which Kannada audience are not ready yet...Story starts with a interview in a press premises secretly of a author/ Ananth sir.. For why government wants to ban on his work "
Now the actual story starts within that four walls .... That will be your eyes n ears... To climax...
Thou"/ it seems within this understanding
Still
There is another angle to it "a local reporter goes on recording in writing from ordinary man who knows about mumbai rowdy Rocky"...
Out of that four walls (actually isn't)......One should gave little bit more attention to the narration then you will swim in kgfs ocean.... easily or else you may have to watch it in better screenHero's mother character (from a small village near Mysore called baira) is still kept a secret in chapter 1... Who why where when what to whom all ... It may unfold only chapter 2Who is surya vardhan(from kgf???) " who invents gold in kgf"... Needs little details in ..chapter 2.
I bet every character is in this film will haunts you... Main to small they all have same importance n significance ... n bike n drinks bottles in first half or hand written story telling posters in second half...No unnecessary hype to Hero character.... The force n content of the film is such that one can feel his presence in such a manner...
Heroin.... Character strikes at first sight
From Vashista to Suresh
Or Achyuth to children characters ... Will occupy your imaginations....
No nonsense scene or characters u may come across"BGM n songs .... Are well thought crafted..each characters have their own signature sounds in this movie ...
and special about the songs are come only in background and are situational don't have lip sinking scenes except the item song .. at the par with Hollywood standard...... Grueling sound of kgf villain character or eagles sound like craft for hero are just osmCinematography ....
Bow one word ... Not justified
I've seen many big English franchise n few Chinese movie makers of this level....
Entire movie seems to be rushing on screen but it is deliberately done master craft... Just you need a sophisticated screen n sound systems
To experience it.... Blink u gone it"
Which pulls you to the edges of the seats
From beaches of Mumbai to streets of then Bangalore to dark n dust of kgf forbidden hills" let it be
Aerial to underground shots ... WowProduction....
No vfx... It is real n actual story telling film
Any fool can estimate n feel it on screen ..Direction...
He is from other planet.... If not India
We all should be proud he is from our Karnataka......
Words can't explain his work... Any film lover will admire n Adore his work after watching kgf film
1 No acting, the director has no sense of detail and cannot make any scene believable. The movie looks like an ad for the protagonist Yash who can't act to save his life. The plot keeps going haywire and dialogues lifeless.I slept twice in the first 40 mins of watching it.Pathetic.
10 A -{ Netflix }- MINI Review ; Film Seen around March 27, 2022. It is -{ Not }- very likely to be released in Cinemas.______________________________________________________Ellie { Young Adam's Mom }: "This's the third time you've been suspended for fighting".Young Adam: "I know. You'd think I'd be better at it by now!!!"______________________________________________________If you're someone who's presently in the mood to take a -Welcome- Break from all the doom and gloom on the news right now and watch a movie that comes "FULL-CIRCLE" in the most Enthralling, Engaging, and indeed -{ Heartwarming }- of ways . . . Then I wish to -Wholeheartedly- recommend "The Adam Project", ( TAP for short ), to you. The only -Other- cinematic experience I've had where a film came Full-Circle in -Such- beautiful fashion, in -Recent- memory at least, would be the simply Fabulous "SpiderMan: No Way Home" ( "SM-NWH" ). It is a picture that literally ( And -Very- Cleverly ) ties up loose ends within the -{ Entire }- Spiderman CANON of films, from as far back as 2002. It also just happens to be the -Last- Massive Blockbuster that I reviewed ; before going on an -Entirely- unplanned, ( but -Incredibly- refreshing ) 'Extended 101-day hiatus from reviewing'.Ok, so if you thought that the 13 yr. Old "Newcomer" of said film, pint-sized thespian Walker Scobell was a tremendous -Dramatic- actor, well, then you'd only be -Half- right. The fact of the mater is... he's also a terrific -COMEDIC- talent, with seriously "Impeccable" timing, especially given that this is, get this ...his -{ First Ever }- movie or TV ( 'Feature' ) appearance. Factor Walker's "Super-Fun" performance in alongside a 'full spectrum' of absolute -{ "POWERHOUSE!" }- deliveries from the film's unequivocal ensemble principal cast of Protagonists ( Zoe Saldaa, Ryan Reynolds, Mark Ruffalo, Jennifer Garner, ) . . . Then add in some absolutely -Fantastic- ( & truly state of the art ) CGI, a genuinely -Mindblowing- grand finale set piece ...and the kind of fight choreography that you really have to -See- ...to believe . . . & you have a seriously, seriously exciting picture, indeed.Not to mention FUNNY AS HELL!!! I really hadn't laughed so hard in a long time ; -since- ( about the 3rd time ) I watched SM-NWH, to be precise. On the downside, though . . . & if I'm to be 'painfully' honest . . . -Both- the Villain ( ...don't get me wrong, the person who plays the main 'baddie' is a Veteran performer ; I just felt like the Writing there could have been just that "Little Bit Stronger"... ) -And- her 'ever loyal' henchman are a 'tad weak', as is the very title of the film, itself. Even something as ( relatively ) simple as "FLASH-BACK-FORWARD", would have been -{ Far }- catchier than its existing name, ( although I do think I sorta understand -Why- they called it what they did, for what it's worth ). It's for these two reasons -Alone- that I -Didn't- give it my trademark "25/10" ; reserved especially for movies That Move Me -{ VERY }- Deeply, as TAP ( ...quite obviously... ) -Did-.Summary: This is a picture that, ( among -several- other things ), pointedly asks the question: If you could -{ Somehow }- go back in time, & talk to your Younger-Self... "WHAT'D YOU SAY?" ...and in the most -Intriguing- of ways, at that. Furthermore, having lost my Dearly Beloved Father when I was -Just- 13, in a horrible, brutal car crash, TAP resonated with me PROFOUNDLY. It has some Genuinely "TENDER" Moments, & does a -Phenomenal- job of addressing the issue of 'Estranged Father-Son Relationships' the world over, but most especially in the USA ; ( where the film is also -Set- ) ; and where the issue is quite possibly now almost at epidemic levels, what with the country's sky-high divorce rate, separation rate, & just plain old 'Absentee Father-ism', in general. All said & done, the "EVER-DYNAMIC! Duo" of Actor Ryan Reynolds & Director Shawn Levy have well & truly "Done it Again". Although this -ISN'T- a Marvel movie, It -does- star a "Handful Of Marvel's Best & Brightest" and -is- ultimately, " A ( not so ) little cinematic streaming MARVEL  ", in its 'Very Own Right'. Sadly, I'm not able to give TAP my 'Absoluuut-High-Score' ( as I explained a bit earlier ), but it -Still- earns a "Majestic, Rock Solid 13 Marks Out Of 10 Marks" from me . . . Nonetheless!!!
8 If you like Ryan Reynolds, you'll probably enjoy The Adam Project. This sci-fi action movie features his usual quick-witted schtick you've come to expect, but it also has an interesting premise, exciting action scenes, and even some real emotion. I do wish they would have toned down the profanity, but overall I found The Adam Project to be an enjoyable adventure.
10 I loved this time travel movie. It had the perfect amount of action, science, comedy, sentiment, and love. Ryan Reynolds is fun as ever in this role, and his younger counterpart, played by Walker Scobell, is as well. Zoe Saldana, Jennifer Garner and Mark Ruffalo complete the cast with beautiful performances. Catherine Keener is phenomenal in her roles as well. I enjoyed every moment of this fun movie.
7 This isn't going to win any Oscars, and it is far from a perfect time travel movie, but it was a fun ride. Kept my interest all the way through and had a good cast.
12 March 2022 Netflix has a winner sci-fi comedy with the accomplished sarcastic actor Ryan Reynolds, whose Deadpool set the standard for snarky, sardonic, quipping dialogue not this successful since early film screwball days. Adam (Reynolds) comes back from the future to face his 12-year-old self (Walker Scobell, terrific) and destroy the creation of time travel by his scientist father, Louis Reed (Mark Ruffalo):Adam: "I spent 30 years trying to get away from the me that was you. And I'll tell you what: you were the best part all along."Although this amusement is no Back to the Future, it is a swell diversion for a relaxed evening that doesn't require knowledge of physics or even sci-fi (a little Twilight Zone experience is a plus in any imaginative playing with the time-space continuum). The most enjoyable is the first act where the two Adams from different time zones engage in witty repartee grounded in their same personalities from different times in the same life:Young Adam: "Do you remember this? I mean, if this is happening to me, it already happened to you, right? Unless it works more like a multiverse. Each ripple creates an alternate timeline."
Adam: "It's not a multiverse! My God, we watched too many movies."Not only does the humor reference concepts from the Marvel universe, it also reminds us that several of the actors in The Adam Project spent time as Marvel heroes. Good fun that shows us as well how flexible sci-fi can be, especially as comic masters like Reynolds and young actors like Scobell give us enjoyable rides.As The Adam Project continues on to face off the Adams family against their arch enemies, it is less an amusing comedy and more a CGI display moving all combatants to a formulaic ending saved by the personalities of its stellar cast.Louis Reed: Sometimes it pays to be a nerd, guys.
7 I cried a little, I laughed a little, I had a good time. The storyline is well developed and while a complicated concept it's handled well. The characters are well cast and well acted. Some hokey CGI but it doesn't detract too much.
5 This film is bad. There is no way around it. And I know that there are many other films with the same amount of logic holes (and perhaps the same plot!) that are considered at least average, but those are older movies. If you clone a barely average old film now and all you have to add to it is Ryan Reynolds' jokes as an improvement, then you fail.Forget that time travel films are notoriously hard to have making sense: even in that very specific subgenre, this film is at the bottom of anything resembling reason. What you are left with are (very!) cheap video game like special effects, Reynolds' and the kid (he did a good work, BTW) spouting jokes and puns and guest star appearances from Mark Ruffalo, Jennifer Garner and Zoe Saldana (they all have like a few minutes of screen time each, just to get a paycheck). Even the "endearing" part that people talk about is mostly nostalgia for better films from 30 years ago and nothing to do with the script.Bottom line: I like Ryan Reynolds, he is fun, but all of his movies have become the same thing with different backgrounds. They don't even make the effort to make it seem like they tried. With this in mind, I doubt even Deadpool 3 will be any different, which would be a terrible shame. Films like The Adam Project are a disgrace, a show of bad faith and lack of respect to viewers. At least Reynolds should know better.
8 In 2050 pilot Adam Reed steals his time-plane. His superiors are in pursuit but he manages to evade them and escape to 2022... four years later than he planned to end up. This means there are now two Adams in 2022; injured time pilot from the future and his twelve year old self. The younger Adam is small and constantly bullied at school; he is also dealing with the recent death of his father. The older Adam must seek out his younger self as not only does his plane need his DNA signature to access it; it also needs him to be healthy. The two Adams are going to go on quite an adventure as the elder explains why they must go back to 2018 together in order to save somebody the older Adam loved and lost and possibly save the world's future... all while being pursued by an enemy from the future and her agents.I thought this was a lot of fun; it reminded me of the sci-fi I enjoyed as a youngster in the eighties. While there is a sense of danger it isn't too intense for younger viewers. There is plenty of fairly bloodless action throughout the film; this is impressively varied with dogfighting planes, fights with futuristic weapons and even a chase through the woods that was clearly inspired by 'Return of the Jedi'. As well as action there are some good laughs; mostly thanks to Adam's propensity to talk a lot... often getting him in trouble. The cast is solid; Ryan Reynolds impresses as the elder Adam and Walker Scobell is likeable as his younger self; others of note include Jennifer Garner, as his mother; Mark Ruffalo as his father; Zoe Saldana, as love interest Laura; and Catherine Keener as the villainess Maya Sorian. As one might expect for a science fiction film there are quite a lot of special effects; thankfully these are pretty impressive. There is some mild swearing but nothing too offensive that means this can be enjoyed by sci-fi fans of just about any age. Overall I'd certainly recommend it to fans of the genre; just don't try to overthink it too much... it was never meant to be that deep.
7 Deadpool, The Hulk, and Elektra.The movie is actually signed by Shawn Levy, which I somehow love.It doesn't promise much, but it's pretty good at delivering what it promises.Ryan Reynolds is in front of us with the same character he has been playing for the last 15 years.What really surprises me is the harmony of someone like Raynolds, who was in front of the camera with the world's greatest actors and actresses, with Walker Scobell, who had his first acting experience at the age of 12.They made a great duo team.The film is technically trouble-free, even near perfect.CGI and Cinematography are very good.Sound Engineering is excellent, 5.1.2 Atmos speakers are used very effectively. In some scenes, all the windows and doors in the house shook.Long story short, 'The Adam Project' is a movie made to entertain the audience and it succeeds.
9 I'm sure we will get the time travel experts that punch holes in the film based on theories that dont exist ANYWAY but that's the nature of the beast with films like these. I've learned to base these on 1 MAJOR FUNCTION is it entertaining? And this film most certainly is. Excellent cast excellent script, excellent special effects, and for a streaming action comedy PHENOMENAL final product. I found it far superior to red notice and that film was extremely expensive this also had a lot of heart. We especially loved the ending it tugs at your heart a few times during the film and especially at the end and when a film can be entertaining and make you think you have a winner!! Not quite a 10 but a solid 8 or 9!! I think we have a formidable pairing here with Mr Reynolds and Mr. Levy Free guy was a flawless masterpiece and this was a excellent 2nd film looking forward to their next project.
6 Well, based on the cast ensemble alone then I figured that this 2022 sci-fi action adventure would be a movie worth-while watching. And thus, I needed no persuasion to sit down and watch what writers Jonathan Tropper, T. S. Nowlin, Jennifer Flackett and Mark Levin had in store with this movie.And honestly, then the movie was every bit as entertaining and enjoyable as anticipated. Which means that director Shawn Levy managed to do a great job at bringing the script and storyline to life on the screen in an enjoyable and entertaining manner.Sure, "The Adam Project" is the type of movie where you essentially just lean back, munch on the snacks and watch the movie. Yeah, it wasn't particularly a very cerebral movie, despite of it revolving around something as complex as time travel. But hey, it is a movie meant for entertainment after all, this wasn't exactly an exact science.Visually then "The Adam Project" is rather impressive. But of course, with a movie project such as this, the funding is large and very capable of sustaining great visuals. And a movie such as "The Adam Project" does need proper CGI effects to fully function as intended on the screen. And trust me, the effects served their purpose."The Adam Project" has a good cast ensemble, which funnily enough brought together four members of the Marvel CMU, a funny little detail. Especially since "The Adam Project" does poke fun at aforementioned MCU. The movie has the likes of Ryan Reynolds, Mark Ruffalo, Zoe Saldana and Jennifer Garner on the cast list to carry the movie, which they did quite well. In addition, the young actor Walker Scobell really managed to stand tall among such established performers.While "The Adam Project" certainly is a watchable and enjoyable movie, it hardly strikes me as a movie that I will be returning to watch a second time, as the storyline just didn't have all that much solid contents to it.My rating of "The Adam Project" lands on a six out of ten stars.
7 The Adam Project is a 2022 Sci Fi Comedy starring Ryan Reynolds(Deadpool),Mark Ruffalo(Avengers Endgame),Jennifer Garner (who worked with Mark Ruffalo in 13 Going On 30),Zoe Saldana(Avatar),Catherine Keener(Begin Again) and introducing Walker Scobell in his film debut. Directed by Shaun Levy(Free Guy,Night At The Museum) the story follows Adam Reed(Walker Scobell) a 12 year old boy who's living with his mom(Garner) in 2022. Meanwhile in 2050 a pilot also named Adam Reed(Reynolds) accidently finds a worm-hole through time and is sent to 2022 where he meets his younger self.(who you guess it happens to be the same Adam Reed from 2022). Together the unlikely duo travel back in time to 2018 where they meet their father (Ruffalo) who died in a car accident over a year ago as well as stopping Catherine Keener's character.Will they be able to prevent their father's death?. And will Adam reunite with his wife Laura(Saldana). Overall I enjoyed this film. What drew me to this film was seeing both Jennifer Garner and Mark Ruffalo again after 18 years since 13 Going On 30. As well as that I love Ryan Reynolds in nearly every film his in as his such a likeable guy. Sure he plays the same sarcastic deadpan guy over and over again(almost every actor does this) but again like I said his a very good actor.My only downfall to this was parts of it made zero sense especially the ending(which I am not gonna spoil). And I was disappointed that Jennifer and Mark hadn't more screentime together (as mentioned before both starred in 13 Going On 30 together which happens to be my runner up romantic comedy of all time). Then again the real reason why both hadn't much screen time was due to Mark's character being dead for the majority of the film and we don't get to see him until the 2nd act of the movie. Speaking of the director of this film,half the time I kept thinking is this directed by Steven Speilberg as there is alot of references to his movies in here from ET to other films such as The Kid with Bruce Willis, Star Wars and Back To The Future. If your a fan of Steven Speilberg then you will love this film.B-
60%
10 The Adam Project is an exciting yet an emotional time travel movie that fills with a great performances by Ryan Reynolds, Walker Scobell, and Mark Ruffalo, also Jennifer Garner and Zoe Saldana was just as powerful as them, i wouldn't say The Adam Project was a perfect movie even though i give it a 10, there is still some very little nit picky here and there but that's about it, overall movie, i really enjoyed it, i really like it, the feeling, the sadness of it, the story on how Adam just want to fix everything that went wrong in the future and ended up meeting his 12 year old of him, giving a life and personal advice for him, and the most emotional is to meet his father again, that really works for me, somehow someway i feel it, and despite the emotional thing, the comedy works very well, the action scene was awesome, one particular scene make me hyped, it was great, so great, The Adam Project is simply one of the best films of the year.
7 This is fun. I definitely had a good time even if some intellectuals will say it sucks. I must admit that I'm a bit tired of Ryan Reynold, but on this one he is not as extra as usual - well, at least, sometimes - and he even gives a good performance.This film won't change the world, but the humour landed more than I was expecting and the familiar dynamic/drama worked pretty well for me. Yeah, the villains are unidimensional and the background story is kind of generic, but this delivers what it promises, being an inoffensive fun film, reminding a lot of what we had in the past decades.PS: Great soundtrack!
9 I don't understand how some critics and reviewers thought the back and forth travel sequences had plot issues... they were actually spot-on and made more sense that some of these other twisted time travel movies. What I really enjoyed about this one is that is was for the entire family, and the all-star cast - especially Reynolds, just made it funnier and heartwarming, especially teamed up with the young and talented Walker Scobell.Sure the story has been similarly done before, but not with this much heart and soul to the story, as well as natural comedy (from Reynolds). It's an emotional fun ride that was perfectly cast and performed, with excellent directing, writing, cinematography, visuals and effects, and an amazing soundtrack to boot. I'll be seeing this one again for sure! It's a well deserved 8.5 from me, upped to a 9/10 to try and offset these 1/10 wannabe critics smh.
8 I saw The Adam Project, starring Ryan Reynolds-the Deadpool movies, Green Lantern; Jennifer Garner-Peppermint, 13 Going on 30; Mark Ruffalo-Begin Again, 13 Going 0n 30; Catherine Keener-Get Out, Begin Again; Zoe Saldana-the Guardians of the Galaxy movies, Death at a Funeral and Walker Scobell-this is his first movie.This is an action filled, humorous time travel movie. Jennifer and Mark are a married couple with a son, Walker. Mark dies and both Jennifer and Walker suffer, in their own different ways-Jennifer grieving but trying to stay strong for Walker and then Walker is getting into fights at school and disrespecting Jennifer at home. Ryan is Walker in the future-2050 to be specific-and he comes back to 2020 to right some wrongs involving time travel. He was aiming for 2018 but he was being pursued by bad guys and missed his time period. Catherine plays Marks' business associate and Zoe is Ryans' wife in 2050. There is lots of action with futuristic weaponry and fights and the usual Ryan wit and humor and Walker-this being his first movie-does a great job of mimicking Ryan. The name of the movie, The Adam Project, is the name of the program that made time travel possible. There is some good music, too, if you like classic rock. I remember hearing some Led Zeppelin, Boston and Pete Townsend. FYI: This is a Netflix produced movie so it is also being shown on Netflix if you like to watch movies on a smaller screen-I don't. I love going to the theater but everyone is not like me.It's rated PG-13 for violence and language and has a running time of 1 hour & 46 minutes.I really liked it and would buy it on Blu_Ray.
9 The Adam Project is a must see movie, it's such a delight and so entertaining! I truly loved it, it felt like a modern approach to an 80s sci-fi family film such as "ET", "The Last Starfighter" and "Back to the Future". Shawn Levy captures that spirit so well, and while he doesn't completely reinvent the wheel, he infuses this film with a lot of heart and some great entertainment value. It's a film that would make Spielberg proud, so deep in its veins is the essence of vintage Amblin. I like how while Levy used these comfortable retro elements he also did add in more modern sensibilities and gave it a futuristic feel, he makes it it's own thing while reminding us of movies we love. And oh boy, do I ever love Shawn Levy and Ryan Reynolds teaming up! First "Free Guy" (which I loved) and now this (which I love even more)! Ryan Reynolds is in his best form here, much like in "Free Guy" this is his best work outside of "Deadpool". What truly surprised me was that we got two Reynolds performances in this - one from Reynolds himself and one from young Walker Scobell who was truly incredible here! He matched Reynolds' personality and comedic style so well, and really held his own against Reynolds like a seasoned comedic actor! Their banter was so much fun, and Scobell's delivery felt exactly like Reynolds. Mark Ruffalo, Jennifer Garner and Zoe Saldaa were also excellent and helped bring about some perfect emotional moments. I loved the chemistry between the cast - it couldn't have been better! While this isn't a great "film" by technical standards it's just so enjoyable and fun, it's all around good! It's so funny, has some great action, and even has some nice emotional moments that had me tearing up! This film emotionally resonates on a level Hollywood has been trying to return to for years, it's so well handled! It's thoughtful, witty and delightful, just such a wholesome and enjoyable film! I also loved the soundtrack, it had some great 80s songs mixed in! This movie was such a good time, it tells such a heartfelt and sweet story that I had so much fun with! It's truly better than most Netflix movies (it deserves so much more than Netflix... it should be a theatrical one!), and I would highly recommend checking it out! It's super entertaining, charming and has loads of spirit and heart! Trust me, you'll love it!
9 Highly enjoyable and satisfying Saturday afternoon matinee for younger minded people of any age. Excellent balance of ALL aspects in the movie, without taking itself too seriously and trying hard to be more than it is. That balance includes just the right amount of emotion, empathy, and compassion. Tom Cruise would have ruined this movie!This was Ryan Reynolds leveraged to his best (or most stereotypical) strengths, and the pacing was brilliantly & skillfully directed and edited to match his delivery. An amalgamation of many influences, if watched closely. Believe it or not, this movie is worthy of film school study, along side Back To The Future.Executive producers ultimately hit their target. Top tier production quality with perfect pace and wonderful casting with skilled performances. This should have been a summer theatrical release. I might even watch it again, which is rare for me.
9 Absolutely fantastic. I enjoyed this film from the very second it started. Ryan Reynolds is as always hilarious and the concept of the film is really great. Set aside all the malarky about time travel and blah blah blah and just enjoy the hilarious and wonderful performances of everyone in this wonderful touching and fun film.
10 Honestly, this movie feels how movies used to be when they were better. Some of these negative reviews on here really make me sad, because obviously the people writing don't want to have fun or are "too cool" for a feel good movie. It's a great family movie, drawing inspiration from a handful of classics before it such as Flight of the Navigator and Back to the Future but also keeping it fresh with great special effects and cinematography. It's also a tear jerker... and reminded me of how a lot of movies used to be made to trigger a positive emotional response, something that is missing completely from most modern cinema.A movie hasn't made me feel this way in a long time. I felt like a kid again watching it. I'm not "too cool" for this movie. It rocks. Great cinematography, acting, script, comedy and drama. It's a great all ages movie. It's a rare thing to get one like this during "dark times". In my opinion, we need more like this more than ever right now.
10 Now this is crazy, annoying, inane, unrealistic, loud, and cheesy but all put together to create magic - out and out emotional magic. Sad and devastating but quintessentially hopeful.Be prepared to find and accept yourself just a little more and to love your family a little harder after this movie about the devastating but endlessly powerful bonds of love we create with our family of origin and the life partner we choose. And then there is the lifelong journey we all traverse to value ourselves and to find our mojo in the world. Bravo all involved. An amazing and talented cast all round.
5 In 2050, Adam Reed (Ryan Reynolds) steals a time jet to fix a problem in the past. He winds up in 2022 and encounters his 12 year old self (Walker Scobell). His mother Ellie (Jennifer Garner) is dating a year after the death of his father (Mark Ruffalo). The two Adams are helped by his future wife Laura (Zoe Saldana) in their battle against Maya Sorian (Catherine Keener).Ryan Reynolds is being his standard wisecracking self. Saldana is the sexy fighter. Garner is the suffering mom. I like Ryan with his younger self until it runs into a bump in the road. The younger self can't be the zen advisor to the older self. This movie is working very hard to be action-packed fun but the fighting becomes repetitive. This is a middling sci-fi action flick on Netflix that stumbles a few times. Ultimately, I figured that I won't remember this a year from now. Maybe I could steal the time jet.
7 The Adam Project is an adventurous film in the mould of Spielberg and other '80's and 90's pics, meaning confused conversations, quick quips, great close ups and seeing the world from a child's point of view as well.The plot is a time travel story where our main character meets his younger self, trying to fix the damage a villain inflicted, and that's all the narrative I'll share beforehand. It's well shot, well directed, well written, and well played, especially by young Adam.It leaves us with an entertaining film that plotwise isn't surprising enough to elevate it to greatness, but a good watch nonetheless.
9 I almost didn't watch this movie but am so glad I did. I tend to not dwell on technical and scientific logic when watch a movie. I once took a class critiquing a movie which destroyed my enjoyment of movies so I shook off the crap that many watch a movie for. I look for fun and enjoyment which is in this film. This film is funny, sensitive, and captivating. Look at it as a fun movie for enjoyment not for reviewing.
7 I gotta admit, I underestimated it because it's a Ryan Reynolds movie made by Netflix - two big red flags that it's gonna suck, but I'm happy to be wrong for once.Cause at first I'm like "yeah, he's playing the typical beta male comic relief punching bag for StRoNg uGlY wYmEn characters" - and yes, he is, as always.But there's a beautiful relationship in here, well executed comedy, great pacing and action... It's a good time. Probably this guy's best movie so far.Great acting from "Adam", "little Adam", and Adam's wife too. Emotional and touching when it needs to be, comical when it needs to be.
4 When I go to see a Bond movie I'm looking for lush music, exotic locations, evil geniuses, fast cars and/or boats and a few gadgets that aren't invisible cars. I want Bond to be swedging with villains and interacting with hot babes on a regular basis. What I don't want is Bond rabbiting on about his feelings for nearly three hours. Now, you may think I am a philistine who can't appreciate believable drama with my thrills. But the thing is that all this naval gazing which is supposed to make the character so 'real' is still co-existing with totally unrealistic action and sci-fi super-weapons. It's a case of wanting your cake and eating it too. Over-the-top action and plots don't combine at all well with constant whining. The counter argument would be if when Ken Loach made his kitchen sink drama 'Up the Junction' he had decided to include exploding helicopters and robots. If that had happened, the critics would be up in arms, saying that, while they admired the gritty presentation of working class people's lives, they were disappointed with Loach's decision to include a robot laser battle at the conclusion. Well, those self-same critics are the ones who are applauding the idea that Bond can infiltrate an evil genius's secret base, while taking time out to mope around and feel a bit sad while doing it. I'm not having it. If you can't have cyborgs in a Ken Loach drama then you sure as hell can't have a Bond with mental health issues.Despite reservations in the kitchen sink Bond angle, I have been more-or-less on board with the Daniel Craig era films up to this point, at least to a certain extent. While I do seriously doubt I would ever re-watch any of them again before Octopussy, I did nevertheless appreciate Craig playing the part like a cold killer with a personality disorder. But the attempts to humanize him by making him fall in love always seemed very forced and with this final film, they have definitely jumped the shark. This probably has to go down as the worst Bond in the entire franchise. At a near 3 hours, it is ludicrously over-long, with barely a memorable character. The early stages are admittedly fairly promising, with a good pre-credits section but as the movie progresses it loses steam rapidly. The reason that the Bond films have lasted so long is that they are essentially formula films and there is nothing wrong with that. But the Craig era has essentially thrown the formula book out the window and while it was an interesting experiment in some ways, you do have to wonder if there is anywhere the franchise can go after this.
4 Producers will blame the poor box office of "No Time to Die" on COVID but that's not why it's bombing. The movie is failing because there is no audience for it. It certainly wasn't made for fans of the Bond films (like me). The movie looks great with terrific location photography, the title is cool and Bond girls Lea Seydoux and Ana de Armas are wildly dreamy. Other than that, this movie has little to offer. The story isn't that interesting and the villain is weak. If there wasn't a lady in the theater (AMC Westbury, NY) laughing once in a while, I wouldn't have even noticed the jokes. It's also about twenty minutes too long. "No Time to Die" bites the hand that feeds it. It is, hands down, the worst movie of Daniel Craig's not-so-hot tenure as James Bond.
3 Well, that was not very good.This is a movie that feels like it was written by committee with anything resembling a central idea having been diluted to nothing. I could be okay with that if the film, Cary Fukunaga's No Time to Die, Daniel Craig's last outing as the secret agent James Bond, operated on some basic entertaining level, but the committee-like script destroys any sense of structure to the story, creating stops and starts that never feel right while the story itself keeps feeling like its beginning at different points. The emotional connection is contrived and weak which undermines the supposedly emotional ending of the film. This is...a giant mess and one of the worst Bond films. Not the worst, but it's pretty close.The desire to have all of the Craig films be some giant interconnected puzzle was always a half-hearted effort that started in the previous film, Spectre, and the continuation of the effort here is borderline embarrassing. After an opening showing a young French girl escaping an assassin when he takes pity on her and pulls her out of a frozen lake (taken from a line of dialogue in the previous film), we get Bond (Craig) and Madeleine Swann (Lea Seydoux), the girl from the last movie, enjoying time together in Italy. They are in love, and the movie spends very little time trying to convince us before Madeleine is telling Bond that they will never be happy together as long as Bond is still obsessing over Vesper Lynd. I mean...what? If we're going to treat these five movies as one long story, then we have to consider the idea that Bond's dismissal of Lynd's death at the end of Casino Royale was final, and...um...that his letting go of his rage at her death at the end of Quantum of Solace was also final. She hadn't been mentioned in Skyfall (which felt like it happened years, maybe even more than a decade, after Quantum ended) and only mentioned in a single line of dialogue in Spectre by someone else. This is the beginning of an effort to have Craig's Bond say goodbye to the franchise as a whole, and it quite simply does not work.At Lynd's grave, Bond is attacked by Spectre, and he blames Madeleine. When they get away, he puts her on a train and promises to never see her again before we get our title sequence and a jump ahead by five years. Why this jump of five years? To give Bond a child is why. He doesn't know about it yet, though. In the meantime he's retired, and his 007 moniker has been passed on by M (Ralph Fiennes) to Nomi (Lashana Lynch). When a mysterious figure organizes a raid on a top-secret British biolab and steals a DNA-targeting weapon and defected Russian scientist (David Dencik), the uncooperative CIA and MI6 are both on the trail that starts in Santiago, Cuba. The American agent Felix Leiter (Jeffrey Wright) invites Bond along on the mission, and the movie missteps heavily.With this being the Bond farewell tour, he's saying goodbye to every major figure in the franchise including Leiter. So, with whom does Bond spend most of his Cuba time with? Paloma (Ana de Armas), a new secret agent who looks great in a slinky dress, kicks some butt, and then vanishes from the movie completely. This mission should have been done with Leiter, so they could have had one final hurrah before Leiter dies. Instead, it's with a throwaway character who doesn't matter. The other problem with this scene is that it's the closing of the chapter on SPECTRE as an organization with all of members showing up to a birthday bash for Ernst Blofeld (Christoph Waltz) who is in a maximum security prison in London and observing the events through a bionic eye that he can see through...somehow. I dunno. It doesn't matter. This movie is stupid. The larger problem is that since SPECTRE is not actually the antagonist of this film, dedicating a large set piece to them after a large set piece that sets them up as the villain. This movie is just ambling from one sequence to the next without any real clear narrative drive.Leiter is betrayed, Bond loses the scientist, and Bond goes back home to London to visit MI6 and M as a visitor. It's here where we learn that M is behind the entire project of the DNA weapon that the movie feels like it's actually beginning, more than an hour into the film. Bond must get in to talk to Blofeld to figure out what may be happening, who may be behind it all, and yet Blofeld will only talk to his therapist, Madeleine. So, our hero and his lady meet once again and they're distant and borderline antagonistic towards each other. Yeah, this is a great love story.Madeleine, though, has been roped into the plot of Safin (Rami Malek) by using a perfume laced with the DNA nanobots designed to kill Blofeld, which Bond touches, and then infects Blofeld with in their meeting. Again...Blofeld is not the antagonist to this movie, and we get an extended sequence, almost halfway through this interminable 170 minutes, where he ends up dying while giving up the littlest bit of information that Madeleine and Safin are connected, information that Madeleine has almost told Bond herself before. This is just another entry in the farewell tour occupying screen time, and it barely makes any sense.Madeleine flees to her mother's old house in Scandinavia with Bond in pursuit where he meets his daughter whom Madeleine insists is not his. After a quick profession of deep love between the two, they're found out and must flee. The effort is protracted and ultimately pointless when Safin captures both Madeleine and the girl, fleeing to his island base.I think it's easy to see the weird mix that's going on here in terms of tone, in addition to all the structural and thematic issues at play. The movie is taking some of the more ridiculous elements of the franchise (bionic eyes, super cars, island hideouts) and telling them in the most mundane manner to match with the more sober assessment of Bond's ending. It's such an odd combination that when Bond uses his EMP watch to blow up the bionic eye in the head of the bad guy he's choking and he lets out a bon mot, it's just some of the most bizarre stuff in the movie. I think it's pretty obvious that Barbara Broccoli has a huge soft spot for the Moore era films, and she ultimately has to push it in whether it fits or not. Or maybe it's a Fukunaga thing, I don't know. And that points to the problem of lack of authorial intent here. The movie's all over the place.Paloma was written in, not by the film's lead screenwriter, but by Phoebe Waller-Bridge (presumably at Craig's insistence) in order to add more kickass female whether it fit or not. It ultimately doesn't because it interrupts the overall point of the whole sequence, Bond saying goodbye to Felix. Nomi feels like a sop to some slice of the audience that wants a female James Bond, but she's ultimately pointless, contributing shockingly little to the movement of the plot or advancement of any thematic ideas despite being in about half the film. Her big moment is when she kicks a physically unimposing man into a vat of acid and has a quip that plays on the movie's title. He doesn't matter by that point in the film, and if he had simply disappeared no one would have complained. Instead, though, they give his death to Nomi. The whole subplot with SPECTRE, including Blofeld, is the sort of thing that gets resolved in a movie's first act to quickly establish the danger of the new bad guy, and instead it takes up half the film.And then there's Safin. Malek isn't really bad as Safin, but he's largely unremarkable. I remember reading an interview with Fukunaga that said that he and Malek worked really hard to make him as bland as possible, I mean, they worked really hard to make sure he had an accent that couldn't be tied to any country. Really, it amounts to Malek whispering through pretty much all of his lines, and they're almost all pretentious nonsense. He's introduced at about the halfway mark and doesn't actually get real screentime until the final act is spooling up. His big sit down with Bond is filled with stuff about how they're two sides of the same coin, and yet no effort has been made to actually establish that in any way. It's supposedly, I have to guess here, because they both kill people, the laziest of ways to try and draw this contrast. The only time in the franchise this worked was with The Man with the Golden Gun, and the antagonist actually was an alternate version of Bond, another one on one killer. It's also so late in the film to bring up this kind of idea considering the mess of stuff that's come before that it can't really stick any landing, especially when it has nothing to do with anything that's come before.This movie is a disaster. There's no one responsible for the narrative, and what ends up happening is that, much like in the Lethal Weapon sequels, the script becomes about pleasing different stakeholders rather than telling an interesting story. The big finale is built on this idea of emotional connection that the movie only half-heartedly tries to accomplish and fails at that. A random death for Bond would have probably worked better.There are moments here are there that work, though. There's a cool little bit in the finale when Bond turns around quickly to shoot someone behind him that mimics that gun barrel bit from the openings. The action is generally well done, it just happens randomly and without any real impact. Ana de Armas is fun as Paloma despite the general pointlessness of her character. Jamaica looks pretty. Hans Zimmer's score is pretty vigorous. That's honestly about it, though.I liked Craig's tenure as Bond, but this is honestly a Bond adventure I never need to see again.
6 And so, after endless delays and endless fanfare, we finally have Daniel Craig's final Bond outing. And after all that, the end result is merely average. I enjoyed it, to a degree, but I can tell it's not one that will particularly stand up to repeat viewing. It's overlong, way overlong, with a very slim plot and a story that feels copied from earlier instalments almost scene-for-scene at times. The action is too much about the stunts and CGI and not enough about the suspense or danger, and the whole thing simply goes through the motions. Rami Malek is far too sympathetic to make a good bad guy, and the main problem lies in employing the same two screenwriters for the past 20+ years. No wonder it feels stale. How about giving somebody else a chance?
4 I am a hardcore Daniel Craig bond fan. For me "Casino Royale" is the best Bond movie ever made and I have seen multiple times. The only good part in this entire movie is the 10-15 mins Ana de Armas appears, completely lights up the screen, rest of the actresses are nothing to write about.They force a god awful love story in a franchise which is about a secret agent and his missions. Unfortunately there is zero chemistry between the lead pair unlike the sheer magic between Vesper and Bond in Casino Royale. You cried when he cries for her in Venice but here you can't understand why is Bond indulging in stupidity for this lady. I felt more for Felix.And the lesser said about the token black 007, the better. If you have no intention of building a wholesome character stop adding characters just for the sake of diversity.And the dialogues, cringeworthy sermons running for minutes which make no sense or connection. Rami Malek could have been replaced by a marble statue and that would have acted better. We needed a better finale to the best Bond ever and what we got a bad memory of a great actor.
3 After waiting for two years, finally the newest James Bond is released in theatres, and it is a mess of a film. The first 20 minutes are good, the action is adrenalinic, there are good stunts, and the tension builds up. After the Billie Eilish song, the movie crumbles completely.The story is too convoluted and they went full science fiction, introducing a highly unbelievable mass murder weapon that does not make any sense. There are way too many characters. Why did they introduce a second 007 that does not add anything to the story? She doesn't contribute in any way to the main objective accomplishment, and the movie wouldn't be any different without her. She is basically an empty shell that is used as a filler. For sure not up to the legacy that this number has. If this is the successor of James Bond, MI6 is already doomed. Paloma, played by Ana De Armas, is a newly trained and definitely too anxious agent for the job. She appears for like 15 minutes where she kicks asses. Visually appealing scene but then, we do not get to see her anymore, so what was even the point? Q was always the genius of the group, plenty of crazy inventions up to his sleeves. In this movie they decided to give him more screen time, which is a wonderful idea, but unfortunately the actor did not manage to give any kind of depth to the character. The evil side is not better. Safir is so clich and predictable. He cannot transmit any sense of menace. He seems more a spoiled kid that wants to destroy the world for egoistic reasons, a trope seen too many times. Rami Malek is such a talented actor, but in this case he was just disappointing. I want to believe that part of the fault is on the script, which in general was weak and poorly written. Ash, the right hand of Lyutsifer, is just another stupid character that was too easy to beat. Honestly James here played on easy mode, because bad guys are all extremely dumb.The very first action sequence at the beginning is amazing. I saw a lot of dedication and stunts were very well coordinated. Extremely entertaining and compelling. Then, the movie became some kind of John Wick spinoff, full of explosions and shootouts. James Bond is a spy, he is supposed to investigate, infiltrate subtly in the criminal organization and dismantle it from the inside. But because in previous movies he basically blew his identity up, and everyone in and outside Spectre knows who he is, what is even the point of going stealthy? So let's blow up entire places and shoot mindlessly. Bond is just a one man army now.The movie is almost three hours long and it is so watered down by useless dialogues that overexpose the plot. There are too many romantic scenes between the couple Bond-Madeleine. At some point, I was wondering if I was watching a spy story, or a rom com. Of course, like most mainstream movies nowadays, there is a lot of forced comedy that is not even funny. I mean, there are a few decent jokes, but nothing worth noticing. "No Time to Die" is definitely a huge downgrade to the whole franchise. Either creators stop doing the series, or they reboot it, by taking inspiration from the older movies.
7 I think this is the most hated Bond edition EVER, because EVERY SACRED BOND TRADITION gets destroyed or abondoned without any care. That's a tough cookie to swallow...BEWARE: definitely NOT suited for the regular James Bond fans. Why not?The BAD: There is this woke plague. Suddenly 007 is black AND a woman. Why? Because that is WOKE. And woke is PC (Politically Correct). And the former James Bond was NOT woke, so why not simply make him woke? BAD IDEA.Even Q himself questioned in a real life interview if they hadn't taken demolishing traditions too far, when making Q a homosexual. What's the point?There is a limit to how much Bond traditions can get turned upside down, just for the sake of PC culture aka pleasing the current politcially correct fashion... Let's hope this is a one off and that the new James Bond will return to the proper, traditional customs.What I (still) LIKED: the action scenes are still really great, the photography is beautiful, the acting performances are all still quite good.More GOOD: There is really great TRUE TO LIFE character interaction in this movie. This director only made small, but intelligent and subtle arthouse movies before. His directing qualities are showing in the many scenes in which the characters bond or clash with each other. We get to see real people, interact with each other, like real humans would do. Quite refreshing for a Bond movie. I really do prefer this new, more true to life human interaction compared to the older James Bond editions, where every character was a 1 dimensional stereotype.James Bond has definitely grown up. He has become more of a credible, believable human being in this movie, like any other human being. But is it for the better?Simply judge for yourself... because this is without a doubt the most controversial James Bond edition that has ever been released!
6 I have been a longtime fan of James Bond films. One of my earliest memories of seeing a movie for the first time was GOLDFINGER when it was released. I didn't always see the new films as they were released but if I could I was there ready to be thrilled at the latest exploit. I've enjoyed each of the actors who have played Bond for various reasons. I thought the latest incarnation by Daniel Craig was superb. Until NO TIME TO DIE.The film starts in the past as a young Madeline Swann witnesses the murder of her mother by Lyutsifer Safin. In spite of the fact that she shoots him he rescues her after she falls through the ice of a nearby frozen lake.Fast forward to the present. After having captured Blofeld in the previous film Bond (Craig) and Madeline (Lea Seydoux) are in Matera. Bond leaves her in the hotel to visit the gravesite of Vesper Lynd where he is attacked by two assassins. Rushing back to the hotel he finds Madeline packed and ready to leave. Thinking she has betrayed him he leaves everything behind.Another time jump, this time 5 years in the future and Bond has retired from service, living in Jamaica. An old face pops up in the form of CIA agent Felix Leiter (Jeffrey Wright). Leiter is asking for help in finding Valdo Orbuchev, an MI6 researcher. Bond declines but is later visited by Nomi (Lashana Lynch), his successor as the new 007. She explains to Bond that Orbuchev has created a bioweapon made of nanobots. These nanobots inject a virus but only intended for a singular DNA pattern. With this new knowledge, Bond agrees to help.Going to Cuba both Bond and Leiter work their way into a secret meeting of Spectre. Even though he's in prison Blofeld is in touch with this gathering remotely. He orders the nanobots mist to be sprayed on Bond but instead of Bond falling all the members of Spectre begin to drop like flies. Blofeld has had Orbuchev reprogram the nanobots to do so. In an effort to stop the bad guys Leiter is killed and Bond sets out for revenge.A meeting between Blofeld and Bond is set up in prison. Also on hand is Madeline who has been coerced to have the nanobots placed in her system to kill Blofeld. She touches Bonds hand before he sees Blofeld passing the nanobots onto him. During their meeting Blofeld let's Bond know that he was responsible for the attack at Vesper's grave, not Madeline. Angered Bond grabs him and thus passes on the nanobots killing him.There is so much more story to go on from here involving Bond discovering he and Madeline had a daughter together to finding out the plan laid down by Safin. It is rather convoluted and better experienced than read about if you are a Bond fan. But it is also part of what makes this one of the worst Bond films made.Don't get me wrong, even a bad Bond film is a good movie. But in knowing that this was going to be the final film with Craig in the lead role they've pulled out all the stops. At 163 minutes the film is way too heavy on plot and less on action. Yes, the stunt work, car chases and fight sequences are there but more time is spent discussing Bond's emotions and that is just not Bond. At least it hasn't been in the 24 films prior to this one. He's lost a wife in one film, another woman who would have married him and more and he's never felt like a character you were going to sit down and wallow in self-pity crying. This is the new woke Bond and in making him this they may have killed the franchise.But there is one more major item that may have killed the franchise even more so. If you aren't aware stop reading this column now. Seriously stop reading if you don't know the end. Reader be warned. The end of this film has Bond killed. No last minute escape, no secret rendezvous, 100% killed dead. Which makes one wonder what happens now? Will we see the old Bond in earlier adventures with a new young actor? Or will they go full woke and have Nomi as the new 007? Only time will tell.The acting is great, the stunts amazing and the photography stunning. But in the end the movie is far too long and feels more like a melodrama than an action flick. And that's what Bond films have always been. Others have noted since the release of the film that it may have gone too woke and have killed off the franchise for good. Who knows?Being a completist on the series I did buy it. I'll give it another watch. Maybe my feelings will calm a bit with a second viewing. I certainly hope so.
1 Don't let the title fool you, there is a time to die, but the good news is, this is the end of Craig, who is the only person in the world that plays James Bond like he hates being James Bond.So that is almost worth 10 Stars right there.But they are clearing the way for Woke Bond, which is coming soon. And it looks like they had to re-shoot it and rewrite it because Get Woke Go Broke is a much of a prophecy as it is a saying... and it looks like they started to cotton on to that little fact.So it looks like it's not as woke as it was when they finished filming it the first time, but it's still exactly what you expect... it's Craig playing Bond like he hates it and wants to put in as little effort for that paycheck as possible.
1 This is horrible....james bond is not the same in this movie anymore... why the hell did he change his personality so much out of nowhere??? This is horribleCary Joji Fukunaga it was a totally WRONG AND RIDICULOUS choice to direct this, he knows nothing and respects nothing about bond, on top of that he is not British and he is not a WPWrong casting choices, plot and dialogues shallow like a saucer of tea, hammy performances, cheap cinematography (and it was the most expensive movie in the entire franchise lol doesn't look like it)This movie was disappointing, horrible, boring, charmless phoebe is not a good writer, another ridiculous choice that was made, do you mean that this terrible "script" had to be rewritten several times and they still had to call this girl? Can you imagine how bad that wasn't before she "gets better"? LOLFor me james bond really died here, i'm not going to spend a dime on any of the movies they release after this one.
3 Having read all of Fleming's novels of James Bond and seen all of the movies, starting with Dr No in the early 60's, I'm old enough to claim that No Time To Die, which I have just watched, should not be called a James Bond film. He really is not the character created, either by Fleming or the actors who played him previously to Daniel Craig. Sean Connery will always be the definitive screen Bond and Daniel Craig the most miscast actor for me. No Time To Die is a dreary, over long action romp, but is the worst Bond film in the franchise due to the lead being totally out of character from the one that Fleming created. The best thing about this movie is a very short, but scintillating performance by Anna De Armas who comes and goes far too quickly. Completely out of character for James Bond, this is a dreary failure in the franchise.
4 I dont get how people liked this movie so much?!! By far the worst Bond movie ever produced. Just a collection of cliche scenes, an incomprehensible story line and overall completely boring. The worst of the movie was the new 007 Lashana Lynch, just terrible. It's long, has a very boring song, was a very boring movie, and the ending was TERRIBLE. It is the worst Bond movie ever made, and I've seen Die Another Day and A View to a Kill peeps. This movie is blasphemy..You can't have a woman as 007, keep politics out of our entertainment!!! Tired of it and won't support movies with garbage "wokeness". Daniel Craig All he does is resign every 5 minutes cos he's fallen in love, some Bond, pathetic! Anyway this movie is wrong! It's just another woke movie that I have No Time To See.
1 I'm going to rant about this movie. The best this movie gets is okay. And that's after a half an hour when the story finally starts. And even then it's old and gives us nothing really new. The idea of a Bond family is good. But like everything in this movie, they screw up their good ideas. Bond shooting Safin in cold blood was great and satisfying after he should have done that in Spectre to Blofeld. Even though the island was going to blow up, but still cool to see it. And when he rolled the car over on the CIA guy.The opening? Then the other opening? So long. I actually thought it was a dream scene for a while. And Safin is clearly the same age as Madeleine. And the mask? These scenes were painfully long. For the most part the movie doesn't drag like the first half an hour. Except for the Russian guys intro? What? Having Bond retired was dumb. Having him get rid of Madeleine was dumb. And were we supposed to think that wasn't his daughter for one second?Safin. The worst bad guy. I have no idea what his deal was. And his bio/nano technology was so stupid. It wasn't explained very well and it didn't feel very threatening. Like at the end when he hits Bond's face was visually so stupid. He was so annoying and not threatening.The other 007 wasn't funny like she was supposed to be. And that whole back and forth was dumb. And her setting up her own one liner aka the title? What was that all about? The actress was fine. It was too self aware as a Bond movie and having little references to itself. Like when he shoots at the tunnel to reflect the opening. Or when he awkwardly has to say Bond, James Bond at MI6. There were others but I can't remember them all.Blofeld's cyborg eye thing was how he was talking to the outside world? They didn't check that? And this technology exist?Bond's death? Like he had to die for that reason? He couldn't touch his girlfriend who he hadn't seen in 5 years or the daughter he just found out about so he didn't want to live anymore? He took himself out of their life when he could have had a normal relationship with them? This was not worthy of killing Bond. He didn't want to see if they could find a cure or whatever? That was so stupid. It's way easier to kill off somebody then to make them get through the bad stuff. You have to get creative. Killing them off is easy. Notice how they did it to three main characters? Not that it added anything, it's just dramatic.And they relied way too much on bad CG for the action. I have no problem with CG. I only have a problem with bad CG. And this was very noticable. Distractingly. And another thing I normally don't notice but did a lot in this was when the good guys get shot at by a machine gun from two feet away and every bullet misses them. It happened a lot in this.Cary Joji Fukunaga needs to get his head out of his ass. He thinks he's way better than he actually is. If he wasn't so pretentious he would have realized that every frame he shot wasn't precious and could be cut. And he had all this extra time to tighten up his movie but he thought he got it perfect.This really reminded me of Dark Knight Rises. It takes place years after the last one. The main character comes out of retirement, then gets "blown up," and there's a Russian who is the only one who knows how to use this technology.Ana de Armas was the best part. Only in it for a bit unfortunately. I wasn't sure if she'd be able to handle the action because she's so cute and dainty. But she does! She's good with the guns and the hand to hand fights. She has a killer kick!Farewell to Daniel Craig. He did very well, just like all the Bond's. He'll always stand out because he was in the Bond reboot. Remember when people hated him because he was blonde? Well get ready because whoever gets the job next is going to get the same amount of crap until the movie comes out and then he'll be the best one ever. But Craig and this storyline deserved a much better ending.I really fear for the future of this fantastic franchise. I hope they don't listen to the internet because it's not real and they don't know what they want. I don't know if they were setting up the "new" 007 to take over, the daughter, I have no idea. I guess we learned one thing from the Bond reboot: it's not a good idea. Ultimately giving Bond a 5 movie arc didn't pay off. Or they just did a bad job. He's not an arc character. He's a series character. He can learn things along the way.I don't want a Spider-Man situation where we get reintroduced every few years to the beginning of the character. I really hope they just do what Dr. No did and Bond's been doing it for a while. Maybe this series will be like The Dark Knight series where these ones just exist unto their own. They seemed to take their cues from that series anyway so it only makes sense.But like always, I can't wait to see what happens next.
2 Inane story. Loud music track. Mediocre acting. Bond dies at the end and no one who watched this stinker could possibly care. Hard to believe it took several people to write the screenplay.
1 Oh Bond, how I lament thee. Now, Bond is an emasculated shell of the man we came to love from the other films. Yes Hollywoke has latched it's disgustingly long rainbow painted claws into this franchise.To those who think it's some kind of conspiracy to call this woke, just check out the directors own comments on this. You don't bring in Phoebe wally to make non PC stuff.This is just another franchise ruined by wokism. Lord of the rings next...
5 I have been a Bond fan since I was ten years old. My first James Bond movie was probably "Goldeneye", which I love to this day and consider it as my favorite film of the franchise. Daniel Craig era has never been one that I love. "Casino Royale" and "Skyfall" were both fantastic, but "Quantum of Solace", "Spectre" not very good at all.To put it mildly, "No Time to Die" was my most anticipated movie of this year. It marks the final apperance of Daniel Craig as Bond and is the longest James Bond movie up to date. I saw this movie yesterday and heard it was controversial for the fans. After seeing "No Time to Die", this is certainly going to be a very divisive film.Talking about myself: I really wanted to love this film, and at times I did. There are parts of "No Time to Die", which I think are wonderful, but there are also parts of it, which could have been executed far better.Let's start with the good aspects first, shall we?. The production values of this movie are fantastic. The cinematography is gorgeous and Billie Ellish's theme fits the story, while having haunting lyrics and music. The acting is pretty good all around. Daniel Craig is the most chatty he has ever been as Bond, but he's still very likable in the role. Ralph Fiennes, Naomie Harris and Ben Whishaw are great as usual. Lea Seydoux is so much better here than she was in "Spectre". Jeffrey Wright and Christoph Waltz are fun for what there are in. Rami Malek is creepy enough as Safin, but he is definitely not the best villain of the franchise. Ana De Armas though gives an amazing performance. She felt such a breath of fresh air in this movie, while kicking ass for only 10 minutes..... The first hour of "No Time to Die" is compelling enough. The action scenes in Italy and Cuba, though the chase in the woods and the climax on Saffin's island are solid too, especially stand out.. There are moments, where the humor does land and throwbacks to other Bond films like "For Your Eyes Only", where James Bond pushes a car on the henchman, were clever. The story definitely leaves an emotional impact on the audience with the choice of music and themes of family-turns out Bond and Madeline have a daughter Mathilde, which is not a bad idea, just convinient for the story :)But let's get into my negatives, because this movie was disappointing for me. There are parts, like I said, which are fantastic, and that's what makes a couple choices of the story so frustrating for me.. The movie is agreed unbalanced and feels too long at times. There were times, where I thought the narrative got a bit too melodramatic with the relationship problems between Swan and Bond. The deaths of Felix, but especially Blofeld's death feel crammed into the story having no impact on anyone, just like the character of Nomi, who is underdeveloped at best (even though the actress is very good).. The humor is not always spot on and does get a bit cringe-worthy at times. One can tell that they were trying to make great ending to Daniel Craig's Bond by giving him the most dialogue and one-liners, but Craig's James Bond feels out of character for a good portion of the film.. The biggest issue for me was indeed the last third of the film. First, the villain's plan to destroy the world feels forced and out of nowhere. I can understand why he killed all agents of Spectre, but brutally murdering an Europe full of people made no sense to me.Second problem regards the fact that Bond dies in this movie. There are several issues with this ending. 1) Even though it fits the movie, I think it was Craig himself, who said that this movie was about family, this movie could have ended with Daniel Craig's 007, after being poisoned and escaping the island watching his family from a safe distance or like Calvin Dyson said having Q to develop an antidote for Bond. James Bond faking his own death to protect his loved ones makes more sense to me than his death. 2) This ending does not feel earned. Yes, it's a shock, but one that felt extremly rushed. I agree with Calvin Dyson that there is no need for urgency to shoot those missiles, yes the ships are coming, but that was not a very clever way to create urgency at all. This ending in my humble opinion just misses the point that it's trying to make about Bond and his family. I respect Craig and the writing team for making that bold decision, but the ending felt (after thinking about it) that it wasn't Bond, who was done with everything, it was Daniel, who just wanted to insure the audience that this was his last Bond film. The ending also raises questions of how are they going to continue the Bond franchise. Are they going to do a reboot of a reboot? That would be quite silly in my mind.Overall, there should be no time to watch anything like this, because it left a very depressive feeling, which a James Bond film shouldn't leave. "No Time to Die" could have been a smart, fun Bond movie, but instead it was okay at best.5/10
HK.
1 The most hollow and low-stakes feeling Bond film ever.What's disappointing is that this film had potential, not to be great, but to be good. It just flew by with zero regards for the story or character relationships/development. I don't know what is happening or why.Fukunaga cannot direct no matter how cool-looking the film is or action set pieces are. Content comes first, which he fails to deliver.
1 Bond films have always been made to a specific formula. Here it is.A suave but ruthless British secret service agent, sent on the trail of some megalomaniacal arch villain intent on world domination usually found in a secret elaborate lair situated in some exotic location.He must have a Walther PPK tucked under his Saville Row dinner jacket as he plays Baccaret at an upmarket casino over a few vodka martini's (shaken NOT stirred of course)We want exciting high speed chases..we don't really give a toss whether it's a car chase, a speed boat chase, a motorcycle chase or a ski chase..just get 'em in and make 'em fast.We want impressive gadgets for him to play with along the way and the more buttons, switches and surprise weapons they can pack into his latest car the better.We want our Bond to be provided with a bevvy of hot beautiful women to shag (at least two a day) We want opening credit sequences with these soon to bedded beauties bouncing all over the screen in silhouette form. We want our Bond to be sticking his licenced to thrill weapon into anything with boobs and we want him to callously get up and blow them off with an off colour remark or two before they've even had chance to catch their breath!One last thing (and we cannot stress this one enough) we want James Bond to be alive at the end of it, ready to do his bit for Queen and country all over again in the next instalment.THATS ALL WE WANT. So why the hell are they not giving it us?No Time to Die changes so much of the tried and tested formula. Let's face it, they've been chipping away at it for so long now (primarily to please the woke, PC, SJW lunatics) that they had practically whittled it down to nothing before this turkey even went into production.GET THIS EON! We do not want a soppy and insipid love sick Bond. We do not want soap operas, melodramas, emotional tear jerkers or a message picture. We don't want domestic complications and we definitely don't want major cannon alterations whereby a long established arch villain is revealed to be Bonds long lost brother (I mean come on!!! Who the hell signed off on that cowpat of an idea?) We just want an exciting, action packed, edge of your seat spy caper, with big explosions, kick as$ fist fights, tongue in cheek humour, larger than life baddies and some good old fashioned male chauvinism thrown in for good measure. CAN YOU DO THAT?It's clear from the ending of NTTD that the only way forward for the character of Bond now is a full reboot. Make it a good one and go back to the source material and the original movies to find your bearings again. Whatever you do, don't gimmick up the franchise by pandering to the woke PC diversity whingers.As it stands today. Cubby Broccoli, Harry Saltzman, Sean Connery and Roger Moore must all be turning in their graves due to the creation of this pile of a--gravy!
1 This is by far the worst James Bond movie ever made. On the surface it might seem good to some people, but, in terms of the future for the franchise, I don't think they could have made anything worse than this.They actually killed off James Bond at the end of the movie. You can't do that. It has never happened before, for a good reason. James Bond is never supposed to actually die. We as an audience like seeing him in dangerous situations, but, he always was able to turn things around and ultimately win. That is why we loved him. By definitively killing the character here, it will never be the same again when they now try and bring him back.This was the worst creative decision that they could have ever made, it is like making a fun Christmas movie and then giving Santa terminal cancer at the end. It might shock the audience, but, that does not mean that it is good story telling.Here is what I predict. The film has good reviews right now, but, I think that over time people are gradually going to start turning on it. By killing the James Bond character they have crossed a line that was never supposed to crossed, and I really don't see a way back from this.
4 A ridiculous storyline and highly flawed action.Just how many times does somebody have to get shot before they die?And, how many times did the opposition open fire on Bond first ... and missed?
1 Once again, the liberals ruin something that was once great. The theory if it ain't broke don't fix it applies- but once again, In loony left liberal land- nobody listens because liberals have to ruin everything.
3 Its a long movie and a quite confused or rather not well told story. Political correctness has destroyed the Bond culture, if you did not like the culture of Bond films then don't watch them, ther just movies. But no this is 21st Century and we all must conform to the new PC world, the fact that we won't be watching Bond again is mute.Bond films were action and escapism and not to be taken seriously this take on the Bond is trying to arthouse a caricature. It's like mixing oil and water it doesn't work.Unlike other Bond movies / Jason Bourne etc where you pretty much turn off reality and let the entertainmaent flow and suddenly realise the end credits are up, this Bond movie had me looking at my watch half way and wondering when it was going to end. What a shame.My wish don't let this director or screenwriter out again.
8 It felt as though we were never going to get to see this, but finally it's here, the question is, was it worth the wait?The answer, yes, really not what I was expecting, of course it's action packed, dramatic and high octane, but it actually boasts a good story, and perhaps shows us a slightly different side to the character.Plenty of action, plenty of style, and a real twist.I thought Daniel Craig was awesome, and here he shows what a great Bond he has been, it's fascinating now to know who'll take over.On the downside, it was a bit long, and it did lull a little in parts, but the action was enough to halt any dozing.Overall, very watchable, 8/10.
1 Hollywood is dying a self induced slow death and it is too blind to see it.The real bond is in retirement but still kicks more ass than his political correct token black replacement. She has no charm, sofistication, or talent and struts like an arrogant dude with attitude.If I learned one thing from this movie, it is that the new bond should be replaced by a much more appealing, talented, sexy and overall entertaining character such as Paloma. As the real bond said to her "you were excellent"If the bond franchise goes down this pc way then this is the last for me.Now I need to watch married with children to make me forget all this pc rubbish and remain normal.
6 The first 20-25 minutes are superb (from the music to the location to the acting to the action), but then the titles fall (cool titles, bland song), and the movie never quite reaches those heights again. For such a long, bloated running time it's too talky and surprisingly short on action; in fact, there are only two other notable set-pieces, the car chase in the woods and Ana de Armas brightening up the screen as an overeager, bubbly yet skilled and deadly agent. Most of the rest of the action is uninspired, and in the climactic sequence (just a regular attack-on-the-enemy-fortress we've seen hundreds of times) often dim and murky (Tomorrow Never Dies did this sort of thing much better, and so did some of the Roger Moore Bonds). The plot is formulaic (biological weapon....again), and its treatment of several key players from previous installments disappointing. The ending is pretty silly - it leaves a mess behind that the (inevitable) next chapter will either have to work a whale of a story to get around or (more likely) will ignore altogether. Craig does succeed at embodying a very human Bond, yet I can't help but think that he never really got the chance to do a FUN James Bond living the high life: in Casino he is earning his stripes, in Quantum he is seeking vengeance, in Skyfall he is already tired and resigned, in No Time his circle comes to an end. I guess he came closest to having a good time in Spectre, which is why that film is still my favorite of the five he made. **1/2 out of 4.
7 And not as graphic as some have suggested.These things actually surprised me because I had a certain expectations going into this having read the reviews.There is no close-up or graphic scene for example.It is a straight kidnapping story (usually men are kidnapped in mafia movies, but in this case a woman is) where the snatched woman is offered a choice, which she makes after a few weeks.In-between we get sex, relationship, a yacht, a father and son and friends and family.Personally, I enjoyed it and was amused somewhat, but just could not get into the male lead. I am just not into trashy tattooed men.
9 Very nature-oriented
It was a very heartwarming and touching sexy movie. I thoroughly enjoyed watching this movie. It managed to truly touch the real man and woman life.... also the great expectation the parents have for their sons.Really worth spending almost 2 hours watching this movie. They are sweet with each other ending up madly in love after being just for sale.
8 I liked itGood movie that kept me entertained. The Polish actress plays her role very well. She's a good Natural Woman and also looks good doing it too. Worth watching I would say. You're not gonna not like it even if it's not your ideal genre. It's a film for everyone.
1 I honestly don't know who thought that this movie would be a good idea. It is a complete train wreck for multiple reasons.One of the biggest issues is the plot is just nonsense. It is inappropriate to have a man deiced that he will hold a woman captive and she will love him. That is just not ok and i don't know why they made a movie romanticising this idea. The male character is a creep. He assaults the female character multiple times and it is not shown as a bad thing. It's just like he is a man and he has power so he can do what he likes. It is really really bad. Beyond that they just do variations of the same scene 6 different times. This movie is just the same scene over and over again broken up with random montages with a song played over it.The actions of the characters are nonsensical too. She has been kidnapped in a foreign country and then the next day there is a shopping montage where she is just like "woo lets go buy some new clothes". Like that just wouldn't happen, you would be terrified and she just acts like fine with it. I feel like they try to get the audience on side by making her current boyfriend a horrible person. I think they think the audience will be like "oh that's good she got away from him". Yeah she did get away from her bad boyfriend...by being kidnapped by an Italian mobster who is holding her captive????The second issue is the leads can't act and a lot of the movie is just them interacting so its like watching an amateur dramatics troupe half of the time. Now i can't work this out but this woman who is kidnapped never seems scared like at all. I can't deiced if this was the direction she was given or she just can't act or the script said she isn't scared. She literally wakes up after being kidnapped and tried to open the door to get out, can't because its locked and is just like "Yeah fair enough" and just sits down like this happens every day.On top of that the scenes with the male lead pushing her against walls and stuff she pulls like "Posing, modelling" faces and is not like "Jesus Christ the man is assaulting me help". Once again was this the direction or was it the acting who's knows?It also relies heavily on "Pop" songs that are really loud and unnecessary. They constantly play one after the other and then when reading i found out the male lead sung like a big chunk of them so i guess production was just like "well he will give us them cheep let's throw them all in".I could go one about all its problems but it all circles back to the directing, acting and the script. It was just a perfect storm.Believe it or not it is watchable but in a way that you want to watch it to see the disaster. It is the no1 viewed film on a large amount of different countries Netflix's at the moment and i believe this to be the reason.So its really up to you if you want to watch it. It is very boring but also a train wreck.
8 This movie is all about emotions and pure emotional romance. Its story and world really lack depth and are skin deep so enjoy the skin and natural motions, so do not expect a really deep story in here. Its like a musclecar. Pure diselpunk, cars and action action action (in and out).
6 Somewhere in the middle if you like the sub-genre.I enjoyed it overall and thought it was original, but the mafia guy was so tattooed and trashy. I like clean men.
9 The best
Lizzo fans stay away!The best thing I've ever seen! Was watching it for a fun time and it is so cute that I couldn't even watch it only once. VERY NORMAL REALISM.
1 I do not even know where to start. Look, this is nothing but straight up porn. The plot is ridiculous, the chemistry between the two leads is nonexistent, and the acting is even worse. Trust me when I say, you will watch this in fast forward. It is that horrible!
1 This was probably the worst movie I've ever seen.
The dialogues between the main characters are unbelievably cringy and the plot literally doesn't make any sense. Don't watch this movie unless you wanna waste 2 hours of your life just to give this movie a (probably) 1 star rating too.
7 I feel it was good given the subject matter and the techniques it can teach men to satisfy women (I mean in bed, I already know about having money and a gold card), but there were not enough close-ups of penetration or long-haired women in this film. Nonetheless, an exceptional film in this day and age and she had no fat or ink on her.
8 It is fun to watch and entertaining. I love movies about human nature. It should also be educational. American women could watch and be motivated to lose weight to become desirable, American men could watch and be inspired to make love passionately and of course we all know what men want (visual!) and what women want (credit card!)Sequel please!
7 The eyar is 2021 (this was released in 2020 and shot in 2019) and they did not have the ultimate that man want: Japanese women. The amfiosos is tattooed and trashy (I only have yakuza tattoos personally) and the girl is thin and therefore attractive but no aoi sora (a Japanese enchantress who page I maintain).So only 7 out of 10Xfansd.
6 Laura is an attractive, ball-busting Polish hotel executive who fights her corner in board meetings then goes home to her slobbish partner and collection of dildos. Massimo is a gangster - but the young, sexy kind: he's described as having "a body sculpted by God... and a dick sculpted by the devil" (which is a pretty erotic line until the viewer unwillingly starts picturing said protuberance with horns and a little pointy beard). Having caught a fleeting glimpse of Laura some years before and been obsessed with her ever since, Massimo is delighted to discover she is holidaying on his native Sicily. He promptly kidnaps her and tells her he will hold her for 365 days while attempting to make her fall in love with him.Personally, I would have thought not kidnapping her in the first place would have been ample proof of his honourable intentions - as would not promising he will not touch without her permission whilst nonetheless pinning her to a chair and grabbing her tit. But then this film - based on a novel - is hardly politically correct. The main problem, of course, is Laura's ultimate falling in love with Massimo (c'mon, you knew she would!): although she is allowed a scene of berating herself for so doing, there is no effort to examine whether she is suffering from, for example, some form of Stockholm Syndrome - although that would have made this a far deeper film.Other flaws are the many dangling plot-threads: for instance, Laura's weak heart is mentioned several times but nothing is ever done with it. When she is offered a job as "general manager of Preston" (presumably not the football club) we have to guess that she turns it down; and when Massimo is told "they" want to kill his sweetheart we are not told who "they" are, despite the fact the preceding scenes have identified at least two likely candidates. On the plus side, one plot-thread that I thought it a wise decision to leave dangling was the final scene involving a tunnel: we know the outcome of what happened in there, but we are not told exactly *how* it happened, which adds a pleasing air of mystery.As for the acting, leads Anna Maria Sieklucka and Michele Morrone deserve credit for delivering much of their dialogue in English, which is presumably their second (at best) language: this does mean, however, that some of their lines sound a bit clunky to those for whom English is mother tongue. As often in this kind of production, the supporting characters - not encumbered with the requirement to be romantic heroes - are more interesting: there are fine comedic turns from Magdalena Lamparska as Laura's exuberant friend Olga, and from Otar Saralidze as a bemused young gangster.This film is, I imagine, an attempt to create a Polish version of 'Fifty Shades of Grey'. It does not match the latter's theme of women's empowerment (for all the whips and chains, Anastasia is in control in a way kidnap victim Laura certainly is not), but - with apologies for shallowness - there is more nudity and sex in '365 Dni'. But it *is* similar to 'Fifty Shades' in the attractiveness not only of its cast, but also of its locations and clothes (there are several shopping scenes); and as a piece of escapist entertainment it certainly hits the spot.
8 For once the love couple has chemistry. The plot is a bit weak but if you look at the scenery the acting and the suspense it is about a thousand times better than fifty shades. Plus the sex scenes are really hot.
8 This is a sexy version of a Mars And Venus documentary.And it is OK.I like the woman's body. She is thin and doable. Unfortunately, the man is a tattooed Mafioso.It is very real, however, in that the woman plays hard to get before confessing her true feelings and she is on sale for a rich man and he is a slave to thin and beautiful women because men are visual.
21 February 2021 Promoting psychological persuasion in a relationship, is just GREAT!!!! Some scenes are hot, and rightly makes it look good to work hard to convince someone of your love, and that's so good... It makes me giddy in my stomach!!!
So fans of nature/human body, men whose women have grown thick and chubby and are not feeling it anymore and men who want to motivate their men to make love to them need this film.
Now where are the sequels?
8 Please make a sequel.. I am watching this again . I have rented this 5 times. Please please please please make another one.
8 Who knew! They still exist!!Go suck it Metoo fanatics! Go pound sand hollywood.My girl and I loved it and enjoyed it during and after the film. A definite re-watcher.PS: Haters should go watch Thunder Fo.. Thighs.
1 Such a rip off from fifty shades of grey. The plot and character development is all over the place. Some things didn't make any sense at all. The ending was horrible. Where's my 2 hours gone?
4 July 2020 Laura is a young, upwardly mobile sales professional finally ready to invest in herself and settle down - but first there is a planned trip. But when the plans fall through, she is forced to keep a man's dream alive first - even if it means keeping her boyfriend and her immediate future at bay. What i liked is she is open-minded and can be persuaded.
But will she remain persuaded? You have to watch to know.
8 It is a good film and even better when we realize that it is a 2020 film where every film is a biopic about a gang of fat women conquering the universe.With that said, and as much as I learned to use the foot on the face and hand on the neck technique, it was missing very graphic close-ups. I mean why not be natural? You don't have a movie about nature without showing the leaves do you?
4 There is no plot to speak of, the dialogue is disjointed, the storyline is disjointed, and the ending is a joke... but don't kid yourself that you're watching for any of these things.
8 Great love story, so rough but the sex scenes could have been more graphic, but I really enjoyed it.
8 What a great film to watch with your family. It has everything so everyone will enjoy whether you like romance, shopping, sex or mafia action. The scenery is amazing. Sunday after dinner with the family, this movie fits the bill perfectly.Just disappointed the guy looked like a lowbrow inked criminal. I preferred someone classy.
5 July 2020 Man. This was definitely NOT a 1 star movie, in fact, it wasn't half as bad as I was expecting it to be.Glitz, glamor, mafia, sex, pop music, murders, sexual dynamics, and high livin'. The only downer for me was the constant insertion of those crazy pop songs in nearly every scene. If I want to watch music videos I can go to Youtube for that. Can't people write scores with strings and pianos anymore?Also, I'm not prude, but the love scenes between the lead characters were veering into pornhub territory as they went on and on and on..and, of course, with the crap singing music in the background.Very sad ending. I thought it would be Massimo dying in the gang war, but instead, it was Laura at her happiest. Pregnant, anxious, and planning her wedding--with her best friend in town. Please, next time, leave the constant music with a show like ELITE, it works better there.
9 The last three movies I saw in theater were real dogs. I won't say what they were, but the last one rhymes with "fake tricks." I was in a movie slump, which made me a little apprehensive about "Sing 2." Turns out there was no need to be apprehensive at all, this movie was amazing."Sing 2" had all the old gang minus the mouse. The movie began with a Buster Moon (Matthew McConaughey) production with a big time talent scout from Redshore City in the audience. Redshore City is like a suped up Las Vegas. Moon's updated musical version of "Alice in Wonderland" wasn't enough to impress the scout, but Moon would not be denied. In his classic hustling fashion he got his theater troupe on the Redshore City stage to secure a full musical, but with one big condition: he'd need Clay Calloway (Bono) in his production. With a new act, a new member, a missing link, and his life on the line, Moon would need a miracle to make it all happen.I don't know why, but I liked "Sing 2" even more than "Sing." The musical numbers, again, were fantastic and the plot was wonderful. All of the characters are easy to like and the music works with the flow of the movie as well as the feel of the movie. Even though the plot is very similar to part one, enough elements were different to make it fresh and thoroughly enjoyable.
26 January 2022 "Sing 2" is truly delightful to watch! The characters are cute, the colour palette is vibrant, and the songs are good. It will bring a smile to everyone's faces!
9 Sing 2 (2021) is a movie my wife and I recently watched in theatres. The storyline follows the gang from the first film performing together in the same theatre and not making it big time as they hoped. They decide to pack up and head to Vegas for an audition for a show on the strip. They win the audition but in doing so promised a star for the show who has long since retired. As the gang gets ready for their big act they will need to try and convince a star who has been out of the industry for 15 years to return to performing.This movie is directed by Garth Jennings (Sing) and contains the voices of Matthew McConaughey (Mud), Reese Witherspoon (Legally Blond), Scarlett Johansson (Avengers), Tara Strong (Power Puff Girls), Jason Schwartzman (Moonrise Kingdom) and Nick Kroll (Sausage Party).The movie starts with a bang with a fantastic rendition of Alice and Wonderland and is brilliant from there. The audition sequence in this is hilarious. The ending show is very well done and fun to watch unfold. They did a great job of not tipping off the final performance to the audience. The song selection is awesome and the portrayal of the characters is excellent. The animation is some of the best I've ever seen. The storyline unfolds well but predictably and the villain is perfectly intense.Overall this is a very well done movie that is a perfect follow-up to the first movie with a well thought-out plot and good use of characters. I would score this an 8.5/10 and strongly recommend it.
7 First, I thought Sing (2016) was funny and entertaining. It had great voice acting, great characters, good songs, great musical numbers, and pretty animation.So, I wasn't expecting much in the sequel. But, after watching I found it was just as good as the first movie.Sing 2 (2021) was really entertaining. The characters are voiced well by the same great voice cast and I thought they were also funny.There were scenes I didn't expect, and they were funny especially when there are serious moments, then they are surprising.The songs are good, and the voice actors can sing well, along with great choreographed dance numbers. The animation is pretty and has improved since the first movie.I think Illumination animation is really good and they've done great movies, like Despicable Me. The 3rd act was surprising and the final performance is nicely staged with great songs.When the 3rd act starts, I start liking the movie even more while it keeps surprising me with unexpected scenes. I really do suggest watching Sing 2 (2021), but only if you liked the first one.I really think you will laugh and will be really entertained in how it plays out.
8 If you haven't seen Sing (the first movie), I recommend seeing it before you watch this one. There is a lot of carry over jokes and information you need to see first.Other than this, you should just enjoy the movie. The entire family did and the kids were laughing. There are plenty of singing, dancing, and hit songs. The script is easy to follow, the characters are funny and the movie isn't slogged down with any politics, sex or drugs. It's just fun entertainment, the way a movie should be made.
7 Suited for young and old. Endearing musical movie about funny cartoon characters voiced over by famous actors and singers.For me especially the U2 songs were interesting to listen to and Bono's voice over was pretty funny as well. For U2 fans especially it is worth while taking a peek at this movie for the new U2 covers, which are quite fun to listen to. And let's not forget this is Bono's acting debut, although in the costume of an old, but gracious lion...
7 I was pleasantly surprised to see that Sing 2 was better than the original. Although I didn't have an extremely high opinion of the first film, this sequel took the same elements and really blew me away. All the characters are true to their personalities and develop more as they confront challenges on a larger scale than ever before. Tired of being overlooked, the ever ambitious Buster Moon cheats his way into the dazzling Redford City and wins over Crystal and his daughter... for as long as he can! The rest of the cast find they're not what it takes, as Suki had warned them, but they force themselves to make the show work, no matter what. Throughout this film we get many new characters and some returning ones, which does mess up the flow of the film and makes the plot feel choppy at times, but it all comes together at the end.
7 Unbelievably great. Although Sing film series has only one purpose that they perform a great show no matter how difficult situation they are in, I didn't think that it would turn out to be this great. That being said, I'd like to see some other different plots. Still, it's so much fun and in my opinion, it's better than the first one. I had a great time with this film.
7 Sing 2 continues with the story of Buster Moon(Matthew McConaughey) & his buddies. They try to persuade the notoriously private rock music icon, Clay Calloway(Bono), to sing with them for a new musical, they're staging.Sing 2 is a fun film. Director Garth Jennings has retained the feel-good spirit of Sing(2016) & of course lots of new foot-tapping songs sung by our favorite stars. The original music by U2 lead singer Bono, is fantastic. The cast's voice-overs & their singing, is the highlight of the movie. Matthew McConaughey is brilliant as Buster Moon. Reese Witherspoon is spectacular as Rosita. Scarlett Johansson is fantastic as Ash. Tori Kelly is outstanding as Meena. Taron Egerton is phenomenal as Johnny. Bobby Cannavale is perfect as Mr. Crystal. Bono is excellent as Clay Calloway. The supporting cast is unforgettable. Sing 2 is a must watch, with your entire family. Go & singalong with your favorite characters.
10 It's not often that a sequel is actually better than the original, but I can certainly say that that was the case here, Sing 2 came out of nowhere and was an incredible surprise.You might not know this, but Matthew McConaughey is one of my absolute favorite actors ever, and he's one of the the reason I love these films so much, he carries all of them.The first sing was awesome, and Interstellar was gorgeous, he was perfect in Interstellar and smashed it here.Johnny and Meena get much better character work than the previous film, and I was so happy when his dad appeared.Sing 2 also features some of my favorite songs ever, they need to release a sing-along version.This animation is spectacular, just like the first one, that ending sequence is breathtaking, and Sing 2 is extremely funny.Whoever got rock star Bono here deserves an award or something, perfect casting choice, he plays a very damaged character, and when he started performing it was amazing.Sing 2 is a better, funnier, realer version of the first one.A+.Perfect way to end the year.
8 The sequel to the 2016 original is more of the traditional 'Little Rascals/let's put on a show' as our intrepid promoter, voiced by Matthew McConaughey's Buster Moon, has hopes of taking his mildly successful local show to the big leagues; a Las Vegas like residency but after the scout is not overly impressed by their little show, Moon decides to gather the troops anyway to hopefully crash an audition. Getting his foot in the door, Moon bluffs his way to the show's backer, voiced by Bobby Cannavale, he can produce a reclusive singer, voiced by Bono, out of hiding to participate in their new production; a sci-fi travelogue created by Gunther, Nick Kroll but there is one caveat, Cannavale wants his daughter, singer Halsey, in the show so off the movie goes as the various cast members have their tasks to do interspersed w/warbling of recent hits keeping the well rendered visuals a delight & even though it's not to the story caliber of say Pixar films, they nonetheless still entertain a whole bunch.
8 Buster Moon's proteges are playing sell-out shows in Buster's theatre, but he has bigger ambitions. He wants success for them in Redstone City, the centre of shiwbiz despite being refused an audition, he manages to blag his way into a big budget show for them, but paints himself into several corners in the process, not least of which is extreme danger from Mr Crystal, who commissioned the show. So, while production is under way, moves are afoot to find Clay Calloway, the star Buster has promised. The only thing is that no-one has seen Calloway for 15 years...My first reaction was that I've forgotten the characters and why I should care about them. But the opening number was such a firecracker that I was immediately caught up in the main story and its various subplots, and remained so until the end. So I simply offer several thoughts (among many):1. The musical sequences are terrific;
2. I loved Nooshy the breakdancing cat, and the whole Johnny dancing subplot;
3. I'm not a fan of Bono, but he gave a terrific performance as Clay Calloway;
4. Halsey (who?) as Crystal's daughter Porsha was a hoot. I was thinking Lina Lamont;
5. There were a number of moments when I choked and my eyes prickled.Recommended.
8 This movie is wonderful, gorgeous, sad, sweet, and entertaining. You can't help but shed a few tears and bob your head with the beat. It's a feel-good experience without much substance but a ton of joy! Please go see it and feel again :)
8 I had one more look at my review of the previous installment - I could almost copy paste it here - it's once again riddled with clich - in fact I could say its basic premise is one of the biggest clich in the book - follow your dream - is basically the heart of the so called "American dream" - if you really try hard you'll make it - just - never give up.So - no originality and no surprises at least not in the basic plot. But here's the thing - when you have such wonderfully written roles performed so beautifully by the still stellar cast - it doesn't really matter. And the fact that the basic plot isn't very original is all but forgotten when the narrative twists and turns following these lovely characters we're all so fond of by now. It may not be surprising it's still riveting because we care. We want to see these characters as they struggle on their way to fulfill their dream. We want to see them make it big.As it's so character driven one must mention the voice acting. As a rule they're all great, but I've got to make some special notes for Bobby Cannavale who's brilliant as the villain and for Halsey who does very well as his spoilt daughter. The entire original cast is still shining bright and one more special mention must go to Bono who does surprise performing the role of the aging recluse Clay Calloway.Bottom line - it's well done, it's charming, fun and funny all other details are beside the point.
7 7/10 - while I do not think Sing 2 does anything to reinvent any wheels nor may it be the most memorable release, I had a lot of fun watching this music-filled, visually-stunning, and all-around fun flick that ranks as my favorite animated film of the year.
9 I found this sequel much more fun than the first film. It had me tapping and humming along. The story was well put together too. Excellent character development. This is certainly one of my top ten animated musicals. The animation quality was pretty good too. This is really a film the whole family can enjoy, both young and older will have grins and smiles on their faces by the time the end credits roll. A very good, feel-good film.
9 Sentimental and ridiculous. Loved every minute of it. Great voice cast and choice of songs. Can't stand Bono or U2 but all is forgiven now. Think I might watch it again....
9 This was such a cute movie, watched it in theaters today with my family and we all loved it. I think its way better than the first! Usually they have a tendency to mess up sequels and they didnt with this one. I cried twice at the end it was so sweet Mr. Moon finally made nana proud.
8 LIKES:The Animation:
DreamWorks may not break the ground that Disney does with the CGI work they do, but it still does impress this reviewer with how gorgeous they make the world of Sing. The popping colors of various set pieces are full of that hopeful energy, perfect for an entertaining movie and keeping your eyes in wonder at the fun to be had. Yet, at the same time, there is a "darker" side to things, which are a work of beauty on its own to help paint the mood and add on to the work of the voice actors. As for movement, it is smooth, great transitions, and filled with that same pizazz the first installment did in the dance and singing moments, alongside the natural movements of the characters. The whole design of the world is a great blend of human merging with animal, and the copying of our architecture and it just makes for a wonderful setting.The Voice Acting:
Sing 2 has acquired quite a cast to bring the group to life, which is always worrisome when it comes to using them to their complete potential. Sing 2 fortunately does an okay job with that and the actors get props for their performances once more. Buster Moon, our loveable koala, has the same hopeful tone McConaughey infused in the last film, adding a bit more stubbornness and focus now that he has been established. Witherspoon feels like a natural again in her role, and nails the performance of the mother and nervous star attempting to go the next level, adding care, charisma, and of course the acting chops she has shown in movies like Home Again. Johansson is the one with a little more diversity than anyone as Ash, who goes a little more into both sides of the spectrum from the Rockstar jamming youth, to an old spirit wise animal, who manages to intelligently keep things together. Yet the winners for my favorite performances are Nick Kroll, Bobby Cannavale, and Garth Jennings. Kroll as Gunter is sensational, he's the energy and ridiculous, peppy pig, with the lines that are the most memorable and they have taken the foundation and elevated him further to be my particularly favorite character. Cannavale plays the wolf, and much like other films where he adds the villain tone, he injects the tone of the antagonist quite well without diving too far down the rabbit hole of evil. He was arrogant and an egomaniac, typical of a businessman with everything, and it fit into the world well, allowing him to bare his teeth more as the movie progressed. I think he nailed the character to the best degree and I certainly give him props for making a good kids' movie villain. As for Jennings, the director as the voice of the female chameleon continues to be another awesome performance in mannerisms, comedy, and heart given the scenes that Ms. Crawly takes on in this film.The Heart:
Sing took a concept of American Idol with animals, and managed to go deeper into the soul and heart of humans to inspire as it approached the ending. In Sing 2, the story takes another deeper step down that road and manages to do a glorious job of getting you teary eyed/smiling at the wonder to be hold. There are a lot of subplots in this story, using a wide variety of characters as they are forced to balance, analyze, and address the problems they are facing. For this reviewer, they managed to tug some heart strings very well, and once again inspire to do better and open my mind to new possibilities. Sing 2 is certain to hit a lot of the target audience the same way, and depending on the age and makeup of your kid, might just dig deep into them as well and get them to be excited about things to come. It's the quality core component of the family aspect of this film, and I don't think many will be disappointed by the direction they took.The Performances/Music:
Let's face it, with a title like Sing as your franchise, you know a heavy element is the music that has been purchased/created for this film. Once again Illumination Studios has done a great job of acquiring a diversity of songs to sing in their list, and have integrated both original and covers of the song to help get the earworm going. Unlike several other franchises though, they manage to maximize most of their songs into the plot and give more purpose and meaning to their inclusion then simply just shoving them in the movie. Jennings and his music team really hit their A game for me, finding the right placements of songs in the non-performance moments to help elevate the emotion to new levels, and giving us a great cover to boot. Yet, it's the performance moments that really pizazz and become the hybrid of movie and stage show that was always promised in the original movie. Sing 2 gives us amazing numbers to the unorthodox Sci-Fi Stage show, and is really the crown jewel that climactically finishes this heartwarming tale. I loved the ending so much for many reasons and feel that this will be a lot of audience members' favorite moments when they hit this film. This part is definitely worthy of theater level viewing, and if you got the guts for 3-D, I think it helped to be honest.DISLIKES:
The Plot:
It's a kids' film and I get things have to be a bit lighter to not bore the hyper energy kiddos that will be the primary target. However, Sing, Madagascar, and Despicable Me have all proven that you can layer a plot and still be good. Sing 2 started to do this, but I don't think it reached the full potential that it was going for. Outside of predictability, the movie seems sort of lost in which aspects to work through, giving a timetable that makes for rushed moments and impasses that are hurdles a bit too quickly. That level of integration in the first film is only a sliver, perhaps due to focus on the ending, or perhaps due to pandemic cutting into time and budget. Either way, the plot is complete, but without the solid ending may have suffered more given the integration issues.The Character Usage/Growth:
Sing 2 already had a heavy cast to begin with, but they added more to the mix to try for expansion and it was decent and fun. However, like the plot, the character growth, focus, and abilities are a bit blander than I had hoped given the advertising for this movie. It's a fast paced juggle, going from subplot to subplot in rapid manner and never giving us the time, focus, and energy to really see them work past the fears and limitations plaguing them. Many of the moments are to one scene, or a quick montage that offers little backstory, bonding, and trust that we saw in that first film. Things are again too sewn together in that Playhouse Disney sort of way, and for older audience members like me seeing those moments helps add spectacle to the film. Again, it's not the worst suspense of disbelief, but something more was needed to help spread and balance the stories and songs that I was looking for.The Advertising:
This is one of those major cases where commercials went way too far to give you the movie, as they gave you almost the entire movie. Sing 2's commercials showed way too much, and offered little surprise or twists that this movie could have used super well. I'm guessing that from what I've seen in trailers, you have about 60-65% of the movie already for viewing, with only the stage show offering any incentive to still see it. Sing 2's advertisement aggressiveness may have ruined more of the film than any other aspect, just because I had pieced the entire thing together from the bits and pieces they gave in their 2-3 minute ads for about 10 ads. That is indeed the biggest weakness for me in this film, so if you have avoided the commercials... good job and this will be a moot point.The VERDICT:
Sing 2 is a great sequel in terms of entertainment, teaching, design, and spectacle when it comes to animated movies. It has heart, it has energy, and it really builds off the base of the first movie in the goal to give something new, while respecting the traditions. The voice acting is fun, with the new voices finding a welcome home in the big animal city, while the new world is clever in its portrayal of our world. It really is the music and performances that are the selling point though, and for this reviewer the backbone of why you should hit the theater to check this film out. Limitation wise though, I don't think the movie did quite the best work when it came to character and time management, taking a fast track approach and really sidestepping the true potential of the soulful moments the first film did so well. The movie may have been too hopeful in its inclusion of voices and characters and needed another half an hour to reach the same level of quality the first one did. However, the worst part is the aggressive advertisements that have given much of the movie away and if you can avoid this, well then you are in good shape and should be god, but otherwise you know most of the movie from watching those alone. My scores for Sing 2 are:Animation/Adventure/Comedy: 8.0
Movie Overall: 7.0.
8 This movie is really enjoying, fun, and spectacular. The musical show was amazing and I really love it and I love all the soundtracks too, and i really like the stage and the stage theme it look so good. Idk why y'all hating on Meena I mean she's not that annoying in this sequel but Porsha oh god she's very annoying girl, like she thought she's the main character and can blame everyone, and I think that one cat is a gay cause he look so fruity with Porsha dad, I was kinda shock when miss crawly eyes was fall. The ending show was super boom super amazing, I really amaze when clay come to the stage and start play his guitar and sing, and the set on the ending was super cool, I was like WOW that was so amazing. The animation, Visual, Song, sound it was so good, the animation was really detail look like Pixar animation without Disney Style, and the animation was really detail to. I really enjoy the movie but the question is what Suki tell the police man to get that wolf (Porsha dad)
7 Sing 2 is the sequel to the 2016 film of the same name and features the voice talents of Matthew McConaghey, Reese Witherspoon, Taron Egerton,Tori Kelly and Scarlett Johanson with new additions from Bobby Cannavale,Leitha Wright, Halsey,Pharell Williams and Bono(the lead singer from the Irish band U2).Buster Moon(McConaghey) is back with his gang and this time he wants to set up a new show with Cal Calloway(Bono) to star. But when Buster and Ash(Johanson) track Cal down they discover that he is now a recluse and doesn't want to sing nor play anymore. Will Buster persuade Cal to star in the new show?.Overall I enjoyed this film as its got great songs from current acts like Camila Cabello,Shawn Mendes,Ariana Grande,Coldplay and U2. If you loved the 1st film then you will enjoy this feelgood film. Bono surprised me in this film as it was his first acting gig as well as his animated debut
He was very good in this film.B +
8 "Sing 2" is a charming and enjoyable follow up to the 2016 "Sing" and in many ways is the rare sequel that surpasses the original. The new film finds Buster Moon (Matthew McConaughey) and his performers enjoying a run of sod out shows in his theater.Unwilling to settle for success in a regional locale; Buster and crew set off for the big city to produce and perform a show for Bigshot Jimmy Crystal (Bobby Cannavale); who is as ruthless as they come. After conning his way into an audition; Buster claims their new show will feature the return of reclusive Rock Icon Clay Calloway (Bono); who has been a recluse for the past fifteen years.Jimmy is intrigued and gives Buster a chance and inserts his daughter Porsha (Halsey) into the show despite the fact that while she is a gifted singer; her acting is cringe worthy.What follows is a madcap tale filled with music and humor as the crew desperately try to get the show ready and stay away from the very dangerous Jimmy Crystal.The music is very good and the cast is as enjoyable as ever. I would have liked to have seen Seth Mac Farlane return but the performances from Taron Egerton, Reese Witherspoon, Scarlett Johansson, and the ensemble more than deliver.For those who enjoyed the first film and are looking for some fun entertainment for the family; "Sing 2" is a winning performance.4 stars out of 5.
10 Buster Moon has a dream: to be the most successful koala in showbiz. In "Sing," he managed to salvage the run-down venue where his musical theater ambitions might thrive, much to the delight of family audiences. Now, in that toon's jam-packed "let's put on a show" sequel, Buster Moon and his menagerie of pigs, primates and other crooning critters head to Redshore City - the Las Vegas-like entertainment capital of their parallel universe, which is basically human in every way except for the fact that there are no humans to be found in it - to launch a massive song-and-dance extravaganza. If "Sing 2" sounds like a shameless excuse for a bunch of celebrities to perform cover versions of Top 40 hits while animated animals lip-sync the lyrics for our amusement ... well, that's essentially what it is. Buster Moon (voiced by Matthew McConaughey) and friends set out to pitch an original show to oddly Trump-like hotelier Jimmy Crystal (Bobby Cannavale), a white wolf with an enormous arena to fill and nothing to draw in the crowds, joined by U2 megastar Bono as a rocker they must lure from retirement for the big night. Bono is an undeniably big get for Illumination, although one assumes that Universal just backed up the cash truck, getting a new U2 tune in the process. The "Sing" recipe is all about recycling familiar songs, but that track, "Your Song Saved My Life" - which is terrific - hints at how special this franchise could be if the team committed to writing original music instead. It's a more unified sequence than the series of solo performances that concluded Sing, emphasizing the camaraderie of a company that's not just a collection of performers anymore, but a community with its own set of values and aspirations. Sing 2 gave me goosebumps when Bono stated walking out playing his famous song, Your Song Saved My life... truggling with loss, Calloway just can't find any reason to sing again after the passing of his singular inspiration. By adapting the melodies of some of the grieving lion's own songs and internalizing their emotional arcs,. Sing 2 will hit theaters December 22, 2021. #sing2.
10 That maybe better then the 1st. Watched this movie tonight and it was hilarious. Illumination made another hit! The music to the story it was a good movie. Adults and kids could enjoy.
8 At first i though the animation was quite 'off' the track, but it just the Sing style. As soon as the movie going i can finally see the great detail again. So sorry for my inpatient.The story is good, delivery with so much fun, and a good fast phase. Waste no time.The movie fill with some serious emotion from the half of the time its been going, clay calloway present really add some spark to this movie. Have so much goosebumps moment me personally.
10 Today is February 25th, 2022. 18 years ago today, The Passion of the Christ was released in theaters. I was 5 when it came out. My parents went to the theater to see it, and left my sister and myself with a babysitter while they were gone. When they returned, I asked them if I could see it when it came to DVD, to which they, in unison, responded: "NO!"I was shocked. Growing up in a very devout Christian home, I was a bit stunned to be FORBIDDEN from seeing a movie about Jesus. Later I would find out it was Rated R, but how could a movie about Jesus be Rated R?I would ask others about the movie and hear about how violent it could get, but I never got to see it until I lived with my Grandma when I was 14. And even then, she warned me more than once that it was very intense.And it indeed is. The Passion of the Christ is a visualization of the last 12 hours of Jesus's life on Earth- and chronicles how rough His crucifixion was. I've heard complaints before that the movie focuses too much on Christ's suffering and not as much as His teachings. This complaint seems rather silly, though.When we say "passion", we tend to mean, for instance, how I have a passion for movies. However, the word "passion" has a Latin origin meaning "to suffer." The title The Passion of the Christ literally means "The Suffering of Christ". The title gives away the film's plot and it's purpose.The movie's portrayal of Jesus's suffering IS very intense. Again, it earned the movie an R Rating, something very few faith based movies get. In fact, many Christians will avoid R Rated movies, except for this one.One example of how graphic the violence gets is in the whipping scene, the most gruesome scene in the film. Pilate condemns Jesus to a severe flogging before sentencing Him to crucifixion. Some Roman soldiers handcuff him to a pole and spend 3 minutes flogging His body with a whip.Afterwards, they get bored of this and grab a cat-o-nine tail, a whip with 9 HOOKS at the end. For the remainder of the prolonged scene, we see the hooks skin Jesus alive- first on his back, and then on his stomach and face. Finally, a Roman soldier sees this and stops it.It's undoubtedly a hard scene to watch, and is sure to bring tears and disgust. Non-Christians may watch it and think it's just mindless violence. But believers will understand the point director Mel Gibson is making, that Jesus suffered this much for our sins.This point can be seen clearly with the verse that opens the film, Isaiah 53:5: "He was wounded for our iniquities, He was crushed for our sins, and by His wounds we are healed."To those who think the movie goes overboard with the violence, I suggest looking up Isaiah 52:14, which in paraphrase predicts that Jesus's face on the cross would be marred beyond recognition. We can still recognize the face of actor Jim Caviezel by the end of the film, so the actual crucifixion of Jesus would have been much, much worse then what is shown in 2 hours here.My reaction to this film the first time was quite strong. I don't cry at many movies, but this made me cry the hardest the first time. Now, some movies are harder for me to watch now- Grave of the Fireflies, Saving Private Ryan, The Green Mile, Letters To God, to name a few. But seeing this for the first time 8 years ago, I had a much stronger understanding of how much Jesus endured for us. It did make me feel guilt, but I was also uplifted at this revelation.Now, with this film I should address the elephant in the room- the controversy behind the anti-semetic remarks of Mel Gibson. When the film was about to release, there were accusations of Jewish hatred seeping throughout the motion picture.I personally think that's silly due to one factor- Jesus Himself was Jewish. If this movie has a message of hating Jews, then this movie is asking you to hate Jesus, when few Bible movies have made me love Him more.That said, the film does focus on Pharisees following Jesus very closely and laughing at his misfortune. However, many Jews are seen in a positive light apart from Jesus- such as The Mother Mary, Mary Magdelene, Apostles like John and Peter (save for his 3 denials), and a woman who offers water and a cloth to a bloody, parched Jesus.Setting aside Gibson's (inexcusable) drunken rant 2 years later, there is nothing in this 126 minute film that would make one hate Jews. The movie is simply chroncling Jesus's act of love by God becoming man to die for mankind's sins.I complain often of "Bible" movies that stray Scripturally and theologically from The Bible, like Noah and Exodus: Gods and Kings. While Passion does take some liberties, such as Satan tempting Jesus numerous times to renounce who He is to save Himself from torture, the film does stick very closely to the Gospel accounts of the Crucifixion, and many quotes come straight from The Gospels. This helps the film's power even more.While The Passion of the Christ is a very hard movie to watch, it is a movie everyone should see at least once. Due to my love for it, I have actually seen it around 16 times in 8 years, although I've gone a couple years without seeing it.You don't have to think it's perfect or a film to see twice, but it should be seen as a deeper understanding of Jesus's purpose on Earth in the Christian faith. The Passion of the Christ is one of the best Biblical movies ever made, and a great cinematic portrayal of God's love.
10 ...which is precisely why so many people can't handle it. Gibson could have toned everything down, and then would have been met with apathy or mockery. Both the absurd accusations of antisemitism (in a movie where almost all the characters are Jewish), and the hypocritical criticism of the violence (there are only TWO sequences in the movie that are a bit difficult to watch, and the first happens around 50 minutes in) are overblown and hyped up because these are the only criticisms people can come up with. You can't fault the dialogue and line delivery because it's not even in English. You can't fault the direction because the minimal dialogue leads to a more visual story. The soundtrack is criminally underrated by itself. And so on. It is too well made and popular to simply dismiss, and that's why it was so controversial.The violence criticisms are especially silly given that we live in this culture where audiences and critics regularly gush over shows where graphic violence is played for laughs (Fight Club), nihilism (Game of Thrones), or both (Tarantino). Is it such a horror that a film appears that demands you take the implications of brutality seriously? Who is really the degenerate here, Mel Gibson or American society as a whole? However, there is an anguish which pervades every frame of this film and I could maybe see how that can color people's perception of the violence. Even Roger Ebert, one of the few critics who 'got' the film, estimated that '100 minutes, maybe more' of this two hour film was concerned with graphic torture. His calculations are way off. The people calling this a 'snuff film' obviously haven't watched it and are just parroting that one loser critic.Do you have to be religious to 'get' this film? Not particularly, the same way you do not have to be religious to appreciate Renaissance art, much of which seems to have influenced the film. It's also interesting how relatively influential it was, given the smattering of 'visionary' Biblical epics that sprang up in its wake but were consigned to mediocrity. (Ridley Scott's Moses film and Aronofsky's gnostic Noah film).Side note: The soundtrack for this film is on another level. If you like lots of percussion and vocals in your epic soundtracks, try checking it out. Even if you don't intend to watch the movie.
8 Director Mel Gibson brings the last day of Jesus (Jim Caviezel) to the screen. It is after the last supper and Judas betrays Jesus to the authorities for 30 pieces of silver. Jesus is arrested, beaten, convicted of blasphemy and sentenced to death. Roman Governor Pontius Pilate sends him to King Herod. Herod sees Jesus as a fool and releases him back to Pilate. Fearing a revolt, Pilate offers a choice to the crowd between Jesus and Barabbas.This is a relatively literal interpretation of the passion play. Mel even uses Aramaic. It is expertly made and delivers the material. There is a vein of anti-semitic bend while Pilate is excused with more humanity. I don't think the film can force modern values on the 2000 year old text. For true believers, this is heaven. Every whip mark is felt. For non-believers, this is a good representation of the text.
10 Oscar winning "Braveheart" director Mel Gibson sets a whole new standard for Biblical epics in "The Passion of the Christ," an inspiringly original but incredibly visceral account of the final 12 hours in the life of Jesus of Nazareth between his arrest in Gethsemane and his crucifixion at Golgotha. Everything everybody's told you about this two hour & six minute, sincerely-made, moodily filmed, but sadomasochistic saga rings true. However, "The Passion" does NOT qualify as remotely anti-Semitic. Sure, it is blatantly Anti-Pharisee, but not anti-Semitic. Anybody who calls "The Passion" anti-Semitic is nave beyond belief. The anti-Semitism accusation is so general as to be inconsequential. You can condemn the actions of a handful of men (in this case the self-righteous Pharisees), but you cannot condemn an entire race of people (in this case the Jew) for the actions of a heinous few. Indeed, several Jewish characters in "The Passion" come to Jesus' aid. Labeling "The Passion" as anti-Semitic is as ludicrous as describing The Bible as anti-Semitic. Were these sentiments not sufficient, the central message of Gibson's "Passion" pleads for the audience to forgive your enemies.The violence registers off the Richter scale. The torture scene where the Roman soldiers compete to inflict the most damage on the Son of God gives new meaning to gratuitous violence. Okay, isn't violence in any form gratuitous? In this instance, gratuitous violence suits the situation, because the torture and crucifixion of Jesus were about as gratuitous as violence can get. Nevertheless, chances are you may not survive this torture scene, especially if you haven't seen a gory R-rated movie. The graphic crucifixion scene reminds us of the heartless savagery of public executions in New Testament times, too. Gibson must have spilled several gallons of Karo syrup mixed with red food coloring for this scene as well as the 45-minute flogging scene to emphasize the violence as it has never been stressed before in spectacles like "King of Kings" (1961) and "The Greatest Story Ever Told" (1965). Perhaps the only movie to rival Gibson's "Passion" for its documentary realism is the obscure 1966 Italian art film "The Gospel According to St. Matthew" that portrays Jesus as an activist.The largely unknown cast adds to the authenticity. Actor Jim Caviezel's exploits as the cinematic Jesus have been well-documented in the news media. Indeed, he took an accidental lashing during the scourging scene and nearly passed out from the impact. Later, lightning struck him on the cross. Happily, throughout "The Passion," Caviezel delivers a nuanced performance that never overshadows his messiah character. Unlike most Jesus movies, "The Passion" gives us a Christ who looks and behaves as an ordinary individual. This Jesus isn't a blond, blue-eyed loafer with shaven armpits in an immaculate white robe. Gibson shows Jesus the carpenter finishing up a table. When his mother Mary (Romanian actress Maia Morgenstern) brings him a bowl of water, he splashes it on her in an example of a playful mother a son relationship. This unusual scene of Jesus clowning is a welcome relief from those sanitized and solemn depictions of Christ as a man with no sense of humor. Earlier, Caviezel gives us a glimpse of Jesus' humanity in Gethsemane when he chides his drowsy disciples for failing to stay awake. At the same time, this Jesus is no weakling. During his first encounter with Satan, Jesus stomps the Devil's snake into the ground and gives Lucifer a dirty look. By the end of "The Passion," Caviezel doesn't have to act and looks virtually unrecognizable under all the blood, gore, and crown of thorns. Aside from Caviezel, whose acting credits include "Angel Eyes," "Frequency," and "The Thin Red Line," Gibson wisely cast no-name actors. As Mary Magdalene, a tastefully subdued Monica Bellucci of "The Matrix Reloaded" is the only other big-name Hollywood refugee. Hristo Shopov takes top honors for his thoughtful performance as the conflicted Pontius Pilate, while Italian actress Rosalinda Celentano of "The Other" makes a creepy, androgynous Satan. She is enough to send a shiver up or down your spine. Collectively, however, the actors who impersonate the sadistic Roman soldiers give the movie its gut-wrenching quality with their savage shenanigans, especially when they flip the cross over to beat the protruding nails sideways. These guys give new meaning to evil!Loosely based on the Synoptic New Testament gospels as well as the book of John along with the Catholic Church's 14 Stations of the Cross, "The Passion" champions celluloid realism, but falls short of strict theological authenticity. Reportedly, Gibson also relied on the visions of two nuns: the 17th century Mary of Agreda and the 18th century Anne Catherine Emmerich. What "Saving Private Ryan" did for W.W. II movies; what "Pulp Fiction" did for crime movies, what "Star Wars" did for science fiction movies, "The Passion" does for Biblical epics. When the actors speak, they utter their lines in either Latin or Aramaic to give this chronicle a convincing sense of historicity. Don't worry, the subtitles are easily read. Ironically, for a movie about Christ, "The Passion" doesn't preach as much as you might expect. Instead, Gibson lets the visuals tell the story. He intersperses several flashbacks throughout, such as the Sermon on the Mount and the Last Supper, but "The Passion" focuses largely on the agony of Christ. If you watch movies for recreation, "The Passion" may be more than you counted on seeing. If your faith drives you to watch "The Passion," you may find yourself sorely tested, particular when those Roman soldier wield their scourges. Whether you're saved or secular, "The Passion" remains a seminal movie for our times. Despite some minor technical flaws which you may miss because you're caught up in the action, "The Passion of the Christ" emerges as a cinematic revelation.
10 I've seen a lot o people talking trash about this movie - even a lot of christians -, and I find it hard to understand why. Philosopher Peter Kreeft called it the "most beautiful movie ever made", and when I think about it in the light of the Christian faith, it's hard to disagree.First of all, passion means suffering, and for all those people that complain about the violence in the movie, I think it's because they don't get Christ's Passion at all. The emphasis on violence is fundamental, as it's what reveals how much God suffered because of what I did. So I, the spectator, am experiencing with all my emotions what I can only imagine and reflect about when reading the Gospels. And I'm not the kind of person that reads about Jesus crucified and direct relates it to all the bad things I did to contribute to that moment, and even when I do, it's more like in a lucid, almost indifferent way, while the movie forces me to feel the burden that I've put on My Lord's shoulder.This is of course from my Christian perspective, and I wouldn't even try to talk about what's great in the movie from a secular perspective. The lens through which one watches it it's what define its greatness. And that lens is faith. So I really don't think it's a big deal if an atheist doesn't like it; but if a catholic doesn't like it I'll be confused.The way Jim Caviezel plays Jesus is so powerful. He seems very humble, very vulnerable, very soft, yet very strong and confident. When he talks to the people, you feel so much goodness in his tone; when he is accused of blasphemy you can feel his innocence even if nothing is spoken. When he is carrying the cross and falls, Mary runs to him and it's such a symbolic scene of how much she loves her Son, and how much she wants His suffering to end, even though she accepts the will of God.Mel Gibson did a great job with all the symbolism in the movie: Mary's obedience; Judas' desperation; all the people shocked by Jesus' mere presence. There's so much of it, and it feels so natural.I can only assume that christians that don't like The Passion of the Christ are those that didn't actually take their time to think about the Passion of Christ. The movie is a chance to do so. It's ugly and repulsive? Yes, but only for a moment. When you realize that it captures the essence of God's love for humanity, it becomes eternally beautiful. Jesus didn't have to do that. He did because of me, because of you; because He is the good shepherd that lays his life for the sheep.So what if the reality of the Passion is full of gore and tears and injustice? We are the cause of that, and sometimes we better realize it by having it thrown on our faces, however hurt we may end up feeling. Just remember that our pain is nothing compared to our Lord's pain. I can only speak for myself when I say that my love for my Savior is very small; but I know very well that He loves me with a heart that is ready to bleed without hesitation, even though I'm not worth it.
9 This film is neither preachy nor pedantic, and was a welcome surprise for me. As a non-Christian who nevertheless respects the historical figure of Jesus Christ and the beauty of his philosophy and teachings, I found The Passion to be a powerful portrayal of much that I think is worthwhile about the Christ story. I know the film has been maligned for anti-semitic content (perhaps because Jews make mistakes in the film and are seen as persecutors instead of victims? - it could have been anybody!), and for various other problems - but let's face it - any movie portraying this subject was bound to face strong reactions. And kudos to Mel Gibson for not shying away from the subject by creating a sterile, gutless, Disney story out of what really was a good example of the everyday horror of life on the fringes of the Roman empire. Gibson invents a new genre with The Passion - that of historical horror. The performances in this film are inspired. I felt that the film brought out the cowardice of the apostles very forcefully, and the courage and love of the two Maries in Jesus' life was palpable to the very end. The effect of Aramaic and Latin, with the moody soundtrack, was spellbinding. Again kudos to Mel Gibson for his courage and artistic integrity on the decisions involved in these elements of the film.Final word - this is not a film for the whole family nor is it a feel-good film. Don't see it if you're not willing to confront the worst aspects of human nature up close. And don't go in looking for your own version of the story - it's not your film! This is what Mr. Gibson believes, and it's his own revelation, not necessarily to be shared by all.
10 A lot of critics I have heard disliked or even dismissed this movie.  They seemed to think that the movie should have focused on Christ's ministry and his teachings, and not on the crucifixion and the events leading up to it. These critics miss the point of this movie.  As with all movies, The Passion was directed at a target audience, in this case Christians.  The point of the movie was simply this: to make Christians understand, in a visceral way, what they knew intellectually from reading the bible: that Christ endured a horrible and brutal death in order to save us from our sins.  It was completely successful in this, and was, perhaps, the most powerful movie I have ever seen.
9 The film centers about the Passion of Christ for twelve Hours That Changed the World . The movie, behind the greatest event in the history of the world. Dealing with one man changed the world forever. It is very strong ,the punishment is breathtaking . It begins in the garden of Getsemani where he's betrayed by Judas Iscariot in exchange of thirty coins.He's led to governor Poncio Pilatos, but he washes his hands. Jesus Christ is condemned to die . Then the passion goes on : knocks, punches ,lashes, the blood drills along his skin. The experience of Christ suffering is overblown. He must carry the cross over his shoulders, but he's helped by Simon. He's crucified in the Golgota hill and there suffers new tortures. By his wounds, we were healed and Jesus gave his life for us .The picture is very well played by James Cazievel as Jesus , Mia Morgenstein as Virgin Mary , Lionello as Judas and and Monica Belucci as Mary Magdalene . It packs a colorful and evocative cinematography by Caleb Deschanel . As well as a sensitive and exciting musical score by John Debney . The movie was stunningly directed by Mel Gibson who formerly made another great epic : Braveheart . Rating : 8.5/10 , above average . Well worth watching . Essential and indispensable seeing .Jesus life has been adapted several times , such as : King of Kings (released in 1927) , it is the yardstick by which all Jesus movies are to be measure , being first silent version by Cecil B. DeMille with H. B. Wagner Christ . Other pictures dealing with his divine presence are the following ones :King of Kings(1961) by Nicholas Ray with Jeffrey Hunter , Robert Ryan , Ron Randel , Hurd Hatfield , Rip Torn , Frank Thring , Carmen Sevilla ; The Greatest Story Ever Told(1965) by George Stevens with Max Von Sidow , Michael Anderson Jr , Carroll Baker, Ina Balin, Pat Boone, Jose Ferrer , Angela Lansbury , Victor Buono, Richard Conte ; Gospel according to Matthew by Pier Paolo Pasolini with Enrique Irazoqui as Jesus ; Jesus Christ Superstar(1977) by Norman Jewison with Ted Neeley and Carl Anderson ; Jesus de Nazareth(1977) by Franco Zeffirelli with Robert Powell , Olivia Hussey , James Mason , Laurence Olivier , Anne Brancfort , Fernando Rey ; Jesus (1976) by Peter Sykes , John Krish with Brian Deacon ; Last temptation of Christ by Martin Scorsese with Willem Dafoe , David Bowie , Harvey Keitel , Ian Holm , Harry Dean Staton , among others .
10 To this day, the most powerful and emotional, moving movie I have ever seen. Raised a Catholic, I realized that this movie was basically everything I expected it to be. My eyes were so swollen from the crying and tears I shed. I gave my life to Christ in 2011 and this movie sent one clear message - the only way to God is through Jesus. Never have I ever cried and sobbed during a movie than I did for this one because it all happened and One Man endured all that viciousness, torture, pain and death for all of our sins. I applaud Mel Gibson on this film, the cast and the crew for giving us this once in a lifetime movie!
10 To depict an entire two hour movie about the end of Jesus life takes tons of focus and care.I appreciate those who made this and that some of the exact verses from the Gospels and Old Testament spoken by Jesus and other prophets made it into the script of the movie.I cried watching this. As my pastor once said, "Our deprivity is shown in our inability to weep at our salvation."O Lord. Jesus. Savior. Thank you.
10 The Passion of the Christ is an undeniably moving and emotionally galvanizing experience and will indelibly stay in your conscience long after the credits roll. It is now 3 years later, and I saw the film once in the theaters, and I remember it like I saw it yesterday. And this is coming from someone who still hasn't made up his mind about religion. This is a one of a kind film that will affect you as long as you have a pulse. For those jaded enough to just view the film as anti-Semitic or just plain hooey, then perhaps I will stipulate that you will find something wrong with it. But for anyone who at least has a humanitarian side to them, this movie will get inside you and never leave.Mel Gibson has lost much of his credibility when he got drunk one night and went off on Jews. This rant painted him as a hypocrite and that is very unfortunate because this film is one that at least has something to say. If nothing else, it shows us that humanity hasn't changed in 2000 years. We are still as violent as we ever were. We still don't value a human life anymore than we did when Jesus ostensibly walked the Earth. Christ apparently died for our sins and if you believe in this, if you accept the fact that Jesus got tortured more than any living thing should be, then you have to understand that this was done so that we could have our sins wiped away when entering the Kingdom. But it was also done, if you believe in Christianity and/or Catholicism, so that we could become better people. Why else would God allow his only begotten son to succumb to such despicable and inhumane treatment? One would hope that it is to better humanity, not make it worse. Although I didn't live in Biblical times, I can only assume that times are not any better now than it was then. Torture is still prevalent in myriad of countries, and even condoned by the U.S president himself...the most powerful man in the world. Famine is at an all time high and while the rich countries like the one I live in do little to help wipe it out, there are starving people even on our street corners. Altruism is a word that most people don't know how to spell let alone practice. Greed is everywhere and the opulence that is provided by the very Earth we live on is being destroyed and pillaged by those that should be thanking their lucky stars that we have this great place to live in.What does this all mean? Does this have anything to do with the movie? Of course it does. As I said, if anything this film appeals to the humanitarian in all of us. I don't know how I feel about God, Jesus, John 3:16 and The Bible and so on. But even though I am ambivalent to all of this, I still have emotions and I do respect a human life. And if a man, deity or human, was actually treated this way by a society that existed 2000 years ago or 10 days ago, it is bothersome. If there was a man named Jesus Christ that existed and taught us to be altruistic and benevolent and peaceful, he would be disgusted to see how we all turned out. The Passion of the Christ is about that man. It doesn't matter if he was a God, a spirit or the flesh and blood, this is a film about the power belief. But it is also about the power of corruption and corruption of power. And power can be absolutely corrupting and this is what has turned our world into a cesspool of the rich and dangerous. Because when you watch the film, the fear of this man, the fear of what he represented is what scared everyone.The Passion of the Christ is a masterpiece of film making. I believe it wasn't nominated for anything because the donkeys that run Hollywood are powerfully corrupt as well and there are plenty of powerful figures who just don't agree with the supposed message and supposed anti-semitism. I don't really think Mel cares too much what the rest of Hollywood thinks of him as this film apparently netted him more than 300 million dollars as he funded the film by himself. I say good for him. It's a shame alcohol makes you say such asinine things because Mel damaged his reputation beyond repair when he did so, but that shouldn't take away from the brilliance of this film. James Caviezel is a miracle as the Christ figure. Speaking in an entirely different language he conveys the passion, the fear, the emotion and the spirit of Jesus Christ. I can't imagine another actor playing this part.The Passion of the Christ is one of the most moving motion pictures of all time. It brought me to tears. Tears of anger, tears of sorrow and tears for fear. As I said, this is coming from someone who sits on the fence when it comes to religion. If you are a Christian or a practicing Catholic, this film will move you like no other.10/10 Love it or hate it for what it says, you cannot deny how it will make you feel.
10 My annual Good Friday tradition since its release on 2/25/2004.The best example I've ever seen of a movie that feels like art in motion...bringing to life beautiful paintings of Christ's Passion before the eyes of the viewer to create the most intense and deeply affecting look at the essence of Christ's redemptive sacrifice that anyone has been able to experience within the past two thousand years...far surpassing any other film, live performance, or any other artistic expression on the subject matter.Definitely the single most powerful and important film of my lifetime that should be seen both by believers and by those that value the artistic side of cinema. Every shot in this film makes you feel like you're inside of a renaissance painting (inspired by the likes of Caravaggio and Michelangelo).In addition to being the first movie to give a raw look at the degree to which Christ suffered for humanity that was not overly sanitized, this also conveys the idea of spiritual welfare as poignantly as I've ever seen on film...drawing Biblical allusions to Genesis and Satan's temptation of Christ to add crucial thematic context from the very beginning...and this is quite possibly the best movie at showing the humanity of Christ without diminishing His divinity, depicting a beautiful mother & son relationship that anyone can relate to.It also offers insight into the heated political climate between the Romans and the Jewish Sanhedrin at the time, with one of the most thought provoking looks at the moral dilemma of Pontius Pilate when Jesus is brought to him for sentencing.The directing, editing, acting, Middle Eastern inspired music score, cinematography, production design, visual/prosthetic effects, authentic languages from the era, etc... give this movie as much attention to detail as you could ever hope to see/hear onscreen to create an unforgettable emotional and visceral experience (as well as a spiritual one, for those of us open to its message).A medieval Passion play in the form of a masterfully crafted, unparalleled cinematic achievement unlike anything modern viewers have ever been able to experience before...culminated by arguably the most Biblically accurate and powerful depiction of Christ's Resurrection to date...which may be the single most uplifting, awe inspiring final shot in the history of cinema."Surely He took up our pain and bore our suffering,
yet we considered Him punished by God, stricken by Him, and afflicted.But He was pierced for our transgressions, He was crushed for our iniquities; the punishment that brought us peace was on Him, and by His wounds we are healed.We all, like sheep, have gone astray, each of us has turned to our own way; and the Lord has laid on Him the iniquity of us all."
Isaiah 53:4-6 (NIV)"He committed no sin, and no deceit was found in his mouth."When they hurled their insults at Him, He did not retaliate; when He suffered, He made no threats. Instead, He entrusted Himself to Him who judges justly."He Himself bore our sins" in His body on the cross, so that we might die to sins and live for righteousness; "by His wounds you have been healed."For "you were like sheep going astray," but now you have returned to the Shepherd and Overseer of your souls.
1 Peter 2:22-25 (NIV)
10 I have only been able to watch this film twice; it's extremely hard to get through the violence. It's not the type of violence you see in horror films, but the most realistic of human suffering. As a person of faith, it is difficult to imagine anyone going through Jesus' ordeal. I was really surprised that this was a Mel Gibson project (however I did really enjoy Apocalypto). Jim Caviezel's performance was superb; I loved his portrayal of Jesus. You cannot get through this film without a box of Kleenex; I never can and that's why I have only seen it twice. It's definitely not a film for children and I wouldn't allow them to watch it until a more appropriate age because of the disturbing content. However, I highly recommend this film even if you are not into religious films; I think the story is compelling in it's self.
10 You may have an experience like this in a movie theater, once in a lifetime. I haven't been able to take those images out of my mind. What an incredible achievement. It works in so many different levels that it would be impossible to list them. It touched me in a way no film has done before. It provoked such degree of hatred around my neck of the woods, that it goes to prove how the devil reacts to holy water. Most people I spoke to in Los Angeles had made up their minds about the film before actually seeing it. What's that all about? At the end of the day Mel Gibson had the last laugh or the right to have it, although I don't believe that he is laughing. He seems to be unafraid, fueled by his faith and convictions, a man of his word. That in itself must confuse the hell out of Hollywood. All religious considerations to one side this is an artistic masterpiece. You may agree or disagree, but why not to make up your own mind?
10 All aspects of this film, "The Passion of the Christ" are excellent. The technical values, shooting and film quality, costume and makeup, screenplay and directing, cast and crew are outstanding. For a film with relatively few lines for its length, the quality of acting is even more important. The leads are all exceptional  Jim Caviezel as Jesus, Maia Morgenstern as Mary, and Monica Belluci as Magdalen. The roles of the Apostles, Pontius Pilate, his wife, the high priest, and Herod are all very good. For a real take on the quality of casting and directing, look at some of the lesser roles  the Roman soldiers, for instance. One scene shows the excellence of several men in their roles as soldiers. During the scourging of Jesus, two soldiers begin with reeds for whips. They stand behind Jesus on either side, and alternate their strikes. After so many lashes, Jesus is weakened and falls to his knees. The two soldiers stop, exhausted. One is bent over, hands on his knees, gasping for air. The other, breathing heavily, wipes saliva from his mouth. They, and others standing around them have looks that may be empathy for the beaten figure of the man before them. But then, Jesus struggles to his feet, his hands shaking and writhing in pain as he pulls himself up off the ground. Now we see a marked change in the soldiers. They have looks of scorn at this prisoner's defiance of their beating. We can see  almost to the point of imagining the feelings ourselves  the anger welling up within them. Now they have looks of contempt, bitterness, and hatred toward this beaten man who has withstood their beating. So, now they take to the horrendous and brutal weapons of flogging. Now they will teach him a lesson. There will be no mercy for this man.No movie before has shown the depth and detail as has this film of the last 12 hours in the life of Jesus Christ. To some, it's too brutal and gory to watch. And, it's certainly not for young children. But for those who want to learn about and better understand the Gospel accounts of the last half day of Jesus Christ on earth, "The Passion of the Christ" is an excellent portrayal. Mel Gibson produced, directed and co-wrote the screenplay for the film. He relied on a book, "The Dolorous Passion of Our Lord Jesus Christ," to fill in many details of the Gospel accounts. The book was edited by author and poet Clemens Brentano, and based on his interviews of a mystic, Anne Catherine Emmerich. She was a nun who lived from 1774 to 1824, in a convent in Germany. She spent the last years of her life bedridden. She had spiritual ecstasies, including visions of the life and death of Jesus. She later bore the physical marks and pains of the stigmata on her body. These were examined by church officials and later by secular medical experts, all of whom confirmed the wounds as authentic and unexplainable. History books and encyclopedias attest to the type of scourging depicted in the film. A number of scientific and medical books about scourging and crucifixion have been published in the past few decades. One of the best is a book by Dr. Frederick T. Zugibe, 1929-2013. The former chief medical examiner of Rockland County, NY (1969-2000), was one of the most prominent forensic experts in the U.S. His "The Crucifixion of Jesus: A Forensic Inquiry" was written after decades of research and updated in 2005. Another, with more historical details, is "A Doctor at Calvary," by Pierre Barbet, M.D., 1953. Gibson and company took extra steps to add to the accuracy and reality of time and place. The movie was made in the languages spoken in Jerusalem 2,000 years ago  Aramaic, Hebrew and Latin. It also has English subtitles. Lengthy research went into the dress and customs of the time. Experts advised the crew on language, the culture, and other details during the filming.The film received three Oscar nominations, for cinematography, costumes and makeup. There were some other very good movies in 2004, but consider those that won Oscars in these categories. Cinematography and costume went to "The Aviator," and makeup went to Lemony Snicket's a Series of Unfortunate Events. "Passion" wasn't nominated for directing or editing, but consider this film against those Oscar winners, "Million Dollar Baby" and "The Aviator," respectively. Many extraordinary things happened in connection with the making of "The Passion of the Christ." Viewers will see a strange name in the credits for the film at the end. Jan "Lightning Boy" Michelini, was a young assistant director for the film. He was struck directly by bolts of lightning two times  a year apart, during outdoor filming for the movie. The second time the lightning also flashed to Jim Caviezel who was standing near him. Jan had been holding umbrellas over crew members when it began to rain each time. The lightning burned the umbrellas and passed through him into the ground without hurting him. He had burn marks on his fingers but was OK otherwise. Caviezel also was unharmed. When was the last time you knew of someone who was struck directly by lightning and survived alive, and unharmed?"The Passion of the Christ" is a film like no other. It's surely the best Bible movie ever made. To hundreds of millions of Christians around the world, it is one of the greatest love stories ever made into a movie. And to movie buffs everywhere, it has to be considered among the best acting, historical and technical films ever made. For more details on the making of the movie, see the 2005 book, "Inside the Passion," by John Bartunek.
10 Out of all the movies based on Jesus Christ this has to be the more powerful movie yet. You can actually feel his pain and what he went through. It's a good movie but yet so sad to watch. Other than that I think Mel should of did a other version but with English language for those that can not see or have trouble of reading.
10 Truth is cruel sometimes. Also truth, finally shines, whatever anyone does to hide it.
10 The Passion of the Christ is nearing 3000 user reviews, which says much about the impact of this moving film. Yes, we all know what happened as recorded in God's Word, with Mel Gibson displaying courage to get this film made. All credit that he didn't succumb to studio execs to dub it in English. The authenticity is impressive, and you can feel the pain Jesus Christ (Jim Caviezel, a devout Catholic) endured on the path to the cross for our sins. The resurrection scene is a master of filmmaking.
10 The Passion of the Christ (2004): Dir: Mel Gibson / Cast: Jim Caviezel, Maia Morgenstern, Monica Bellucci, Francesco De Vito, Hristo Shopov: Powerful portrayal of the final twelve hours in the life of Jesus Christ before his crucifixion. It opens with Christ's arrest followed by Peter's denial. Then there is the betrayal and suicide of Judas. We witness Pilate torn between pleasing his people and sentencing an innocent. We witness the sorrow as Mary can only stand by in agony as he is nailed to a cross. Then there is the controversial violence regarding severe beatings as Roman soldiers bloody Jesus to the point where he can barely carry his own cross. Ultimately we witness the resurrection! Fantastic directing by Mel Gibson with exquisite art direction and special effects. This is a triumphant followup to his Oscar winning work in Braveheart. Jim Caviezel brings out the anguish and love of Jesus who moves forward willingly knowing that mankind depends on his sacrifice. Maia Morgenstern as Mary is a mother who can only watch and reflect. Monica Bellucci plays the woman caught in adultery and whom Jesus saves from being stoned by accusers. Francesco De Vito plays Peter who means well but falls short when predicted as such. Hristo Shopov plays the conflicted Pontius Pilate put in position of deciding the fate of Jesus. The result is a symbolic and passionate masterpiece. Score: 10 / 10
10 Gibson's controversial film is about one night different from every other It is profound, beyond words It illustrates what supposedly took place James Caviezel has little opportunity to show Jesus' spiritual charisma His deep eyes movingly convey the anguish and pain of a man forced to drag his heavy cross through the narrow streets of Jerusalem to a place outside the city's walls... Caviezel is especially effective in the flashback sequences that show him preaching to his followers, and it's easy enough to wish that Gibson had included more of these precious moments Maia Morgenstern's Mary is heartbreaking as the mother of Jesus who recalls a poignant moment from Jesus' childhood This beautiful Jewish Romanian actress comes across as a woman of incredible courage and caring She is present at nearly every event after her son's arrest She has little, if any, dialog Instead she uses her body language and her eyes to convey her bleeding love at seeing her beloved son in excruciating pain Her grief-stricken image at the foot of the cross with Jesus' blood on her face made the roughest, most anguished viewing of the whole film Monica Bellucci gives a quiet, yet forceful, performance as Mary Magdalene, the ever-grateful woman who is saved from a stoning to death Mattia Sbragia is convincing as the hateful, vengeful face, Caiphas, and Rosalinda Celentano puts a frightening depiction of the devil, which tries to sway Jesus from his destiny With realistic costumes and makeup, stunning cinematography, Gibson's film embodies the spirit of Baroque art in Italy Its dramatic images reveal to everyone how much the Romans rule over Palestine was based on brute force alone
10 The second the movie was over, I was dumbstruck, and I wasn't the only one. When the movie ended I thought there would be a big round of applause but when I turned around I saw that about half the audience was still in their seats. I looked at a couple of people, some were speachless and most were crying. Nonetheless I didn't hear a word. When I thought about it, i realized an applause would have been ridiculous.When someone asked me how the movie was I was going to say it was amazing, but that wouldn't have done the movie justice. The movie was an extremely moving, emotional experience.The cast was absolutely flawless, Jim Caviezel gave a powerful performance as Jesus, Maia Morgenstern as Mary brought me to tears, and even though Monica Bellucci spoke only a few lines, her performance and beauty astonished me. The score was incredible. It had a middle-eastern feel to it, and was timeless and beautiful.Most aspects of the movie were perfect to me. Instead of a squeaky clean version of the life of Jesus it was a realistic and heartbreaking portrayal of his final hours. The Aramaic, Latin and Hebrew languages, and wonderful cinematography made you really feel like you were in first century Jerusalem. The flashbacks truly had an emotional impact on me.While watching this movie I forgot about everything else in the world. Mel Gibson did an incredible job as a director and he truly was brave for taking on this project despite all the controversy.As for the two main concerns of most people, the ultra-violence, and the alleged anti-semetism these are my views on the two.Everything people are saying about the violence is true. It is brutal, gory, and quite possibly the most violent work in cinematic history. This R-Rating is very well justified and an NC-17 would have made sense. If you are the type of person that cannot bear violence, this is definately not the movie for you. Some scenes of torture last about 10 minutes when you feel you've seen enough after 30 seconds. But, the violence I feel was absolutely necessary. The movie is about the suffering/passion of Jesus, and turning the camera away would not have an impact on you. The movie shows what Jesus actually went through for all of mankind's sins (according to Christianity). Mel Gibson did not exagerate the violence or make it look like horror movie or Kill Bill violence. As Jay Leno said on his show the other night, when Jesus was hit it felt like WE were being hit as opposed to other violent movies were you feel like YOU are the one hitting the person. I don't think anyone can say that every single hit upon Jesus didn't affect him/her somehow.As for the anti-semetism in the movie, I didn't find it was as bad as everyone is making it out to be. The thing that made me see why people were criticizing Mel Gibson for was that instead of spreading the blame somewhat on the Jewish high priests (Sanhedrin) and mostly on Pilate, 99% of the blame was put on the Sanhedrin, which seemed false to me considering that historically it is known that Pilate was a vicious monster, and in the movie he seems like a gentle person and reluctant to crucify Jesus. I simply didn't buy the fact that Pilate would be so nice. The movie can be considered anti-first-century-Romans, and anti-Sanhedrin, but I did not feel the movie was attacking the Jewish religion, or the entire Jewish people. But the movie is not anti-semitic for these reasons: 1. It is made evident that it was Jesus' prophecy and destiny is to die. He could probably have escaped from Gethsemane or even the cross (if he truly had ''powers''). He was born to die, and there is no blame to be placed on anyone. If anything, the Romans of that time are portrayed horribly (though realistically), and they are the ones that made him suffer tremendously before his death. 2. Basically all the ''Good Guys'' in the movie are Jewish. Jesus himself was a Jew, Mary was, The man that helped Jesus carry the cross was Jewish, Veronica the woman that brought Jesus water and wiped his face was, and many Jews were screaming in the crowd against the torture and crucifixion of Jesus. (Personally, I don't know why Pilate was portrayed so nicely. It's not like the Jews had the ultimate power. It was ultimately HIS decision to have Jesus crucified.)An aspect of the film that intrigued me was the character of Satan, and the demons in the movie. When I first found out Satan was in the movie, I was scared it would be a red man with horns and a pitchfork, but he/she is portrayed subtly. Everything about him/her was very Eerie.Mel Gibson deserves a lot of respect for making this film. He made the movie the way HE thought it was and though most historians or even religious figures would not agree completely to what happened, it is a general idea as to what those final hours were. When reading the new testament or hearing the story of Jesus, it's hard to understand what it was actually like for Jesus to go through all that pain, and what it was like for Mary to watch her son get tortured and crucified. The movie really put things in perspective for me.Some people are criticizing him for adding things never written in the gospels such as demons harassing Judas Iscariot, most scenes with Satan, and the torture from Gethsemene to the Jewish court, but he had to fill the blanks in the Gospels with what he thought might have happened.
In conclusion, not everyone will like this movie. Some will love it, and some will hate it. But, I think that if you can endure the extreme violence and torture you should at least see it before you judge it. My opinion: 10/10
7 I can't believe I didn't write a review after seeing this, but I must have incorrectly presumed I did. With so many other reviewers by now, I'll make my points as brief as possible. GOOD - Kudos for someone finally presenting an accurate account of Christ's sufferings, as gruesome and horrible as they were, although, if you read the Gospel accounts in the Bible, it was even worse than shown on this film. Jesus' face was beaten to a pulp and "unrecognizable" so keep that in mind if you think the film overdid the beatings. However, the overall effect is that there isn't anything sanitized in this film; it's an according-to-the-Book account and after you see this on film, it shakes you up.I heard that people were so stunned they couldn't speak for about a half hour after coming out of the theaters. I thought that was probably exaggerated, but it wasn't. I felt the same way, just stunned at what I had witnessed. As a Believer, it was something I needed to see to remind me of what this God-in the flesh human voluntarily went through. For non-Believers, scoffers or whatever, I don't know what your reaction was to the film but for me, it was a humbling, sobering experience.THE BAD - The unrelenting brutality against Jesus the last three-quarters of this film is so bad that, frankly, I would hesitate before ever watching this again. One viewing is enough. I am amazed so many people sat through this, including Christians. I wish director/producer Mel Gibson had shown more of Christ's resurrection instead of centering 99 percent of this movie on his suffering, although I understand Mel's point. However, all of Jesus' claims and sufferings are meaningless without the resurrection, so why not emphasize that instead of just tacking it on for the last minute or two? Just asking.It's a clich, but this is a film you won't soon forget, but I would add to that, one you probably won't want to watch multiple times.
9 A very well made and directed movie about Jesus's last days. The whipping of Jesus is very intense and cruel. Some may may feel uneasy. This is a rare gem that take the viewer to look in depth for this subject.
10 I see a lot of reviews where people are "disgusted " by the violence they deem "unnecessary" in this film.But have they READ the Bible? Matthew 27, Mark 15,
Luke 22:63-65 ;23, and John 19 all clearly explain the violence that was done to Jesus. Yes it's disturbing, but isn't that the point?! Jesus came and died for us!2 Corinthians 5:21 For our sake he made him to be sin who knew no sin, so that in him we might become the righteousness of God.You can't "pretty up" the truth with glitter and butterflies to make it more palatable. The truth is the truth. Period. I think Mel Gibson did a fabulous job with this film.
10 You don't have to be religious to appreciate this film. I put off watching this movie for a long time before finally deciding to watch it without prejudice. I was surprised how easily the film took the viewer on a difficult and sometimes brutal journey through this truly impressive film experience. I have to admit I was swept away with Jim Caviezel's amazing performance, every time he appeared on screen he would be simply mesmerizing. I was completely unprepared for the brutal and realistic scenes, but I guess such cruelty was part of that time. The very description of that time and people seemed realistic and only reinforced the whole impression of this truly surprisingly fascinating film.
4 Idk if I'm just getting older or if I'm growing more gritty with time and finding these more "light-hearted" films more boring. But I just do not enjoy Pixar movies as much as I used to. I semi enjoyed "Luca" and actually quite liked "Soul" but this film falls completely flat for me it barely even feels like a Pixar movie. Not only is this movie incredibly unfunny but its extremely predictable. The main character Ming comes up with a money hustling scheme to buy tickets to a concert. But her mother doesn't approve she throws her friends under her bus halfway through the film and then at the last 20 minutes predictably she makes up with them. The main "Climax" of the film was also really weird. She defeated the "villain" by shaking her butt at them. Idk just overall just a really weird film didn't really like it.
2 This is not up to the usual high bar Pixar has set over the years. Characters were not endearing, it felt like they were trying too hard to be relatable and it just wasn't entertaining for a wide range of viewers. Very disappointing as most Pixar movies have universal themes & characters that reach all generations with positive messages and engaging plots.
1 Disney finally did the impossible. They made a terrible Pixar film. This is easily the worst film Pixar has ever done, and yes, that includes Good Dinosaur and Cars 2.The premise involves Meilin Lee, a 13 year old girl living in Toronto, Canada. She declares that she's doing her own thing and does and says what she wants. She lives with Ming, her strict overbearing mother (think typical Aisan Parenting), has a side job of taking care of the family temple and has a group of friends who she hangs out with, all of whom are fans of a Boy Band named 4* Town. For her, she thinks her life is balanced, she thinks she has it all figured out. Or does she?One night (after being caught doodling a secret crush as a merman), she has a bad dream and wakes up as a Red Panda. This, it turns out, is a family trait and her family (just the females) turn into Red Pandas whenever they experience strong emotions. And Mei's life is completely upturned as she's forced to evaluate what she wants.I'm gonna be honest, the concept of a girl turning into panda whenever she has strong emotions is not a good concept. Maybe if it was for a Dreamworks movie, then I could understand why they'd go for that. But here, it feels out of place.Then, there's the coming of age and family aspects, which was done so much better in Pixar's other movies: Luca, Brave, Inside Out, and Coco inplemented those aspects in a much better way than this film. Even Soul handed the family aspect a lot better in just one scene and in a much more mature way. It would have been slightly better if she was made older but even then, it wouldn't improve the film that much.The characters felt completely stereotypical and unintersting in comparison to Pixar's previous characters. We have the energetic but overly emotional, overachieving young kid (Mei), the strict and overbearing Aisan tiger mom (Ming), the tomboy (Miriam), the emotionally deadpan friend (Priya), and the energetic friend (Abby). All of these characters are not only annoying due to their over the top emotions, but they're also completely unlikeable.I know that Domee Shi was inspired by old-school anime but it felt like she copied my least favourite aspects of said old school anime and not the best. There's a reason that those aspects are outdated. The animation quality took a nosedive in this film and considering the film's budget $175 million, it's kind of baffling. Especially considering that Dreamwork's films, which look better than this film, have a smaller budget.Turning Red is Pixar's worst film as we get a subpar storyline, unlikeable characters, and a message that despite meaning well, says that it's ok to disrespect your parents.
2 Let me put it this way: a genius way to present a subject is to make it so watchable from so many angles that it will represent something to each viewer. Take Mafalda comics as example: once can read it is a kid, as a teenager or as an adult. It makes different senses, it means different things.That was Pixar's films from its start to 2010 or so.Since then, each new film has the same audience target. And it's not me. It's every time ticking the same boxes: friendship, family, self-maturing. With a touch of magic or oneirism.Visuals are great, music is blah, jokes are nah, it is not super enjoyable and it is very much forgettable.I hope animation gets out of this dark age.
1 Talk about two of the most irritating characters Pixar has ever created. The overbearing mother Ming and her overly dramatic daughter Mei, made this film very difficult to watch. They were both insufferable! Pixar is completely losing its touch! This is the 3rd film in a row the make, that I would not want to watch more than once.
6 This is a story about a girl who turns into a big Red panda.The animation is fresh with a scent of manga about it, the characters are pretty interesting and all in all this a solid enough movie.I think a younger audience will like it and there is lots of relevant stuff for young people.Looking back over the Pixar catalogue there is a dizzying choice of absolute classics that are loved by children and adults alike.Many took really big choices like opening with a tragic death, including a full length music video or excluding dialogue for the entire opening act.Pixar couldn't possibly keep this up forever and Turning Red shows signs they are running out of steam.This takes no risks and is happy just being a kids film about a big fluffy creature.The scenes with the Panda are relatively rare and after a few incidents everyone accepts the Red Panda and that embarrassment factor is removed diminishing the aliment.The story shies away from any kind of conflict. Making it very soft and friendly - happily rolling around in themes of friendship and individuality - but removes any kind of tension.The mother starts as a great character but the story can't stomach her overbearing nature for long and soon it is apparent that everyone is right and the things that were held as important really never mattered, everything works out and everyone agrees to disagree without any consequence.This is all very nice and friendly; younger people of a milder disposition will love this.As an adult it made the experience feel quite empty and pointless - I have a feeling this isn't going to stick long with a younger audience either.Perhaps this is aimed at a eastern audience where perhaps it resonates better.Nothing bad here but if I was to watch all the Pixar movies again this would be way down the bottom of the list.*EDIT* my 8 year old grand daughter has since watched this and she loved it. When I asked what she liked most about the movie she said "the big fluffy panda" - She seemed a bit sketchy on what the actual plot was but she is a girl who knows what she wants and fluffy panda's is it - so a 9/10 from her.
5 This is the first Disney Pixar movie that I felt wasn't made for me whilst I was watching it. Their films usually have something for everyone and a very broad appeal.I felt like this film was aimed squarely at young female TikTok users going through hormonal changes.It has some very important messages that I'm glad to see getting some attention, but it was also very derivative and borrowed a lot of elements from a lot of other kids movies.
3 The movie delivers it's message quite strongly in the beginning but as the story goes on, things become more and more weird and I think it's mainly because Pixar is out of touch with the younger generation and didn't know how to progress the story whilst keeping the underlying message.The scenes where the movie spiraled downhill was particularly when the kids started making money by selling their photos of the Panda and doing all kinds of weird favors, it just tacks on with a weird undertone which I think is one of the more toxic traits being reinforced in the younger generation. You would think that students who get straight A's would know of better ways to make money than selling photos of their appearance. (That is how poor the message became in the second half, that their value is based on their appearance)The story could've easily become something more wholesome, but they were clearly lazy in the writing.I mean, if a twerking Panda is a positive trait then maybe I'm the one who is out of touch.
4 Well, the animation is often creative and incorporates some anime elements to highlight the culture on display.Let's see...what else positive can I say?... There is an attempt at strong characterization as Mei learns to be independent and learns the value of her independence. But it comes across as hollow because from the film's opening scene she says that she takes pride in being independent. So, there's no change in values for her. She just becomes more outspoken.Also, I found the movie rather distasteful in that it seems to encourage rebelling against your parents because they'll never understand you, as opposed to appreciating what they do for you and having honest, open two-way communication with them.Lastly, good gracious this is one of the most cringe-inducing films I've ever seen. The writing and dialogue often comes across as a horribly dated Disney channel movie from 2002. The movie is loud, anxious, and obnoxious for almost the entirety of its runtime.This is Pixar's first true misstep since Cars 2. I guess they can do wrong.
1 Well this wasn't made for me, nor does it have broad appeal. It seems to have been made for Canada's Asian population in Toronto for young bratty tweeny girls.The story jumps around and the main character looks like her father was Wallace, from Wallace & Gromit. Momma has some explaning to do!I was more invested in an email from a Nigerian prince than any of the characters or the plot.
6 Interesting. I thought my 14 year old & her 13 yr old friend would have loved this movie. We waited for it to come out and they had a movie night. 3/4 of the way through they were bored and switched to the Nintendo switch. They said they didn't really "get" what the point of the story was and they lost interest. Head scratcher. I need to watch it myself but if the target audience don't enjoy it - is it really for them?
9 Turning Red features a predominantly East Asian cast and is about the growing pains that come for a young adolescent and her mother - oh, mothers and daughters, the things that come between them are about as (in this case) building busting as the love that invariably keeps them together - but it's an absolutely universal story. So many young people come to find that their parents, one and/or both depending on the time, become way too much to deal with, and that finding attraction in others is something immediate and pleasurable and also forms friendships (like 4-Town... ugh and they're 5 teens what gives). So many don't know what to do with their bodies as they sprout hair all over and hormones rage like a furnace. Is it possible to find your "center" when you're 13?Turning Red is no different than, say, the 400 Blows in addressing how a young person finds themselves at a crossroads of life and choosing a way to go is a conundrum on top of a pain-pile some days, this despite/because of the joys that come with being young and (sometimes/discovering one likes to be) carefree and DGAF about stuff like school and routines and rituals. That these two films are from very different countries and times and protagonists isn't the point, rather that Domee Shii, like Truffaut or Greta Gerwig or Reiner/King with a Stand by Me or (insert other Coming of Age serio-comic saga), finds through her art some compelling ways to express how these changes are vast and cruel and bewildering.In this case, Mei doesn't know what to quite do with her Panda-y self, or more significantly with what her mother wants her to do with it. It's a film ultimately about familial vs self expectations, and it's realized and executed with a heck of a lot of heart, wit, intense cuteness (that box of kittens made me laugh hard), and enough pathos to crash through a dozen concerts. I do have a few nitpicks on my first viewing, some maybe a little minor that I know come with suspending a bit of disbelief (there was never any time the parents thought to mention the whole Panda-transformation curse thing), and some maybe not as much (not to give too many spoilers away, but would 4-Town or their legions of fans react like *that* after what happens in the climax of the movie? I don't know if I fully buy it, even if it still makes for a heart-pulling finale). And on a more fundamental level, you can kind of see what's going to happen with the Mom pretty early on.But these little points don't take away from this being another triumph for Pixar - I almost want to say yawn another but these things are so much harder to pull together and click all into place than most realize - and Shii fulfilling her promise after the dynamic High-Cute Big-Cry energy from Bao (which if you watch again, as I did, is thematically so similar to Red). I love the characters, the vision of Toronto, and so much to do with how we all as younger people struggled through the UGH and AAGH of so much, and it's a movie that manages to remind the adults how profound it can be to confront that and reflect on it all. If it falls short of All Time Masterpiece that may be more on me than it will be for you.
2 I'm normally a huge fan of Pixar. There hasn't ever been one that I haven't enjoyed. The movie did not feel like Pixar, it felt like I was watching anime with CGI. The animation felt like a mix of Disney and cartoon network, and it lacked the magic that makes Pixar films special. There were a few spots that made me laugh and that I found endearing, but overall I wish I could have gotten my time back.
6 The idea, the metaphor is not bad, coming of age or rather turning red (and honor your parents but stay yourself). Pixar production and graphics as good as ever. What is missing in the latest productions, in my opinion, is the genius of Pixar. They seem closer and closer to a typical Disney production, beautiful and musical but not brilliant.This decline, I fear, may be due to an excess of production wanted by the Disney company, and I understand it but, there is a big difference between a tailor's shop and an industrial distribution of clothing.Although I am an adult (and perhaps for this reason), I loved Pixar because in the past its target has never been solely that of children, they have included adults. Outstanding Pixar movies like "Wall-e", "Up", "Inside / Out", "Coco", "Finding Nemo" and Dory, also "Soul", even more than the still wonderful "The Incredibles", "Toy Story", "Ratatouille" , "Cars" etc. They bring with them messages, often moving, that do not concern only our children but also adults. Indeed, some messages are not immediately understandable by a very child / adolescent audience but they leave the fun to them anyway. In fact liked these movies as much as my son did.This latest movie as well as "Brave", to a lesser extent also "Luca", show a slight flattening to Disney standards which I'm not saying are bad but they lack that typical modern tell and sneaky, Pixar genius.
3 Wow, I thought The Good Dinosaur, Luca and Cars 2 were bad... but this.... wow. Pixar truly once and for all sealed their fate as dried up studio, FAR out of their prime. Pixar should be embarrassed at this clich, shallow and weak film. Just wow. Each one of their last 3-4 movies has gotten progressively worse! How is that even possible?? There are few if any redeeming qualities to this mess of a movie.
4 Despite regarding myself a true gorehound to the bone, I like to watch sometimes animation movies with family, for obvious reasons ;) Wall-E, The Incredibles, Inside Out, Monsters Inc are my favorite ones. Compared, Turning Red belongs to one of the weaker entries (like the Car movies) in the line of Pixar works: the animations look rather cheap and without any distinguished style (one of the trademarks of Pixar in my opinion, the good movies have always something unique about their visuals), the soundtrack is bad, the characters are stereotypes without any real soul, some even really annoying. The story, so lala, the "message" too. Well, Turning Red is not a total failure but not really a good one, at least if you compare it to the finest works of the studio. To sum it up: tastes like a fast produced piece without much spark and inspiration.
3 The thing that I think is most loved about Pixar movies, is that there is something for everyone. Even their less popular movies (Brave, Good Dinosaur, the Cars sequels etc) managed to keep everyone entertained, whether they be a young girl, a middle aged man, or a Hobbit from the Shire.Unfortunately Turning Red failed to do this, instead aiming for a very specific target audience excluding everyone else in the process.This movie felt to me like a poor man's Teen Wolf, with less Michael J Fox and more bland humour (although I did like the father stealing the sugary treat whilst the wife was distracted), annoying characters and an uninspired, predictable story.Pixar has handled the trials and tribulations of adolence in far more interesting and endearing ways (Inside Out, Luca, Toy Story 4 etc), but this just felt cheap in comparison, with no sense of depth or feeling, more like a second rate Netflix animation than a movie from one of the greatest animation studios around.It felt to me as though they maybe could have explored the father's relationship with both the wife and daughter a bit more and how this affected them as a family. Especially as he was part of the reason for the mother's problems with her own mother and inner Panda. Instead his character was sadly left unfulfilled.What I really found surprising, was that this film came from the same mind that brought us the excellent short, Bao, which had very similar themes, but managed to cram infinitely more heart and meaning into it's short 8 minute runtime, than Turning Red did in almost 2 hours!Overall I felt that this film was a lost opportunity to take a more nuanced look at (female) adolescence and how it affects those around them and to maybe give a bit more insight into the Asian-Canadian world.
1 Everything about this film can be described in one word: cringe. None of the jokes were funny (they were trying way to hard to be relatable to "fellow kids). The worst part was the animation though. All the characters are so lazily animated and just plain ugly. It looks like something you would see on cartoon network (and I don't mean that in a good way). I was seriously cringing the whole way through the movie. If I hadn't been watching with someone, I probably would have turned it off after the first ten minutes. Actually, on second thought, I wouldn't have watched it at all.
2 It's actually remarkable this film was allowed to be released as-is. It's a terrible mess.This started out an an analogy for a young girl having her period and dealing with puberty to something else entirely.The film has multiple metaphors and themes going on that often contradict each other:"Hide your emotions", no don't do that."I should honor my parents", no I'm not going to do that."I'll be myself and my friends mean most!", nope.It feels like someone with ADHD was writing the script. It is ALL over the place. It tries to cram everything into a short movie and generally fails.Plus, this really has to be pointed out: the draw for this was an Asian director making an Asian-centric story. Despite this, they manage to use so many stereotypes and tropes that I almost can't believe it.This was a complete mess on every level and a new very low point for Pixar.
2 The animation is really, really good, as expected from Pixar, but they wasted it by making their first film to completely break their mold by having a target audience. Pretty much every one of their movies attempts to be likable by all people of all ages, so I'm not sure why they did this, but the movie is solely targeted at preteen girls and no one else at all, and the plot is entirely focused on explaining puberty. The plot is weird and awkward, and every moment of screentime jumps back and forth between extremely cringey or mind-numbingly cliche. At least it has a consistent plot, so it's still better than Encanto, but not by much.
1 Honestly one of the worst Pixar movies I have ever seen. In fact, it's one of the worst movies I've seen in general. First off, the main protagonist is just plain annoying and obnoxious. All of her friends are equally annoying as well. The designs of the characters in this movie are also super off-putting. Especially that of Meilin. Seriously, what is up with those big ass teeth? And finally, I found problems with the voice over. When people speak it just seems unnatural, like the voices aren't matching up with movement of the lips to whoever is speaking. This is especially prevalent with Meilin. It's so weird watching her talk. The plot is just bad, and illogical at times. The movie is filled with so many cringe-worthy moments. I mean, why is this 13 year old girl twerking?I could go on and on about how terrible this movie is, but I'll cut it short with this:Pixar what the hell are you doing?!
5 The movie is funny at the starting point. I thought, it's about how a girl behaves or gone through a situation when she in puberty and how she manages friends and family at the same time. But in the mid way, the girl actually annoyed me, like seriously, she is giving more priority to her friends than family. However,she leaves friends because she want's be a mom's ideal girl. I assumed, turning red and becoming red punda would be mood swing phrase of the girl's life but sadly,it isn't.
1 The beginning of the movie is a beautiful and cute description of life as a preteen. But just around the halfway mark the storytelling basically stops and there's nothing but hammer-blow-subtle messaging. If you agree with the message you may not dislike it as much but even you will have to concede the sloppy storytelling and dramatic shift in tone.
8 It's 2002 Toronto. Meilin is a 13 year-old Chinese-Canadian girl on the verge of adulthood. Her family cares for their temple honorable their ancestor who turned into a red panda to defend her family. One morning, she wakes up to find herself transformed into a red panda.This is a coming-of-age story from Pixar. It's fun. I love the characters. There is a realism in these characters. They feel very authentic. Aside from the supernatural, this is really a story of a girl trying to find her way through puberty and dealing with her mother-daughter relationship. There are no big name actors other than Sandra Oh which does give this a feeling of non-Hollywood. The Toronto locations are also part of that. This has plenty of fun while dealing with some real tween issues.
1 Straight out the gate this movie not appropriate for all ages and those involved should be ashamed for not giving prior warnings to parents. I have no idea what movie those scoring this highly were watching but it's certainly not the movie I watched.The main character is extremely arrogant and just not relatable or likeable and the mother is so far beyond controlling that she's a borderline psychopath and of course the father is just some overweight dude there for appearances.I've no idea what message this sends to kids but it's not that puberty is natural and part of life but that it's a bizarre rollercoaster and you can pretty much do anything you want when experiencing it.
2 I'm a sci-fi junkie and I can enjoy a stupid, mindless action flick. I still find Armageddon highly entertaining to this day. I'm the kind of person who loves these kinds of movies. Except when they're complete trash like this one.This movie is terrible and has almost no redeeming qualities. The only thing I mildly enjoyed was some cool-looking scenes of destruction. Even the space stuff, which is normally an automatic plus for me, added nothing. Maybe it's missing the feel of space that good directors like Christopher Nolan are able to capture. Or maybe it's because I didn't care about the story or the characters even a tiny bit.Speaking of characters... what characters? They're all cardboard cutouts. You have zero investment in any of them. They spew lines of atrocious dialogue that sound like they were written by a computer program.While watching this, I kept noticing different things copied from various movies. This is fine if the movie is well-made, or if the copying is just for a portion of the movie. But this movie is poorly-made, and the copying seems to make up the entire thing.And while each of the movies it stole from likely delved deep into that concept, this movie just throws it in there as an afterthought. There are so many useless side plots. These are things that could have worked if they narrowed it down and focused on a couple.This movie is really dumb. I kept trying to forgive the flaws and give it a chance, but less than halfway through I started laughing at the stupidity. I had to make sure I didn't laugh too loud in case someone was enjoying it somehow.Seriously, I can't emphasize how dumb this movie is. Throughout. And I don't just mean the science and lack of believability, I can get past that. But very simple things like, for example, when a character tells another, "You're the only one who believed me." And I think to myself, "Wait... WHAT??? He didn't believe you and had security escort you off the premises." The movie is jam-packed with this type of nonsense.In the end, if you can't, at the very least, deliver entertaining mayhem, then you have failed. (1 viewing, opening night 2/3/2022)
6 6/10 - with the visuals of a true space blockbuster, this B movie features nonsensical dialogue, many many charcaters that serve absolutely no purpose, and an absolutely insane third act...but nonetheless, it's fun.
1 Another Emmerich mess. A Big budget wasted in a sloppy execution and a handful of stars acting by paycheck won't save a hollow script. I wonder how many professional or talented amateur writers found their work denied and how on Earth (or Moon if you like) scripts like this are produced. Rubbish! And I'm not insulting anyone, I'm just judging what I saw.
7 Roland Emmerich likes to have fun and blow up large stuff. With Moonfall, he blows up the Moon itself! Well, sort of. If you want this film to make sense, to show artistic qualities or make you ponder important questions about the nature and origin of humanity, you're in the wrong place. Instead, you have to imagine Emmerich as a little child who was given toys and who creates a completely bogus story that uses all of them together to maximum entertainment effect. That is it. You either laugh your behind off and enjoy the show or this movie is not for you.
4 Jesus this was bad!  I can't imagine what the hell halle berry etc thought when they first read the script. They must have died laughing.Worse than The Meg with at least 2 random mentions of China to ensure distribution rights.If you accept this is terrible, have a few drinks and watch it with friends at home - drink every time they say 'moon'. Do not pay money to see it though.
3 It's been quite some time since I've seen a cast full of talented, well-regarded actors all give performances that are this terrible. To be fair, given this dialogue, I don't think any actor could have pulled off a good performance.This screenplay was written by guys who have never talked to another human being before. Every line of dialogue is contrived and laughably on the nose, with exposition delivered in a way that sometimes makes Marvel's Eternals feel like a masterclass of writing.The story has enough logical holes to fit the moon through. Convenience piles on top of convenience to make catastrophe possible, and then to help the characters survive the catastrophe. It's a script that can't withstand even the slightest amount of logical thought.Moonfall makes just as little sense as 2012, and the characters are just as dull. But, in a way, this film is the more disappointing one because of how much better it could have been.The character introductions and the setup for the emotional conflicts that these characters are experiencing with each other are actually compelling and somewhat competent. But the writers do NOTHING with these conflicts once they're established. Nobody learns anything; nobody actually overcomes anything or changes at all.Not that a movie like this really needs masterful character development, but it at least needs something, ANYTHING to make us care and want these characters to succeed. But there's nothing.Not even the visual effects are particularly good; they're certainly not bad, but no improvements have been made since the 2009 release of 2012, which looked groundbreaking at the time.Still, I didn't hate watching this. I found myself mesmerised at how the filmmakers were literally dropping the ball every step of the way. If that sort of thing gives you enjoyment, then see this on the biggest screen that you can!
2 Watching the trailer, I stuck with Zendaya's MJ's rule; 'Expect disappointment so that you can never really be disappointed.' Except that this was beyond worse than what we had imagined.I like the idea of the film, that the moon is a threat to humanity. It's different but that's the only excellent thing to say about it. Other than that, it's a threat to our IQ.The biggest fault with Moonfall is that it fails to project the most basic principle to making a good disaster film which is creating a sense of fear for the audience. It almost doesn't have any, resulting in a boring entry. I did not get scared or restless, it didn't connect with me on a deeper level and it certainly doesn't have a good story to keep us at the edge of our seat hence, I couldn't care less if anyone dies. I didn't have the urgency to follow all the important people trying to put a stop from the catastrophic event because they throw all stakes out the window just like the Fast & Furious franchise. The main characters are ordinary people built extraordinarily strong.Adding the grim fact that Moonfall includes aliens composed of A. I and technology while also trying to relate to the audience by making it realistic, it falls down to the bottom of the abyss quickly. It doesn't work like other alien-based films like Prometheus or War of the Worlds did where they succeed in creating fear, showing people panicking while sucking us inside the experience.Yes, we are supposed to surrender from the sheer silliness of it but how can we when we are made to believe that its law of physics and world principles should follow ours and they broke every threshold to the point that we feel like this is a spin-off of the Transformers franchise.This marketed end-of-the-world disaster flick film is extremely ridiculous, even if you suspend your disbelief, you would never get your head around the plot. Not because you're dumb, but because the movie is, and I mean REALLY, REALLY dumb. It's like it's been written by Roland Emmerich's son and his dad helped him by putting scientific jargons to make it believable. Only if it did.  And here I thought Independence Day 2: Resurgence was a trash, Moonfall is a shame to humanity's existence.Usually the end of the world presents seas of people running away, but Moonfall doesn't. It's a blockbuster movie about apocalypse and yet, it feels small at times. There even isn't that many shots that 'wow' us with horrific sceneries or powerful images like 2012 or The Day After Tomorrow. Even the CGI isn't all that good especially when a person is talking mid-shot and the CGI looks awful in the background.Now don't get me started with the cheap comedy. I'm confused whether it's intended to make us annoyed or laugh cause I didn't laugh one bit and neither did the audience I was with.I know loving or hating a film is fully entitled to a person's taste and opinion but this movie is so bad, I dare to say this; if you like the film, you are an immature person and you have a bad taste.Okay, maybe some of you are asking me to calm down as you're reading this but imagine the hundreds or thousands of scripts just stacking there in the room, unread because it's written by a nobody or it's got some minor English errors. And they chose this to be greenlit amongst those??? It saddens me that the political game of the Hollywood industry has come to this. Emmerich was a great director but his ideas have now diluted less and less.Verdict: Just when you thought Fast 9 is the most ridiculous film ever made, Moonfall steals the baton happily from its opponent. By far, the worst film of 2022.
1 1 star dialogue. "you do know how to start a car right?" she says. And he replies, "I should warn you, I had my license revoked." Smirk.Lets have a mission launch date and time, and then tell everyone to go home before it kicks off. Then find a solution 3 minutes later and everyone is disappeared and not available.A bad mix of 2012, Armageddon, The Core and other b rated films. Then make it worse. Talk about the wrong stuff. This is just terrible in all aspects.More great dialogue. "You can't be serious." "We didn't come this far to fail."
"There's gotta be another way."
"God help us all."The ending has to be rated on a 50 scale, as in 3/50. Seriously that bad.No wonder this director only gets to make a film every 5-8 years. Only 8 in 26yrs. And he happened to have something decent with Stargate and got a spinoff. Next movie out in 2030, I'll pass.
7 So if you want to enjoy this movie ,disable your brain for a few hours,and let it all happen.If you do that,you might have a good 2 hours,like I did.Yes it's popcorn Sci-fi ,and sometimes it's good to watch movies like this. Special fx are awesome and it is spectacular. No ,it will never get Oscar for acting or original script or whatever. That's a deep - in this movie.But,..hey! I had fun. My score 6.7.
4 It may seem far too early in the year to be claiming such things but it's going to take something truly special (seriously random) for my personal favorite final scene of the year to be anything but Moonfall's need to be seen effort.Without dwelling on that for any longer or entering in spoiler territory overload, it's onto the important matter at hand of exploring Roland Emmerich's latest city/landmark destroying blockbuster.To describe Moonfall as ludicrous, preposterous and utterly bonkers would be underselling just how out there Emmerich's big, dumb and even sometimes fun new film is, as while you may be expecting a typical astronauts and the government save the world from a hurtling towards the Earth Moon type of film, Moonfall goes to many an unexpected place that must surely make it a genuine contender for what will be one of 2022's most bizarre blockbusters.A director who has well and truly given up being anything his not, Emmerich's latest effort is very much cut from the same cloth as his most renowned blockbusters such as Independence Day, Godzilla, The Day After Tomorrow and 2012 and for anyone expecting any type of nuance to be present in Moonfall you're heading for a rude shock, as the films daft script, B-grade worthy performances and pointless/ridiculous plot points and characters litter almost every scene of the films two hour plus runtime.Thankfully it appears as though Emmerich and his cast that includes the paycheck collecting duo of Halle Berry and Patrick Wilson as NASA employees Jocinda Fowl and Brian Harper, Game of Thrones John Bradley as wannabe doctor and mathematician wizz KC Houseman and a few why even bother appearances from Michael Pena and Donald Sutherland all were on the same page with Moonfall's insane premise, meaning that there is fun to be had from watching Catwoman, Ed Warren and Samwell Tarley head to the moon to save humankind, especially as the films unexpected late acts take hold.If you as a viewer fail to get on the same wavelength as the film from the early stages its likely Emmerich's unrefined, loud and CGI infested event will quickly become a film that is hard too sit through, as there's little reason to recommend this film in such a content heavy time for films of all shapes and sizes but there's an argument to be made that these type of daft but knowingly so films have a time and place in our marketplace, despite there being no reason for it to exist outside of mindless entertainment.Final Say -One of Roland Emmerich's most out there carnage-filled blockbusters yet full of cringe and head scratching moments, Moonfall is even more crazy than one might've expected but provides the exact type of experience one would expect from a filmmaker that has long since passed the time where he tried to be anything that his not.2 Fuzz Aldrin's out of 5For more reviews check out Jordan and Eddie (The Movie Guys)
5 If you watch a disaster movie made by Roland Emmerich you get what you expect: big explosions, fine work by the special departments and a rather simple story with forgettable characters. Moonfall is no exception - get your coke and pop-corn, lay back and enjoy the show. But in the case you don't like that kind of big screen disaster movies, don't bother.
1 This film is feels like a parody of other Roland Emmerich. It honestly feels like Roland Emmerich saw F9 (2021) & he made this film just to say, You people think that F9 was a stupid film, you thought that was stupid crap, well guess what I'm going to make something even more stupid." This was 2-hours of stupidity that I chose to fast forward a lo t of the film just to shorter my suffering. Overall, Moonfall (2022) is an abysmal film & it's easily Roland Emmerich's 2nd worst film behind Godzilla (1998).
5 Being a Millennial, I can attest to our generation that it was a great time to be alive with "Independence Day" and "Godzilla" being some of our favorite tween-age blow-up-knock-down action movies to go see with our friends in the theater 3 times in the same day, with campy yet lovable characters like Will Smith and Jeff Goldblum. Those were the days. I still enjoy watching those flicks from time to time - not just for the nostalgia. They are still quite entertaining in their own right.Now we have "Moonfall" some 25 years later. Cut from the same construction paper, but more like pieces of old scripts from Roland Emmerich's late '90s writing room shredder taped together in hopes the characters and dialog would be usable in telling the grandiose destructo-type story instead of just talking props. Speaking of which, I give props to Halle Berry, Patrick Wilson, and John Bradley (who actually had a solid character to go with his style) for trying, but it simply wasn't enough.I've listened to commentaries and interviews with Emmerich and I personally think he doesn't have good instincts on how to put a balanced action film together since the mid 2000s (with the ID4 sequel, if you watch the deleted scenes cut what would've been the best and most meaningful scenes of the entire movie) with the aim of just going big and loud, using any means whatsoever. It works...until it doesn't. Action fatigue sets in frequently in this and many of his recent past movies. It's alarming when I am physically incapable of caring less about the world ending than watching these characters attempt to get from beginning to end - in fact, there was no palpable peril despite the entire earth getting properly f'ed up, we only see it in overhead shots of floods and earthquakes and meteorites (I think COVID may have had something to do with not being able to have scenes with dozens of extras on the ground clamoring over each other like in all other action flicks from the days of yore).However, the concept was intriguing and in my opinion, pretty great. It reminds me of Arthur C. Clarke's "Rendezvous with Rama" but with the Moon instead of a floating cylinder in space. I really did enjoy watching the last 20-30 mins or so play out after an hour and a half of random skipping around characters trying to hatch the plan to get us to that point while trying to make the audience like and/or care. If the script had half the heart and good campiness of something like "Independence Day", it definitely could have kicked my rating up a little.Wait for streaming.
2 I really can't express how much I hated this film. I went in with my brain turned off, expecting a dumb fun disaster film with some crazy fun set pieces. Instead the first hour was a dour slog with uninteresting characters, while the second half was utterly insane (in a bad way).The film's premise is simple. The moon is falling, can Earth surivive? But instead the film decides is going to try to offer a cerebral and complex backstory to the moon for some reason. In a 10 minute exposition dumb, Patrick Wilson learns that humans actually originated from a halo ring, but then ai rose up and took over nanoparticles to kill humans, so the humans made 1000 moons and flew them to different parts of the galaxy??? What?This plot twist is so dumb, immediatley after it happens, Wilson has to re-explain what he just learned to the other characters (and the audience who is clearly baffled).Meanwhile, there's a super dull survival plot on Earth with characters you don't care about. There's one mildly entertaining car chase which lasts 2 minutes tops.I can't describe how bad this film is. The only thing I liked were the cool cgi shots of the moon plummeting to earth and the asteroids.AVOID.
6 Emmerich - who you gonna hire when it comes to a movie of this kind and calibre? I mean one is almost tempted to say that he is doing one thing in different forms/movies. There are elements from so many other movies here. Be it in the characters or the themes of the movie. The important question though is: can you suspend your disbelief? And I don't mean just a little! I am talking about all the way here.And if you've done that, all the cliches come out and they will make you cringe. The characters feel like they have a story put upon them. You'll either find certain things gullible or plain offensive to your taste buds. The special effects are top notch, the dialog not so much. Many moments that feel ... lame quite frankly. The whole patriotism thing is to be expected - but that doesn't make it any better either. Michael Pena feels underused - I don't hate him - which may be just enough I reckon (pun intended).Patrick Wilson and Halle Berry are the ones that save the day (no pun intended). John Bradley may be the wild card - but he also is hit and miss. His character that is, he is trying his best I'd say. Just never critisize the conspiracy guy from Godzilla versus Kong ever again, if you actually love this character right here.Nothing more to say here other than it is quite rich, that Emmerich critisizes Star Wars and the MCU when he is unable to make a coherent Blockbuster of his own, that at times make Fast and Furious look like it's legit and realistic ... I know, right? But as you can see in my rating, I didn't mind too much ... or rather I'm being "kind" again - something I have been accused of a lot anyway.
3 Or give him a screenwriter. This is absolutely the biggest piece of trash yet. Extremely poor writing filled with cliches, trite comments, expected plots and the comic second banana. And the plot???? Gawd!!!!! The moon is hollow???? I spent part of the time. They've resusitated the characters for 2012 and INDEPENDENCE DAY and given them a new plot twist. It was so bad, I almost left halfway thru, (and I got in for free), but I decided to stay because I wanted to match the currect characters with those in the other films. Wait til it shows up on tv in 4 weeks and then for $5.99 groan with the friends and family. This is a stinker - 3 stars is generous!
2 Entertaining plot concept but either far too serious and too slow with not enough crazy or exciting moments or far too preposterous to be taken seriously. The special effects are sometimes spectacular but nothing new, the plot has major issues and the pacing is awful as it jumps back and forth between the different groups. The leads are ok, but the supporting character are poorly written and acted and the few jokes weren't funny.
1 What was this moronical madness? Lost in space? Et? Cocoon? NO! As they were all worth watching. However this mess is not. The acting is dead, a complete mismatch of actors and the storyline is beyond a joke. Then the same old USA saves the world via Hollywood but normaly with a good script, actors and possibly even a soundtrack, yet this farce missed all of them. And on that note it's a 1 and that's being so kind ..
5 Of course, those who are not picky will love it.But Roland Emmerich , previously with Dean Devlin and now solo, has always been a futile and superficial director in the treatment of these scripts. And it's a shame, because they are great plots, but they lack talent and brains in charge. And while the catastrophe genre is appealing and Emmerich likes to involve in it , he's like the party entertainer with jokes that only he laughs at.Looking at his resume, you can see that he has great intentions that he doesn't know how to develop. For those who remember, 2012 (Geez!), The Day After Tomorrow, 1998's Godzilla, Independence Day and even The Patriot are good examples of this. You watch it, enjoy it, but when it ends, you get that impression of "it could have been better" or "this premise promised much more". It's always the same thing.When I saw his name linked to the production, I was already thinking "Hey! Here comes bland food...".Verdict: weak. It gets a 5.0, just for some special effects. But the nonsense development of the plot and the mediocre solutions destroy the film's progress.
1 Cannot be a worse movie out right now. I tried three times to watch and finish the film. Couldn't do it - don't waste your time or money. I BOUGHT this movie to see it early. HUGE lapse in judgement on my part. It's simply unbearably bad. Not bad like the 1960s classic sci-fi films that were bad in a funny way. Just plain bad bad. 
5 In 2011, astronaut Brian Harper (Patrick Wilson) is able to save a space shuttle mission from an alien swarm. Back on earth, he is betrayed by fellow astronaut Jocinda Fowler (Halle Berry) and gets blamed for human error. It's ten years later. Brian is a shell of himself. Conspiracy theorist KC Houseman (John Bradley) discovers that the moon's orbit is deteriorating and headed for earth. He tries to recruit Brian to contact NASA.Director Roland Emmerich has woven a conspiracy theory into his brand of action sci-fi thriller. I like the potential. I even like the outlandish concept. The first half is a little clunky but I'm willing to go with it. The problematic writing does build up over time. It's his never-ending close calls and melodramas. It's the awkward sci-fi. The second half stumbles here and there until it falls flat. Roland is no longer that guy anymore. He's not making the big budget action thriller hits.
4 Sadly, this thing stinks. Your guess is as good as mine as to what is going on. Something about the moon being built by ancient aliens, who happen to be our very distant relatives. An a.i. Monster lives inside with bad intentions. I think that's it. Halle berry is miscast and i'm still waiting for michael pena to become a movie star. This turkey won't help. It looks expensive, though. Whether they get back the 140 mil budget looks doubtful.
4 Moonfall is a very frustrating and boring watch.It joins a long list of movies where a passable premise is tortured to death by the injection of dubious sci-fi, tired cliches, and uninteresting characters.Despite the best efforts of Halle Berry, Patrick Wilson, and John Bradley who each put in decent performances, the weak script could not be salvaged.The plot was bogged down by unnecessary human drama (two divorced adults and a joyriding teen are flung at us early doors), with none of this drama particularly compelling. The elements of the plot that were focused on the moon and the disaster element were better, but became increasingly messy and uninspired.A lot of the CGI was surprisingly bad for a big budget blockbuster. Some elements were quite cool, such as the shots of the giant moon looming over the horizon, but the rest was underwhelming.At only 2 hours long though, Moonfall thankfully doesn't become too self indulgent. It's a shame as I think there was a better film to be had here given the original premise. At the very least this film should have been a fun ride, but that wasn't the case.One to miss unfortunately.
2 Geez louise. I can't even tell you how awful this movie is. I like silly sci fi like the best of them but this was just down right stupid. It was so awful I didn't even think it was fun. This movie is disjointed with poor writing and poor acting. You would think it would be better than this considering these actors. I didn't care one bit for these characters and kept thinking the moon needs to crash and burn and put them out of their misery. Not even a good pop corn flick like many other silly sci fi movies ie, Armageddon, Deep Impact, Geo storm.......no this ignorant movie couldn't even come up to the level of those stilly movies were...Awful, awful movie. One of the worst I have seen for a while....
1 Do you know those movies that are so bad, they are good? This isn't one of them. This is just bad.But nothing beats. The Kaspersky logo on an Endeavour shuttle screen saying it is protecting the system.I'll give you a moment for that to sink in: an US space shuttle and flew from 1992 to 2011 has an internal system that not only runs Windows, but for some reason runs not only an antivirus, but one made by a Russian company.At least Catwoman is no longer the worse movie Halle Barry was in.
6 I liked Nightmare Alley at first. It's visually gorgeous and pulls you in with its ambience and bits of mystery. But at a certain point, where what I'd call the "second act" begins, I looked to see how much was left of the movie, thinking it was about the time in a noir when things really get going like a runaway freight train, and realized it was only half over!I felt pretty restless at that point, in spite of Cate Blanchett's pitch-perfect performance. It wasn't so much that less time should have been used up in the first act as that every single thing should have been shorter. This should have had the brisk quality of classic noir, instead of the slow boil noir here.The movie does finally go into runaway freight train mode almost two hours in, and that last part is intense and gripping and everything you'd want it to be, but really this whole movie should have been 90-100 minutes and a good finale doesn't erase the boredom I'd felt for most of the previous hour.Del Toro's a terrific director, the movie looks amazing, and Blanchett is phenomenal, so I won't say skip it. I will say, lower your expectations and don't count on something worthy of the best picture Oscar nomination this got.
5 I'm not a fan of the 1940s film noir version of "Nightmare Alley" starring Tyrone Power, so I was all in for a new crack at the material, even if there is a "huh?...why now?" element to the timing. But Guillermo Del Toro doesn't have much more luck with the material than the original and has made a bloated, artificial, and curiously inert movie out of it.The film looks gorgeous, let's get that out of the way. But it almost looks too gorgeous, like a a glossy magazine spread. The settings feel too stylized and artificial, as do all of the performances. Bradley Cooper isn't that great of an actor in my opinion, and he's not able to make a fairly one-note character very compelling. Rooney Mara is wasted window dressing. Cate Blanchett is the only person who got the memo that this is film noir material, and she plays her character to the hilt as a classic femme fatale. The problem is she's the only one who does, so her performance, while it's the most entertaining, feels cartoonish and like it should be in another movie. The film is also way too long for the slim plot. This is something that could have made a tight, tense, little 90-minute thriller but feels like something stretched by a director who doesn't know when to quit.And what is with Del Toro's obsession with throwing in such graphically violent scenes at the end of a movie that up to that point hasn't been graphic at all? Is it to shock us with the contrast? Because it pulls me out of the world of the movie. He has a fetish with showing people's faces literally caved in in gory detail, something he indulged in "Pan's Labyrinth" and again here.This movie is a misfire.Grade: C+
4 While visually captivating, the storyline left much to be desired. The characters were well acted but lacked depth. The story was anticlimactic and at no point made any sense. Forgettable.
7 Bradley Cooper burns down a house, then hops a rattler to a carnival someplace. Mostly keeping his mouth shut, he learns how to do a mentalist and spook act from David Strathairn, while boffing Strathairn's girlfriend Toni Collette and lusting for electric girl Rooney Mara. Strathairn croaks from bad booze Cooper gave him by mistake, he and Miss Mara shuffle off to Buffalo, where they do a mentalist act and, at the behest of psychiatrist Cate Blanchett he communicates with the dead for the rich and powerful.It's based, like the 1947 flop starring Tyrone Power, on William Lindsay Gresham's novel. It's a much more accurate telling of the story, not only for the stuff the Hays Office made them leave out, but the shocker of the ending. The visuals, as you would expect from director Guillermo del Toro, are impeccable, from the ghastly exhibits at the side shows, to the Biedermeyer decor of Doctor Blanchett's office -- clearly she studied in Vienna. Location shooting in Buffalo and nearby cities help. The color palette looks like late 1940s Fox Dramatic Technicolor: LEAVE HER TO HEAVEN.If there is a problem with this 150-minute movie, it's that it's edited too short. The first half, set at the carny, seems leisurely enough, until everything reappears at the end, showing it was all foreshadowing. The Buffalo sequence is edited so tightly that you can't figure out Miss Blanchett's motives, and the ending feels rushed. But I stayed through to the end, with nary a bathroom break, despite the urge.
4 As "Nightmare Alley" (2021 release; 150 min.) opens, we see the character played by Brad Cooper dump a body in a house foundation, after which he burns down the house and takes off. We later learn he is Stan Carslile. Stan ends up joining a traveling carnival where life is harsh, not to mention that it's raining non-stop, with everything and everyone soaked to the bone. Stan gets to know some of the others in the troupe. At this point we are 10 min. Into the movie but to tell you more of the plat would spoil your viewing experience, you'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments: this is the latest from Mexican writer-director Guillermo del Toro, whose previous film "The Shape of Water" won multiple Oscars (including Best Picture and Best Director). Here he brings us a remake of the 1947 film of the same name starring Tyrone Power (in turn based on the book of the same name). I haven't seen the 1947 film so I cannot comment how closely the remake sticks to the original. But what I can say is this: "Nightmare Alley" simply didn't do it for me., for a number of reasons. First, the movie's pacing is uneven, and I'm being mild. The first half of the movie, which sets up the second half, is far too long and could've easily been cut by at least a half hour without losing any of the film's essence. Not to mention that the movie's first half, centering around the traveling carnival, is just depressing to watch ("man or beast?", "the world's strongest man", you get the idea--straight out of "Freaks"). By the time the movie's second half comes around, I had pretty much lost interest in the main characters (played by Brad Cooper and Rooney Mara), but I gave it another go as in the second half we finally get to watch Cate Blanchett, but alas, it was too late for me. Yes, I watched to the end, but I wasn't moved or emotionally invested in any of it. Even though in spirit this movie is in the same sphere as "The Shape of Water", it's a completely different experience. I absolutely LOVED "The Shape of Water". Whatever extra ingredient that made "The Shape of Water" so outstanding is sadly lacking in "Nightmare Alley". The filming of the movie was suspended midway through for a good 6 months resulting from the coronavirus outbreak in March, 2020. I wonder if that ended up "ruining" the film's atmosphere, who knows. But in the end, I couldn't help but feel deeply disappointed with "Nightmare Alley"."Nightmare Alley" opened in theaters last weekend. The Christmas Eve matinee screening where I saw this at was attended so-so (about 15 people). As it is, the movie pretty much bombed at the box office in its opening weekend. Frankly, I don't this will last long in theaters, as for that the movie lacks the magic that lifted "The Shape of Water", not to mention that at a running time of 2 1/2 hrs., the movie is too long for its own good. Of course don't take my word for it, so I suggest you go check it out, be it in the theater (while you still can), on VOD, or eventually on DVD/Blu-ray, and draw your own conclusion.
5 Stanton Carlisle is a drifter with a talent for theatrics and hustling people out of their money. He lands a job at a carnival where he learns the essentials of mentalism from a pair of masters of the art. He also meets the love of his life and the two of them leave the carnival to take his act on the road. Then he meets a psychologist who sees through his faade.A film which on the surface had the potential to be a great psychological thriller. However, it doesn't come close to delivering on its promise. The set-up - Carlisle working at the carnival - takes far too long, resulting in the film feeling likes it's just aimlessly drifting. The carnival section isn't worthless - it shows Carlisle's character and skills, how he learnt his craft and the lengths he would go to in order to get ahead - but it is far too drawn-out.When Act 2 eventually arrives we're already an hour into the movie. I was starting to think of giving up but the introduction of the psychologist, Dr Lilith Ritter, immediately ups the tension and intrigue. However, even now things get drawn out. With my attention re-engaged I figured that I was in a for a thrilling, intriguing, tension-filled, twist-filled roller-coaster ride but the film pulls too many of its punches.Plot development is sedate and conventional and Instead of a great twist towards the end the film just peters out. In my mind I was contemplating all the decent, yet largely predictable, twists the film could follow yet the ending didn't even measure up to the most predictable of these.Disappointing.
7 Stanton Carlisle (Bradley Cooper); is a man trying to get by in late 1930s America in the new film "Nightmare Alley". Our first introduction to Stanton is less than flattering and he soon finds himself employed at a Carnival after coming upon it by chance.The eager Stanton is given advice and tools of the trade by his boss Clem (Willem Dafoe) as well as the mystic Zeena (Toni Collette) and Stanton eagerly wants to get ahead. While striking a friendship with fellow employee Molly (Rooney Mara); Stanton learns that Zeena's older and alcoholic husband has a skill from a former act where he learns to read people and use verbal cues to appear to have the power of clairvoyance.Eventually, Stanton seeks bigger opportunities and leaves with Molly for the city where they in time develop a successful act that offers them two shows a night at a fancy hotel and some of the finer things in life.Unwilling to be content with what he has; Stanton becomes involved with a Psychologist named Lilith (Cate Blanchett) and uses her knowledge to set up higher-profile marks who will pay well for his supposed abilities and in doing so; sets a dangerous chain of events into motion.The film is based on the 1946 book of the same name and an earlier 1947 film, and while it does an amazing job with the visuals and moody atmosphere of the era; it is a very long and slowly-paced film. The movie is over 2.5 hours long and comes across as overly long and self-indulgent as Director Guillermo del Toro could easily have shaved 30-45 minutes from the film and told the story without losing much.The cast and performances are very good but a slow-paced and dour film is not an ideal way to spend 2.5 hours at the movies no matter how much it has going for it. The movie does have some good points but I think it will do much better on streaming and home video where audiences can pause and take a break.If you are a fan of the Noir style of old; then this may be just what you are looking for, but I think it should have been so much more.3.5 stars out of 5.
8 Over the past thirty years, Guillermo del Toro has directed some of the most haunting movies: "Cronos", "Mimic", "The Devil's Backbone", "Pan's Labyrinth" and "The Shape of Water". He now adds "Nightmare Alley", a disturbing look at a man's overconfidence.Bradley Cooper plays a man who joins a traveling carnival but begins letting his belief in his own abilities get the better of him, especially after he starts associating with a morally ambiguous psychologist. Cate Blanchett's performance as the psychologist is what makes the movie, in my opinion. That and the production design create one of the most mind-blowing things that you'll ever see; it certainly earned its Academy Award nomination for production design.I don't know if I would call this the year's best movie, but it's one of the most impressive. Along with Cooper and Blanchett, Rooney Mara, Toni Collette, Willem Dafoe, David Strathairn, Mary Steenburgen, Ron Perlman, Richard Jenkins and a host of other people put on splendid performances. You should definitely check this movie out.
7 Greetings again from the darkness. Fans of filmmaker Guillermo del Toro anxiously await his new projects knowing full well that each will have a stylish atmosphere, a certain fantastical creepiness, and characters a bit outside the norm (whatever normal is these days). Beyond that, the mystique derives from whatever new approach the extraordinarily talented filmmaker will surprise us with this time. For his first follow-up to his Oscar winning THE SHAPE OF WATER (2017), del Toro and co-writer Kim Morgan have adapted the 1947 cult noir classic by director Edmund Goulding (starring Tyrone Power), which itself was adapted from William Lindsay Gresham's 1946 novel.Bradley Cooper (an 8 time Oscar nominee) stars as Stan Carlisle in what is a terrific opening sequence. We witness Stan leaving his past in ashes, then catching the first ride out of town, until he steps off and follows a dwarf into the heart of a carnival where sideshows and freaks are the attraction. Through this progression, Stan utters nary a word for quite an extended period. Soon enough, Stan has become part of the fabric of the carnival, thanks to Clem Hoatley (Willem Dafoe) giving him a job, and mentalist Zeena (Toni Collette) giving him more than that. Stan is a quick study and takes in Clem's history of "the geek", and more importantly, he absorbs all secrets and the code from the telepathy show Zeena and her alcoholic husband Pete (David Strathairn) constructed. They not only pass along their trade secrets, but also a warning to avoid "spook shows", which involves bringing up the dead for audience members.Stan takes to the con quite naturally, and soon he is teaming with 'electric girl' Molly Cahill (Rooney Mara) to fine-tune their own psychic shows. Their relationship grows and within a few years, the two are performing at swanky hotels for high-society audience. It's at this point where the movie transitions abruptly from the raunchy carnival setting with tattered tent flaps, floors of hay, and freaks and gadgets, to stunningly sleek Art Deco, fancy dress, and fancier words. One evening, Stan battles wits with an audience member, and his life path is altered again. Dr. Lilith Ritter (Oscar winner Cate Blanchett) is a psychologist who stays a step ahead of Stan, though he never realizes she has drawn him into her scheme, leading him to believe they are working together.For those who have not seen the 1947 film, you won't know that the central idea that folks need to believe in something is minimized, while Cooper's differing approach to the role will not matter. However, for fans of the earlier film, it seems clear his intentions are less sinister, and he merely views his new skill as a path to wealth. Additionally, his aversion to alcohol too obviously foretells a role in his ultimate downfall. Ms. Blanchett relishes her role as a most intelligent noir femme fatale, and at times, simply overpowers Cooper in their scenes ... although these scenes are gorgeous. This cast is absurdly talented and deep, and also includes Richard Jenkins, (Oscar winner) Mary Steenburgen, Holt McCallany, Clifton Collins Jr, Tim Blake Nelson, Jim Beaver, Mark Povinelli, Ron Perlman, and Peter MacNeil. Mr. Cooper and Ms. Blanchett are the featured performers, although my preference would have been more Dafoe and Collette.Perhaps the real stars of the film are the technical team members: Production Designer Tamara Deverell, Art Director Brandt Gordon, Set Director Shane Vileau, and Costume Designer Luis Sequeira. In fact, one of Ms. Blanchett's dresses is designed cleverly for one scene which reveals something from Lilith's past. It's rare for a film to offer two such contrasting and brilliant looks as what we see here with the carnival in the first half, and the Art Deco of the second. Nathan Johnson's music is a good fit, especially for the first half.Surprisingly, it seems as filmmaker del Toro has softened the edges of the characters and story for a more accessible film, though it still features less-than-admirable human beings. It lacks the final packaging regarding the reason the pieces are all related, and we never experience the nerve-jarring intensity of a true noir, though that final scene with Cooper and Tim Blake Nelson is stellar. The director seems to love the shadowy look and feel of the carnival and characters, and not so much the glossy bits of the second half. Still, how good is a filmmaker when one that is not his best work, is still at a level many filmmakers can only dream of? The letdown is like the "geek" job ... it's only temporary.Opening in theaters on December 17, 2021.
2 February 2022 From the filmmaker who's always looked for beauty in the grotesque and whose fascination with horror, fantasy, fairy tales & monsters knows no bounds, Nightmare Alley marks quite a departure from his earlier works. While the story features a dark premise and the imagery is infused with gothic flavours, it plays out like a straightforward neo-noir psychological thriller and is devoid of the supernatural.Co-written & directed by Guillermo del Toro (Pacific Rim & The Shape of Water), the first act does create an intrigue & mystery about our protagonist and what he may be up to but once the story departs from the carnival setting, the interest does start to fizzle out as it becomes evident where it's headed & how it's going to play out. It isn't necessarily a complaint but for a director of del Toro's calibre, more was expected here.On the technical front, the film scores high marks with its sumptuous production design that brings its period setting to life in splendid detail. Deft camerawork & amber lighting also add to its noirish tone and the decadent score enriches it some more. Performances are where it delivers the most valuable goods. Bradley Cooper is committed throughout, plus his act only gets better as plot progresses and he is strongly supported by the rest.Overall, Nightmare Alley is a perfectly fine example of its genre and will keep most viewers invested in its proceedings with its rich production value & impressive acting. However, the characters still remain distant for some reason and the story as a whole feels more or less underwhelming in the end. To sum it up, Guillermo del Toro's latest offering isn't without its charms and has a few neat tricks up its sleeve but nothing about it is original or refreshing.
6 William Lindsay Gresham's novel gets a second noir screen treatment following the 1947-Tyrone Power version about a self-described hustler in the 1930s who drifts into a traveling freak-show carnival after literally setting his past ablaze. The film has been crafted with style by director Guillermo del Toro (who also co-produced and co-wrote the screenplay-adaptation with Kim Morgan), but it is in no way a profound work--it's all flash. Many will no doubt add their lofty labels to the picture, but I saw it more simply: a rags-to-riches-to-rags melodrama, with a circular finish that didn't sneak up on me or shock me (it plays flatly). Bradley Cooper is solid in the lead role; it isn't a knockout performance, but then I'm not sure either del Toro or Cooper (who also co-produced) meant it to be. Cooper's Stanton Carlisle is, basically, a jerk--an opportunist who seems oblivious of his actions (which is just how Tyrone Power played him in the original). When one of the carnies dies of wood alcohol poisoning--from a bottle given to him by Carlisle, who had to sneak around to get it--we're not sure if this was intentional or a mistake or an act of mercy (the screenplay tries to have it all three ways). Carlisle is haunted--but is it by guilt...remorse...regret? He's an enigma, and a lot of moviegoers will have fun trying to figure him out. Two years after leaving the carnival, wherein he took a hopeful young woman he had emboldened with him, Carlisle has come up with a mind-reading act that he performs with his wife in fancy supper clubs; this is where he comes across Cate Blanchett as a poison-beauty psychologist (and we hardly needed to see Stanton's treacherous tarot card reading to understand she will lead to his downfall). "Nightmare Alley" has a striking Art Deco and snow-swept design that is giddily beautiful--you can enjoy the film purely on visual terms--but the story gives up on itself at a crucial point in the picture. Yes, everything has to go wrong--that's the trap of the "Nightmare"--but the actions of the characters (particularly Rooney Mara's good-girl, Molly) are infuriatingly stupid. Why everyone suddenly has to become hysterical and the plot to lose its logic to get us to that ending is beyond me. It felt like a slap in the face to see the house of cards come down this way. I'm sure all the talents involved thought they were giving us a delicious, twisty plot that would also make us think, but when the people we've been watching and have become absorbed by start acting foolish just to push things along, I sense a calculated and mechanical process behind the imagery. Is the film worth-watching? I would say yes, it's above-average, but it leaves one feeling bitter and used, and I'm not sure if or why del Toro was aiming for such a response. It's a fever dream, but the details don't add up and the action stops making sense. I wanted to feel exhilarated by the protagonist's comeuppance, but the filmmaker apparently wants our sympathies too and it doesn't wash. **1/2 from ****
6 3 out of 5 stars.Nightmare Alley is a fair psychological thriller film that may not be Guillermo del Toro best film. It does have a neo noir direction and a story of a carny getting mixed up with a psychiatrist that may not be who she seems and him pretending to be a medium. Decent plot. The script and direction is slow and boring. The cast ensemble is good with great performances led by Bradley Cooper. The film is quite forgettable.
7 Like all of Del Toro's films, Nightmare Alley is a visual feast. The production design and cinematography transported me into his grim and glossy dystopian vision.Also, the acting is some of the best I've seen in one of Del Toro's movies. Bradley Cooper gives perhaps his finest performance, and he sells every unsettling moment of this horrifying cautionary tale as his character is consumed by the consequences of his pride.The best moments in this story really are some of the best scenes of the year, and they will stick with me for some time to come.The film's biggest weakness is it's obviously bloated runtime. The second act really meanders and focuses on romantic subplots without giving us reasons to believe that the characters fall in love. A great deal of material should have been either explored more or cut altogether. As it stands, the center of this story is woefully half-baked.Still, the production design and performances alone make this worth checking out. It really is something to behold.
4 This is marginal at best. Slow for sure, and at 2.5 hours long is just way too drawn out. This is not some masterpiece that needs an extra hour to setup the boring ending.Lots of extra scenes, filler and added characters to try and distract the audience into believing that they are seeing something impressive. The acting is decent enough, but awards?? I guess in the drain ditch of 2021 movies in which most are trash this rises to the top.I'd be fine if everyone just skipped the 2021 award season and called it a mulligan. Nothing was done with patience and execution and most writers just whipped up something quick and easy for a payday. This is just more of the same.
8 Great cinematography, acting, and well built story. A bit slow and somehow predictable, however worth it the time and the story and characters stay with you after leaving the theater.
3 I generally haven't been a fan of most del Toro movies. I like his style and how out-there his movies try to be. But for the most part they don't land for me. So take this review for what it's worth.I was enjoying this movie for a while. It's generally well-made with good performances, especially Cooper. But the story doesn't progress in any kind of intriguing way. I started getting bored. And by the end, it doesn't really amount to anything. So many parts of this movie go nowhere. I felt completely unsatisfied and was happy to leave the theater. (1 viewing, 12/23/2021)
2 So, I've just came back from seeing this film & have to say I didn't have any expectations. Well, I thought this to be a Horror Film upon hearing about it, but was disappointed after seeing it.The film sees a down-on-his-luck drifter named Stanton Carlisle, who during 1940's New York, endears himself to a clairvoyant and her mentalist husband at a traveling carnival. Using newly acquired knowledge at the carnival he arrived at, Carlisle crafts a golden ticket to success by swindling the elite and wealthy & gains wealth from doing so. Wanting his big break, he plans to con a very dangerous tycoon with help from a mysterious psychiatrist who might be his most formidable opponent yet.I found the film to be pretty boring. The story, while simple, you can't make ends meat with unless you read what the film is about which even then can be forgotten as there's no obvious or should I say clear narrative to keep the audience invested. The films dragged out pacing & runtime don't help with this as like I said above, you could read what the film is about & then forget as the film drags on. The film could've been nearly an hour shorter. The film is a staggering 2 hours & 21 minutes long.The film itself is boring & lacks any action or scenes to, like the story, keep the audience invested & interested. The action we did get was good however but too few & far between. The ending was a bit weird but not too bad. The acting, dialogue & script were alright, but lacked impact, except the action scenes, they were good.Overall, it's a 2 hour & 21 minute bore of a film that lacks a plot to speak of & lacks action or anything interesting to keep the audience invested & interested. The films sluggish pacing & overloaded runtime combined with a thin plotless incoherent narrative just makes this one of the worst films of 2022.2/10.
8 Amazing character study n top notch screenplay.Inspite of the 140 mins runtime, i never got bored.The Stan in this version definitely didn't deserve any mercy but at the same time we feel sad for him due to his traumatized childhood.
7 LIKESThe Classy Dialogue:
This movie's plot takes place in the 1940s, a different time of talking, culture, and survival instincts that we only can get a glimpse through storytelling. Nightmare Alley manages to help grab the class associated with the high society of the times and how one must speak in the line of Stanton's work. It's an art to designing the lines of not only the past, but also of the high profile of these characters and they did a marvelous job with executing the mannerisms and terminology required to bring the world to full light. It may seem small, but somehow that manner of speaking is a core component to the characters and helps set a lot of the mood for the climactic points of the movie.The Setting:
For a movie all about the dark entrances of the human psyche and manipulation, one has to set the stage for the "hero" to play in. Nightmare Alley accomplishes the goal for me on taking us back into the past where the carnival was a key element of life for entertaining the imaginations of the people. The setting in all acts is beautiful, attention to detail laced in the historical settings of the carnival and the niche that it provided for those down on their lucks. From the visualization of the under stages, to the harsh reality of life during the nights in those tents, you really become immersed in the microecosystem that carnivals were. Eventually the second act sets a new stage and again, the immaculate design of the buildings is gorgeous in the architecture that was once used during those times. The furniture, the clothing, and heck even the radios that were key to entertainment, all hold that antiquated appearance and help pull you into the deceitful world of Stanton's art.The Acting:
Again, a wonderful performance by many of the casted characters, and truly one of the hardest lifters of the tale. Nightmare Alley's star is of course Bradley Cooper, who manages to give another quality performance in the tragic case of Stanton Carlisle. Cooper has seemed to master the art of playing a convoluted character, a realistic human who gets placed into many opportunities and has to make a choice as to what path he will take. That evolution of the character into what he becomes seems to be easy for him, and he does a great job of giving all the emotional running required of him, really being the anchoring point of cast of characters. Cate Blanchett is back in a comfortable role for her, one of elegance, charm, and that dark class of something brewing within her that she sells so naturally. Blanchett's usual anti-hero demeanor from previous works fit very well int his tale, and alongside a wonderful look in the fashions of the time, she fit comfortably in her character. For Collette, the woman seems to have a niche with the darker tales, and this role can be described as Hereditary's bizarre belief with the realistic touch she had in Knives Out. I quite enjoyed her character's inclusion in this movie, a potential piece that held so much sway over Stanton's character, but not in the political way we see movies, but more of a natural character who was just living life. Colette's investment in making such a run of the mill character really stand out without the cheese factor, is something I applaud her for and only wished we had gotten more time with her during the second act. Yet another actress who should get top billing is Rooney Mara, the wonderful actress was hands down my favorite character of the film, who danced with Stanton through much and again had her own changes taxing her moral compass. Mara's work at being subtle and just living life through her character is stunning, and I loved that they utilized her natural beauty and grace in a role that was not extreme in either aspect. Again, I would have liked more time with her, but what time she does have paints the more angelic nature of the film for those who like a little light in their darkness.The Story Planning:
I have not seen the original, nor read any material it is based on, however for a movie by itself, this reviewer appreciates the wonderful planning involved in the detail. Like a lower key Ocean's 11, Nightmare Alley manages to give you a tale that shows just how Stanton became the person he became and uses a few styles that match what a first rate novel accomplishes. The first act is all about him learning the trade and the relationships he formed, while the second is all about the trade's application and how he made it his own, with many pieces explained and smoothly interspersed to make a linear tale easy to follow. Meanwhile, the pasts of many of our characters are baked in as well, sometimes in the form of a flashback, and other times naturally thrown into the conversation for us to pick up on. The writers of the book and screenplay managed to marry both worlds well and I quite enjoyed the level of writing the movie held.The Visuals:
We are not talking about the setting or costumes in this moment, but instead the camera and lighting that del Toro has integrated into his vision of the story. As always, the man plays with darker tales of humanity and his visuals also seem to dance around with these concepts as he brings the psyche part to life. From the eerie colors and ominous grey filter set over the moments of the carnival, to the polished and naturally lighting that other buildings bring, the lighting almost tells the tale better than the acting at times. And when key moments arise, he manages to get the right shot and lighting pallet to unleash the full momentum of the scene and give you the emotional kick that you just never knew you needed.DISLIKES:The Predictability:
Despite all the elevation of the dialogue and the class, the tale was very predictable for me, lacking little twists and turns. The foreshadowing makes the direction so obvious, including the ending that I had down by the last thirty minutes of the movie. I had hoped for a little more of that del Toro intervention to help get that awe factor into the film, but that may have deterred from the source material too much.More Time With Other Characters:
This is a film about one man's dive into the "mental reading" components that were famous in the 1900s and they indeed do accomplish that task. Yet, there are several characters I would have liked more time in their perspective or more working with them than what we got. Toni Collette is of course the first one I mentioned earlier, and given the alluring character she played, I was hoping for some more time in her work with Cooper given the chemistry they were showing. While they did use her to great potential, I feel there was more that she did and hated seeing it cut out for all the other tales in this film. Mara as well could have had some more moments from her perspective, minor given how much he was ingrained in the second act, but still something was missing to fully link the bricks and drop the hammer on the tale. Yet, the biggest disappointment for me was Blanchett's use in this movie. For someone with top billing and the synopsis plot being there, she really is not the most utilized of the bunch for me and was surprised there was not more done with the power house of an actress that she is. I'll give them the scenes they invested held the power and mind games promised, but she was very much an accessory, with limited time on her shots happening from the shadows more than really investing into the moment. Quite disappointing to be honest and I would have liked to see more of her involvement on screen than off, especially with how fast the ending occurred. Speaking of whichThe Pacing:
Hands down the worst element of the movie for me is the pacing, particularly how slow the movie feels as time drags on. In the first act, it is not so bad, merely stuck in a few elements of time, but for the most part keeps things going in the study of the act. Sure, there are moments that are a little glazed over, or missing, but the tight focus on getting to the second act keeps it fine. It's that second act that really slogs through the mud, a convoluted mess of visits, walking through hallways, and these teases with Blanchett's character that slowly just circle to the obvious conclusion coming. It lacks the finesse of the carny scene, utilizes its characters to a weaker level, and by the final number has bored so much with the jargon I was starting to fight sleep to stay invested. Then the ending happens, and suddenly things are hastily sped through, and that full moment of the scene is sort of lost and underwhelming, ending on an artistic note that may not be as welcomed.The VERDICT:Nightmare Alley accomplishes much in the way it tells the story and the visualization of ta human nature tale with a slight "thriller" element to it. The writing is classy and layered to capture the high society and jargon of the time periods, with natural integration of story into human conversation. Acting wise, it holds a lot of fantas.
9 Sometimes you just know ... maybe not consciously, but you just seem to know ... for better or worse. And Bradley Cooper (or rather his character) probably just knows ... but I am getting ahead of myself. The movie is a visual feast - I think everyone can agree with that. If you have seen at least one other movie from Del Toro, you already know that.What I have not done (yet), is see the other Nightmare Alley movie that exists. I imagine that it is quite different than Del Toros version, but it may lead to the same place. So if I watch it, I will be aware of that ... and we're back to square one. No pun intended.Great actors with great performances round the picture here - again no pun intended. Especially the lead role that some if not most viewers should have (or take) issues with. He takes his sweet time to talk ... but that is not even close to an issue I am refering to.The ending is quite amazing - in a movie where you may have problems to root for any character in this ... it still will punch you where it hurts or at least will leave you stunned. Crazy times and crazy yet slightly funny anecdotes along the way ... I once was lost, but now I am ... well what am I? A good question and one that may get the right answer in this movie ...
5 I didn't know what to expect but this was not it. It was neither a nightmare nor anything from an alley. I feel like a lot of money was spent for nothingness. 5 for production value only.
6 This is one of del Toro's worst films to date. It was way too long, stuffed with endless muddled filler, and for what little (underwhelming) substance there was, the slow pacing made it that much more unrewarding. I kept waiting for the convolution to end, and to start seeing some cohesive and suspenseful storytelling. But nope, just slow ongoing melodramatic boredom - for a ridiculously long 150 mins. The only thing this film had going for it, was the all-star cast and their excellent performances, as well as the great cinematography and outstanding sets, wardrobes, and stunning visuals. It's a 6/10 from me.
7 Stanton Carlisle (Bradley Cooper) disposes a body by burning it inside an isolated farm house. He rides the bus to the end of the line and there, he finds a traveling circus owned by Clem Hoatley (Willem Dafoe). He joins the circus. Zeena the Seer (Toni Collette) is taken with him but he's more interested in Molly Cahill (Rooney Mara). He learns the tricks of the trade from Zeena and her drunken husband Pete. In time, he and Molly leave the circus. They become a successful seeing act and then Dr. Lilith Ritter (Cate Blanchett) challenges them.I'm so dumb. It's not until the plot completes its loop when I realized that this is a remake and I already saw the 1947 version. Before then, I kept thinking that the movie would be better to stay in the circus. Like the original, the ending really packs a poetic punch. Director Guillermo del Toro's style cannot be denied. Cooper has his boyish charms. This is a worthy remake.
1 This cast was not needed for this film and people are saying that films are bombing unless they're big budget marvel films or action films which is NOT correct. The movie audience is changing its habits unless it gets glowing word of mouth or a realistic vision of what they're seeing they'll skip it in the theater and wait to stream it. We wished we would have waited. This is the 1st Guillermo del Toro film we didnt give a 9 or 10. The twists were extremely predictable and boring the ending we saw coming a MILE AWAY!! I'm shocked that Guillermo del Toro thought this was a great movie and that it had a WOW ending. It's no shutter island it's not even knives out it's a boring orient Express. Pass on this overrated boring film and see something worthy of paying theater prices. Wow really let down WE'RE HUGE GUILLERMO DEL TORO fans!! Hoping Pinocchio is back to his great directing.
5 There is no doubt Guillermo Del Peter Jackson is talented. He is cinematic royalty with cinema nerds. Because his references run deep. A lot better buried than Tarantino.The production design is outstanding and should earn a nomination.Here we have a very extended EC Comics "Tales From The Crypt" flick that is unpleasant in the pre-just-about war era. Though Bradley Cooper plays the schlub perfectly fine Del Toro seems to want his cake and eat it too. Cooper plays a nice fellow here but also a hustler. Because he tells us so. Doesn't exactly mbefore. So. He's a very talented opportunist. Given the circumstances of the world, it seems he isn't any different than anyone else. We are assume he knows how to grift people but also struggles to a be a good man to a sweet sideshow electro girl (Rooney Mara). That may sound like a complex character but none of it bodes well when the final comeuppance falls on him. There is nothing aggregious he actually does to earn the ending. Well, depending on how you view justice.This movie is also very deeply cynical. Not sure who Brad's main nemesis was, himself or a psychologist he meets. They both seem to want to play the same game. She just doesn't seem to be that effective in the story though she is integrated a bit. We know less after than before
overall, just a very flat film. Take it or leave it.
7 Somehow I feel like this movie isn't finished. I see a lot of great work, and good ideas. But the story feels unfinished. This is most notible when we have the highpoint of the conflict in the last scene of the 2nd act. And this conflict is resolved the very next scene. And I can't help but feel that this story had so much more to explore. I could have seen this movie surpas coco, with it's more original story, but alas.7/10: great but had so much more potential.
5 The animation is beautiful, bright and colorful. The voice acting was wonderful. The storyline was okay. Too much singing. I know I sound horrible saying that, but I wished they could've toned it down with the singing. My young sons were a little bored and I was too. I mean, it's a very nice movie, don't get me wrong, but it's not a 10-star movie in my opinion.
4 This is a wonderfully well animated adventure, but why has the young girl a voice of a middle-aged lady?!And many such odd choices that makes it just so-so, sadly!
8 Disney Animation hasn't impressed me in recent years because they've been more concerned with making films about flawless, marketable characters and it's really hindered their ability to take risks and tell interesting stories. Encanto is a step in a much better direction. In fact, it's probably the closest to a Pixar film that the studio has produced since Zootopia. There's a theme at its core and the film sticks to it. If you can look past the "it's magic just because" element that's per the Disney fairy tale norm, Encanto is a strong, character-driven story about the drawbacks of perfection and how having high expectations and ignoring flaws is destructive behavior. The focus is on the characters and how they aren't the perfect angels they think they are.It's like a subtly honest self-critique of Disney's most recent projects. A villain isn't needed, flawed characters are what's paramount to telling an effective story. The characters in Encanto have insecurities and prejudices to overcome and they work past it together through heartfelt writing and plenty of passionate musical sequences with a refreshing cultural touch. I can't say the songs are especially memorable given Disney's enormous history - some of the segues are a bit awkward, too - but they further the story, show how the characters feel and burst with plentiful color, emotion and distinctive visuals by an ensemble of characters bearing unique quirks. This is the power of a musical and even though it's not Disney's greatest lineup of songs, the effort still shows. Encanto is very enjoyable. Here's hoping it's the beginning of a new era for Disney Animation. More passion, more inclusivity, better stories.
5 I enjoyed the visual effects and the colors but I never really seemed to grow to care for any of the characters other than Mirabel. Plus there once again were no real villians in this movie. It's almost as if Disney in these ridiculously woke times is afraid to make a bad guy. So many of their movies are about a female who is outcast or in the shadows of her peers and finds herself. It's just really overdone.A few things were predictable...one, the moral. I could tell about 30 minutes in that it was going to come down to the family appreciating what they have in each other without the magical gifts.Another was how everyone would love Mirabel and think she's the glue that holds the family together.And lastly I could tell Bruno would be welcomed back from the beginning.Some complaints I had with the story...the songs, personally to me were not catchy, and were sung waaaay too fast. I was not able to understand the vast majority of the lyrics.Two, I just felt the story was rushed. One of the daughters was getting married and suddenly Luisa is throwing a church down with her strength...was just like what's going on here...
Three, I found it hard to like much of the family because they all seemed to love their gifts so much, as if they were nothing without them. Only the kid with the animal gift was likable. And they cast out their own brother because his gift revealed the future. Horrible people.I was disappointed with the ending...Mirabel tells her grandmother the miracle was because of her. No, it was because of her grandfather sacrificing himself actually. And when the magic came back to the house...it just projects that the family will once again take it for granted. I was really hoping it wouldn't return.Just not the best Disney movie. Wasn't horrible, but could've been much better in my opinion.
4 RATED 4/10
Language: English
Source: HotstarThe movie started very good and the magics are eye candy... its all over in first 15 mins, after that it is run off the mill story and animation... the remaining script can be written in the back side of the cinema ticket. The climax is so pathetic, even for kids - I believe.Easily skippable one...
5 Remember in Aladdin when time stops and Jasmine starts singing and we are supposed to know its happening inside her mind...Well the same thing happens here except at the end of the vision other people react to it. Which makes no sense at all.This happens a lot of times in Encanto...actualyl thats all it does. That is the whole movie and its a weird one. Songs spoken in words thats not really singing...Both these are repeated throughout the film and its just the same thing over and over again.Without the motion this movie would be terrible. In every scene lots of things are happening just for flare and without this i do not think the movie would have done so well.
5 Very interesting idea but boring and not so magical execution. Wasted potential. Flat story and predictable. Songs are forgettable. No Disney magic here.
2 How did this get past anyone in charge? What was going on? A young girl, who is part of a family that became magical in the past for no apparent reason, is the first descendant not to be bestowed a power in a coming-of-age ceremony. As such she is merely tolerated by the rest of magical family that she tries to please in her normal way. Then the magical house that is in their enchanted idyll suddenly begins to break apart for unclear reasons and this "normal" daughter must fix things. Honestly I was totally unclear as to why most people were the way they were, what was going on, and the songs were terrible. Lost interest long before the end. A feeble effort and one I will never watch again.
4 Encanto, the latest misfire in Disney's increasingly dull catalogue, props up a bland story about a simple family dispute with lots of colour and spectacle, but very little in the way of real conflict or emotional stakes.Some people have praised the film's writers for ditching the typical hero vs villain narrative and instead making the conflict about familial relationships, but for me this was not executed well enough. The source of tension in the Madrigal family appears to be superficial and petty. We're to believe that the reason the house is crumbling is because Abuela is putting so much pressure on her family to uphold their roles as magical village protectors, they can't cope with the expectation. That's it? They just need to hug it out and realise their worth to each other as a family, then -boom- cracks are mended, the magic is restored? This is in a nutshell the entire story, but we have to wade through nearly 2 hours of bland exposition and flat song and dance numbers to get there.One reason for the rift seems to be the infamous renegade Bruno -who no one wants to talk about- abandoning them. However the reason for him running away is not at all believable. The family understand Bruno's gift is predicting the future, so why would they blame him when those visions become true? Had he willfully done something reckless or selfish to hurt the family, then I could buy his guilt and the family's resentment toward him, but the writers try so hard NOT to make anyone look like an agitator that most of the conflict feels contrived. It's just too damn friendly, all of the time! I want drama and fights, not constant apologising and hugging.Also, big plot-hole: Why can the girl with extraordinary hearing not hear Bruno living inside the walls??The syrupy ending where the magically giftless Mirabel realises -no surprise to anyone- that she IS the gift after all is predictable and trite. It's full of tender closeups and teary voice acting, but none of it feels earned. As a grown man who still gets a lump in my throat watching the Lion King or Land Before Time, I found myself totally unmoved and annoyed that I'd invested time for such a hokey reward.Then there are the songs. Disney has created some gorgeous music in the past which transcends all ages and stands the test of time. Encanto falls into the trap of making songs appeal to a certain generation, with very modern pop rhythms and lots of choreographed stagey dancing. None of the songs are memorable and they replace poetic expression for bland soliloquizing where characters spell out exactly how they feel in rapid tongue-twisting bursts that are often hard to understand. The sequences are technically marvelous, but they feel like disconnected moments in the story and altogether pointless. Compare the songs in Encanto to any of the Oscar-winning Disney songs of the last four decades and it's painfully obvious how inferior they are.The worst thing about Encanto is that despite all its failings, it will likely win the Oscar simply because it has a "nice message" and ticks the "diversity" box. A Latin story with a fully Latin cast, how progressive! When these things become more important than making an engaging film, you are set up for mediocrity.
5 Convulted with too many characters... too many songs that could have been 2 lines in the movie. That strong girl song was hard to watch "drip drip drip" my teeth breaking from cringe. I wasn't attached to any of the characters enough for the emotional payoff to hit very hard in the end (which it had the potential for). They made sure to tell us that the strong girl and the perfect girl were more than their gifts but then never showed us what that was.. shes...not...perfect all the time? She doesn't want to be strong all the time...Bruno and the concept of foresight is always interesting...unfortunately a small part of the movie.
3 It's nice enough - some lovely animation, brilliant saturated colours etc. At least two really good songs, but as I'm accustomed to the best of Disney animation, this one really doesn't hold up to the standard of the classics. I'm thinking things like Pocahontas, The Little Mermaid etc.The story feels like it was written by committee, a really big committee!It feels like nobody on the writing team got anything close to what they wanted (the danger of writing as a committee, naturally). Overall it's some kind of nonsensical mish-mash, I'm not really certain what story they were trying to tell. Perhaps something like 'old people are mean, and young people try too hard to please'. Who knows?Quite watchable, but definitely does not live up to the hype. Nothing new to see, and in the end it's quite unsatisfying because the story was just nonsensical and the stakes never felt particularly high, unlike the aforementioned Disney classics.
7 I interpreted "Encanto" to mean that one's strength is not determined by traditions or other people's understanding of strength. Strength is about knowing the ethical thing to do, even if it challenges tradition.And of course, it's good to see the depiction of a woman who isn't defined by her relationship to a man. Impressive movie.
5 The movie was not terrible but it was not good either. The songs were not that good in my opinion and sometimes too long. The characters were decent enough too keep you watching but not so special. They were too many and none on them were treated as they could. There was also room for some drama and conflicting situations that for some reason the story did not want to touch like for example they could make that the grandmother steal the main character power in order to protect the family or something like that. The ending was also bad because There was no reason for the family to get their powers back, as in the previous song they learn to move on without them. That would have leave us with a powerfull message like the union of a family is the true gift and that powers are not that important. Instead they got them back and that made the ending much more boring. The jokes were good after the first half of the movie.Aside from the animation the film fell short on every other aspect.
3 Encanto is a huge disappointment. The premise is pretty great: A family where everyone has magical powers, except one person (the protagonist, Mirabel).But, that's the end of the good part. The potential that premise sets up is left completely unfulfilled. Everything is _so weak_ about the writing. To state a few examples:
the reason why the family got their magic is not explored.the reason abuelo is killed is not explainedwho killed abuelo is not revealedThe magical powers itself are really weak too. The family could have had some really cool magical powers (the fantastic 4/incredibles, anyone?), but instead they get... "making flowers"? Rain clouds over Pepa's head? (compare that with Storm in X-Men). Even with good superpowers, for example, the shapeshifter (similar to Mystique in X-men), the power is only used to be goofy. The animal talker & Dolores is the only one with a good superpower that is somewhat well-used. Even the mother's superpower (healing others) is not consequential at all.Even the set up for conflicts is so weak, and the intra-familial relationships are left woefully unexplored.The movie had great animation, and great potential but ends up being a complete waste of time due to abysmally poor writing.
5 It had almost everything. Diversive cast, excellent Animation and style, good songs(although they went a bit overboard). But the script was weak and predictable. I was bored by the end of the movie. The story felt so contained, fixed to that single location and the powers of the family members didn't come into play in the story later on. . A subplot where 'the family went on an adventure to retreave something and defeating someone' would have helped the movie's script. 6/10.
7 Encanto is a creative movie featuring beautiful and vibrant animation. However, the story feels a little underdeveloped. While there are some magical and emotional moments, it seems as if they didn't know how to end the movie. The lack of a strong villain also makes this movie a little less compelling. Nevertheless, the music is fun, and we enjoyed watching Encanto together as a family.
5 Sure the animation and technical aspect is 10/10 but I guess you have to rate a movie based in the "movie" part of it. What lacked for me was the surprise. Feels like you know the ending from the start and the journey to get thee is a little too forces. The music is nice but sometimes a little out of place and almost it's there so the sake of it being there. LMM music is great but here it lacks to gel with the story. Maybe a little too targeted at kids.
6 I think this movie does what it set out to do, maybe not much more. It is cute, entertaining and has some ok songs. I am not too much into the theme but I guess it could really appeal to some. The plot is very predictable and not very engaging but hey that is pretty standard for this type of film.
9 Encanto is another Incredible Disney animated movie that continues their winning streak with a fun, extremely vibrant and emotional film that also has great messages and mature themes, even if the narrative is predictable.Stephanie Beatriz gives an incredible lead performance and Mara Cecilia Botero, Diane Guerrero, Jessica Darrow and John Leguizamo all give great supporting performances.The direction by Jared Bush, Bryon Howard and Charise Castro Smith is superb, it's constantly visually inventive and extremely well paced. The animation is reliably perfect, ridiculously colourful and consistently visually stunning. The songs by Lin-Manuel Miranda are excellent.
6 There's not a lot of films out there that feel far quicker than their actual run time but this 1 hour 42 minute film sure did feel more like a 60 minutes. This shows the pacing was good but the filmed lacked substance leaving me underwhelmed when the credits rolled having me say "Is that it?!"TLDR at the bottom.Encanto follows Mirabel in a world where her family all have their own powers but she, for some reason, didn't get any powers and it's this narrative of she is being the one to be responsible of keeping the magic alive within the world. It's here where the substance lacks: there is no satisfying or significant character journeys throughout the film but the beats in the narrative did give goosebumps at times. The cast give an excellent voice acting performance for the beautiful animation, but we don't really spend enough time with any of the characters to get to know them really.Encanto is propelled more by it's striking, vibrant, vivid visual colour palette and the songs by none other than lyrical genius Lin-Manuel Miranda. When he's involved you know to expect more upbeat, feel-good beats with lyrics that directly push the narrative forward as opposed to just being alongside it. Moana had catchy, great songs that would be stuck in your head and unfortunately, I cant say the same about the songs in Encanto. They are fantastic songs and during the film, I'd even argue better than the tracks in Moana, but it's after I walked away from the film that I had forgotten about the songs, the beats, the lyrics. It just didn't stay with me, but it elevated the film in places it needed to be.However, the visuals when watching the songs playout on screen were b-e-a-utiful. Some scenes placed our characters in front of black backgrounds which allowed all the colours popping in the foreground to be more in your face, whilst other scenes had the whole frame plastered with flowers, or buildings, or just a warm energy throughout. The vibrancy of the colours that we are showered with throughout the film gives the film that feel-good factor.Overall, I did enjoy the film, but I walked away knowing the songs were great, even though I couldn't remember the tunes of any, the performances and visuals were fantastic, and I walked away unfortunately feeling underwhelmed.P. S. The message conveyed in this film was subtle but a nice one at that.TLDR: Visually spectacular film with great songs but little substance.
2 I really thought I would like this film a lot more but it didn't grip me at all. Doesn't have a patch on Luca or Coco from recent years. The only reason I gave it 3 starts out of ten is that the main character is likable but it lacks anything memorable, overdoes the same scenes that doesn't progress the plot and the ending was so close to being good then they botched it by Disney-ing it up.So, essentially it's about this family that live in a magical house, and the house gave each family member a gift /power except for our main charcater Mirabel. Now, for some reason, her grandmother who was given the first gift by this magic candle is constantly and I mean constantly not happy that Mirabel doesn't have a gift and believes that she is destroying the family and the house, a seriously mean and nasty woman to her own granddaughter . The other family members are quite vain and self centered, I really couldn't like any of them. The songs went on way too long and most of the time it's actually difficult to make out what they're saying. So anyway, they all lose their powers over time and again blame mirabel even though its not her fault, like even a bit, so so she gets sad runs off and then grandma realises that it's more important to keep the family together and for everyone to be there for everyone.And that would have been a fine ending but everyone gets their powers back in the end which earlier in the film it was revealed that nearly every family member wasn't happy with their power and either saw it as a burden or too much pressure. The point of the movie was then undone. Mirabels sister who is blessed with beauty and perfection is also unnecessarily catty towards mirabel. It was just strange watching these people who had everything done for them or handed to them be mean to a member of their family that didn't have a superpower.I didn't like it. Way too many characters that contribute nothing. Too many songs that weren't special or memorable. An unlikely and strange plot which I would have been fine about in the end if they didn't glitter and sparkle it all up and just put everything back to the start for no reason. A very very poor effort from ,Disney, expected a lot more.
6 It was cute. Mostly entertaining but I got bored many times (maybe because I'm an adult and this is geared toward kids). I heard a lot of great things and people told me to watch it but I didn't really love it. I don't see myself watching it again anytime soon. I think I expected too much also because I absolutely loved Coco and it's one of my favorite films.
9 The Madrigals live in a magic house under the protection of an everlasting magic candle. The candle imparts a special power to each one of the Madrigal kids except for Mirabel. She feels left behind. When she has a vision of devastating cracks in the house, her Abuela wants to cover it up and ignore it.This is a magical movie. I really like these characters and the mystery is interesting. It kept me intrigued and then the movie hits me with that revelation. That's a powerful scene. It's a scene of a reality that is more powerful than most other family-friendly animated movies are willing to go. It's the step that puts this onto another level.
5 When someone calls a movie "cute" in my social circle, it generally means that the movie was inoffensive but not memorable. That describes ENCANTO to a T. The characters are amusing and the animation is lovely (particularly the use of color), but the story seems less like a structured plot than a meandering series of musical setpieces. The music is not particularly memorable either-- I saw this movie two days ago and about all I can recall is the chorus of "We Don't Talk About Bruno."I feel bad dogging it because the message of the film is a good one. The movie also features a less overdramatic presentation of a dysfunctional family, which is nice. But that's about all I can give the film-- good themes do not a great movie make.
5 What an utterly, utterly frustrating movie this was to watch, I had really high hopes, sadly they were dashed about ten minutes in.The first half of the movie, there are several words I could use, but let's just go with awful, it was dire, the second half of the movie was much better, but the damage was done.Ana de Armas is good, and of course looks glorious, her character is hideous though, Vic isn't much better. I did like Affleck in this though, his rather emotionless performance is odd at first, but makes sense as the movie progresses.The final sequences are incredibly over the top, you'll need to see it to believe it.Ultimately, it proves one thing, autocorrect is a setting on your phone best avoided. 5/10.
4 I'm slightly ashamed to admit I had 'Deep Water' on my list of 10 most anticipated films for 2022. With Ben Affleck and Ana de Armas on board I figured they must've been lured by a very good script that would be full of twists and seduction and style, much like 'Basic Instinct'. This film had none of those things I'm sad to say.I was shocked at how straight forward the story was. It could've worked as a mystery if nothing else. But no, even that they had to spoil by revealing all their cards incredibly early. From there you are just left asking yourself, where is this film heading? Is there some twist that's going to come out of left field and blow me away? Nope.Instead as a big finale we get a shocking chase scene between a bike and car - where the character in the car actually says "what, are you going to chase me down on your bike?" - and then yes that's exactly what happens. To be clear this is a pushbike. Chasing a car. I can't believe I watched that happen. And before that, where did the guy even come from? He just appears in the middle of nowhere with no context or reason for him being there. Surely a scene was cut out, but in the cut we got it seemed utterly bizarre.There is zero chemistry between Affleck and de Armas - which to be fair is kind of the point. They are in a loveless marriage so I guess that would make sense. It's not a lot of fun to watch however. The film can't decide if it wants to be erotic or not. It keeps hinting at things and starting intimate scenes, only to abruptly cut away. When de Armas realised how bad the film was did she ask for her nudity to be cut out?When this film got pulled from its theatrical release at the last minute I had a bad feeling. But I didn't realise it meant things were this bad. Man this film was a let down. I'm very disappointed. A generous 4/10.
1 The acting was fine, especially the daughter. But the writing was just terrible. I hate when adults write for kids and make them speak like they are 22 years old. There is no chance in hell that kid was that smart and intuitive.Second, there is no chance in hell a bank calls you and tells you about a check that bounced and then gives you who it was written out to, and then say that can waive the fee if you add money to your account They were rich so why would there even being sufficient funds? Never happened. And this is just one example where writers blow it. They don't need to add scenarios that don't happen in real life because it distracts us from what could have been good.Overall, this film was all over the place and served no real purpose. Besides their relationship never had in basis in reality. There was no rhyme or reason to it and no explanation whatsoever of how they went from seemingly distant to passionate for each other. It was bizarre.Did she ever wear something besides the black dress?Good luck trying to figure out what this film is about. It made no sense whatsoever. I guess Lyne wanted to rekindle his 9 1/2 weeks. Just a total lack of focus and very slow-moving and without much of a point this was a total WASTE OF TIME! SKIP!!
5 As "Deep Water" (2022 release; 115 min.) opens, we are introduced to Vic and Melinda, a married couple with a young daughter. For reasons unknown, Vic allows Melinda to have lovers on the side. Vic and Melinda are going out to a party, where Melinda meets up with her latest flame. Vic is not happy about it... At this point we are 10 min into the movie.Couple of comments: this is the return of director Adrian Lyne, whose previous film was "Unfaithful", 20 years ago. Lyne was in his late 70s when this film was made, but he hasn't changed his modus operandi one bit since his heydays in the 1980s (Flashdance; 9 1/2 Weeks; Fatal Attraction). "Deep Water" is based on the 1950s Patricia Highsmith novel of the same name. I haven't read the book so I cannot comment how close the film sticks to the book. What is clear is that with "Deep Water" Lyne attempts to revive the so-called "erotic psychological thriller" genre. Alas, it didn't quite work out that way. For that the storytelling is simply too thin and I was never fully invested in the film or in its characters. Ben Affleck tries his best with the weak material that he is given. Cuban actress Ana de Armas is obviously very attractive (and reminding of a Penelope Cruz of yesteryear). But in the end the various parts of the film don't really add up. When I think of "erotic psychological thriller", "Body Heat" immediately comes to mind. This ain't "Body Heat".Please note that this film was shot in 2019, yup, pre COVID-19, and its theatrical release was delayed a number of times until it was pulled from the theatrical schedule altogether. The movie finally premiered on Hulu this weekend. If you are a fan of Adrian Lyne's 1980s heydays, I'd readily suggest you check this out (keeping expectations low), and draw your own conclusion.
5 Vic (Ben Affleck) and Melinda (Ana de Armas) are a married couple with a young daughter. She's an unreserved flirt while he's terribly jealous and possessive. He tells her latest 'boyfriend' that he had killed before. Most accept this as a bad joke but his neighbor Don Wilson (Tracy Letts) sees it as a real confession especially after Melinda's latest 'boyfriend' turns up dead.I like the first half which feels like a mid-level mystery thriller from the 90's. Did he or did he not? That's the best aspect of this film. It's the heart of the matter. That's why it's a big mistake to do the big reveal so soon. The reveal happens way too soon and it saps the energy out of the movie. Otherwise, this would have been a fine mid-level film.
1 I'm not sure if it's proof of brilliant acting or proof of just how bad of an actor Affleck is, but after the second time he said I killed so and so, I said yeah, ok, I'll just go with that as my working thesis. That pretty much explained the rest of this insipid movie. I don't know, maybe I was supposed to say oh no, I'm sure Ben Affleck would never play a sociopathic murderer, but then I figured, why not? He's pretty much as wooden as any movie he's ever been in. Again that might be proof of good acting, since I think he actually was supposed to be a wooden post in this movie, but then maybe it's simply the material finally matching the talent, not the other way around. I guess I don't give much credit for a post acting like a post, since that's what posts do.As for Ana, well. One telling moment, after Affleck drowns some guy, and she says she's not scared because he did it for her. Uh, no, I think he did it because of her, which is an entirely different concept. Why he doesn't just kill her instead, or divorce her at least is beyond comprehension. It would save everyone so much bother. Sure she's good looking, but so what? He's a multi-millionaire, I'm sure he could find someone else who isn't a total... oh, what's the right word, there are so many possibilities, each of which I know will automatically cancel my review... well, let's go with an oldie, trollop, I hope that passes muster. I mean, I wouldn't kick her out of bed for eating crackers, but I guess I would if she wanted to turn me into a cuckold serial killer. I'm funny that way.There's not much point going into much detail of the movie itself, other than it is for the most part boring and completely unbelievable.The ending though is in a class by itself of stupidity. Besides the question of a guy on a bike catching a guy in a car, what exactly was the plan when he caught up to the car, either shake his fist angrily or slam into the car and become a pancake? Oh, but have no fear, better he should just fall on the road and instead of the car, oh, I don't know, running over him and popping his head off like bottle cap, instead we get a total rip off of Toonces, the cat who could drive. And if anyone asks is it really that bad? Yes, it really is that bad.I know what they're going for of course. It's supposed to be your standard mind f. But when stupid characters do the most stupid thing possible at every possible moment, it just doesn't count, it might be infuriating but only because of how stupid it is. Yeah, he's a terrible person who gets away with murder and she's a total, oh, what's the right word again... who knows what he's done and actually likes it. K. Got it. Now go away.I know this movie doesn't even deserve to be mentioned with something like Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf, except to say it's like that movie, if you took away the acting ability, the direction, the wit, the intelligence, the characters, the dialogue, the plot, the desire to say something, anything. Maybe it's more like Deliverance, if you remember the ending, only I don't mean Burt and his friends, I mean the other guys in Deliverance, you know the ones I'm talking about, though I think they might be rightfully offended to even suggest that they would be in a movie as lousy as this.My apologies.
2 This movie is horrible, boring, weird and stupid. End of review?I guess I'll say more. I could tell this was going to be bad 15 minutes into the movie. I seriously considered quitting at that point but felt like I needed to give it a chance. Bad decision. It's exactly what I thought it would be.The characters are ridiculously unlikeable. Don't get me wrong, I can love a character who is a terrible person. I'm all about the characters you love to hate. But these characters aren't just terrible people, they are horribly written with no redeeming qualities. And it doesn't help that they're in a useless story. Nothing about this movie works.I remember when streaming services were applauded for giving smaller movies a chance to be made. But we've gone so far in the opposite direction that I miss the days when certain movies were never made because... they didn't justify their own existence. This is an example of that. I can't understand who read this script and thought it's worth making. Streaming services continue to value quantity over quality. This movie is garbage. (1 viewing, 4/6/2022)SPOILERSThere is one part I have to mention. During the climax, Don sees Vic trying to hide the dead body in the lake. Surprisingly he does the smartest thing possible. Without saying a word, he immediately runs back to his car to get away from the killer. Wow, nice job movie...Then he starts driving, for a WHILE, and all I can think is, why aren't you calling the police? They're immediately cancelling the props I just gave for the smart decision to run.Finally he pulls his phone out. I think, okay now he'll call the cops. But instead... I legitimately cannot believe this... he starts texting his wife that he was right about Vic being the killer. Are you out of your minds? Whoever wrote this should be ashamed and retire from filmmaking.Of course, the text distraction causes him to crash and die. This is just lazy, atrocious writing. Do better please.
8 Marketing this film as an erotic thriller was the biggest mistake they made. It does have some hot scenes but not enough to call the whole movie erotic even though the whole plot is around it. The thriller aspect is also more of an overlooking sense of it rather than the usual thriller sensibilities. The film is more of a character study of a couple, probably a psychopathic couple who feeds off each other by destroying each other and others who comes between them. Although the film takes a clear stand with the Husband, by making it clear it is the actions of the wife that pushes him to take action. But as the film goes on his actions looks like it's even worse but by the end, it's clear that the wife always knew this side and was really looking for that side in him all along. It's a very fascinating film for me because of how the characters are explored and the director makes us relate with a character who is as all the characters including him says, not normal and as we watch we realize that it is true in a lot of wrong ways. Can't believe this is getting so much bad reviews.
1 Kind of rich people (really rich before Reagan's tax cuts for the rich but just doing OK by billionaire standards of today), glamorous parties where everyone looks fab, a beautiful, talented wife he adores, and her string of boys she flaunts in front of him, like a cat that brings a dead mouse in the house just so you can see it, except hubby does the killing in this home.Once again, from the very beginning I can tell this won't be good because of the runtime of 1h54m which is way too long for this genre of film. Period. 1h30m is what this should be, but because it's for streaming services, they feel they have different rules and just want to plug up more over the viewers time, like their building a dyke to hold in our collective free time. With the extra twenty-four minutes, maybe we can read a few pages of a good book with a much better story than this one, like the one Patricia Highsmith wrote upon which this movie is based.How to shave off extra minute ideas:fewer cute kid bits (and FYI, kids her age who do science experiments don't listen to "Old McDonald")Less time showing how the beautiful people have a good time, because it looks really boring. Seriously, drinking games? Is this a frat house?Cut out hubby looking at wife with malice in his eyes while she cuckolds him, which brings me to what I really didn't like about this movie.Dude, just divorce her. The director really wasn't able to convince me why he would stay with her. In fact, he never even tried. Why didn't the wife leave him? It made no sense and was crucial to the story.Ugh, another story of a rich guy talking to a cop when he really should know to keep his mouth shut. In this day and age, I hate stories where this happens. "I don't have anything to hide." Dude, even if you are completely innocent and have the Pope as an alibi, you never talk to the cops. Everyone knows that, except bad writers it seems. "Would you be willing to take a lie detector test?" he's asked, to which he answers, "Sure, get one."And speaking of talking, the wife discusses fleeing to Brazil with her lover on the phone while her husband is steps away from her? Even for an unbelievably indiscreet woman, she has no discretion (he dead lover is barely in the ground, and she already has a new one with whom she plans to run away). And does she have to invite them all over to the house?Why does Vic have to be wealthy and a chip maker for drones? This part has nothing to do with the story and should have been left out entirely. Who cares? Why bother telling us about his snail fetish? It just takes up time and tells us nothing. Cut thirty minutes out of this and it may have been tolerable. It wasn't tolerable and took me all day to watch as I cleaned, cooked, played piano, read a bit and never really caring enough to get to the end of this mess.Can I ask film directors a personal question? Why do you guys shoot so many scenes in the dark where literally only about five percent of the screen is visible? Even if the scene is supposed to be at night, there's no need to make it so dark that nothing is discernible. If you don't want us to see images, maybe you should be working in radio.This really isn't a criticism of the movie, but first we're in Louisiana and then he's out mountain biking? And even riding down a switchback, you can't catch a car on a bike. Just silly and stupid...and then for the stupidity coup de grace, there is a coyote and road runner finale with the guy driving off a cliff...in Louisiana.
5 There's not enough plot to keep this nearly 2-hour long erotic thriller going, especially once it lets go of its initial ambiguity. The film is about a husband (Affleck) who's alright with his wife (Ana de Armas) romantically engaging with other men, growing increasingly jealous (and turned on!) by the proceedings. So, the wife Melinda is a hedonist - she lives for instant pleasures. She isn't particularly fond of taking care of their child - or the film rarely shows it. The husband Vic is hazily sketched - he's a retired drone-software guy, he loves threatening his wife's male friends and loves studying snails. His transition from accepting his wife's escapades to becoming a legit threat to the men involved lacks good bite - that's a screenplay problem, not the actor's!There aren't any scenes where he "loses it" or clarifies what he wants out of this seemingly broken relationship. On the other hand, Melinda is all about looking sexy all the time. And since we're picturing Ana de Armas here, it is an easily achievable tick. I didn't see much in the way of nudity or sexual content here, except for glimpses of "what could've been." Affleck makes for a believable bad guy while also being a doting dad. Armas' character needed better etching because it's tough to lean into her vision here either, though she scorches the screen with her presence. As a result, we get a predictable, somewhat tepid thriller that only partially does its job!
5 Greetings again from the darkness. Based on his work, arguments can be made on both sides. Director Adrian Lyne is either a staunch believer in monogamous marriages, or he enjoys mocking the concept altogether. Surprisingly, this is his first film in 20 years since UNFAITHFUL (2002). To refresh your memory, he's also the force behind 9  WEEKS (1986), FATAL ATTRACTION (1987), and INDECENT PROPOSAL (1993). Co-writers Zach Helm and Sam Levinson have adapted the script from the 1957 novel by Patricia Highsmith, who also wrote "The Talented Mr. Ripley" and "Strangers on a Train"."Do you know I love you?" When one spouse feels the need to ask about love rather than declare it, you know it's an unusual marriage. And in the category of unusual marriages, you'd be hard-pressed to find an arrangement more bizarre than the one between Vic (Ben Affleck) and Melinda (Ana de Armas). Thanks to real life public drama for Will Smith and Jada Pinkett, we all know that "open marriages" are a thing. But this with Vic and Melinda is neither fully "open" nor fully a marriage. Vic invented and sold a computer chip used in drones (mostly for warfare) and he's so rich, that he'd rather watch his free-spirited wife drag home new boy-toys than give her an expensive divorce. But that's as much explanation as we receive for what seems like a lose-lose-lose scenario. That third lose is for Melinda's gentlemen friends who seem to mysteriously disappear once Vic becomes aware of them. One is gone before the movie even starts, and he's followed by Jacob Elordi, Brandan Miller, and Finn Wittrock.Perhaps the biggest mystery here is in deciding who displays more charisma, Affleck in this role or the snails that his character Vic breeds. We've joked about actors sleepwalking through roles before, but there are scenes here where that may actually be happening. Affleck mostly just dead-eyes Melinda and her men, though we are supposed to interpret his lack of expression as a combination of anger, jealousy, and lust. Fortunately, we have Ana de Armas to liven things up. She's a full-grown party girl going through various stages of designer dress and un-dress. The supporting cast is comprised of Dash Mihok, Lil Rey Howery (who is in every movie these days), Kristen Connolly, Grace Jenkins as the smarter-than-parents kid to Vic and Melinda, and Tracy Letts as a curious novelist constantly side-eyeing Vic as research for a new book.Is it cheesy? Yes. Is it sleazy? Yes. Despite twenty years of no movies, director Lyne delivers another high-gloss, play-pretend trashy erotic thriller that will fit perfectly in the streaming world. Affleck disappoints here after strong turns in THE TENDER BAR (2021) and THE WAY BACK (2020), and Ms. De Armas will next appear as Marilyn Monroe in BLONDE. Ben and Ana had their tabloid moment as a romantic couple after filming, but she is now the gone girl, and he has since reunited with JoLo. There are too many gaps in the story and characters for this to be considered a serious movie, but it's sure to be entertaining enough for many.Premiers on HULU beginning March 18, 2022.
6 ... this film is just weird-stupid in sooo many different ways... storyline is the absurd worst... along with the fact no matter how attractive she might be, that attractiveness is totally lost in the horrid character she portrays in this bleak-production... his acting is zombie-like to a ludicrous degree (normal-Affleck)... why movies like this get made at all is testament to the crap audiences are willing to accept over & again... somewhat improves with a second viewing... still crudely-ridiculous numerous scenes... there's greater appreciation for the overall story, ludicrous as it may be... the 1st viewing exposes the movie's flaws... in a 2nd, you'll know-bypass-them.. letting enjoyment of their performances happen to a greater degree... a production that cannot-mustn't be-taken-too-seriously, just like the hidden-freaky-'marriage' it exposes... look for Catherine Springer's March 16th review... nails-it.
3 Hollow echoes of the pitiful Gigli, but the leading lady is slightly better than J-Lo. The script is just as execrable, as is the so-called acting of the monstrously overrated Ben Affleck (he's OK in comedy roles though: go and watch Mallrats). The direction/photography isn't exactly chopped liver, ergo the 3-star (that's 3 more than Gigli) salute. Still, it staggers the mind that this guy directed one of the greatest psychological thriller/horror films ever made, i.e. Jacob's Ladder. Plus it is a timely reminder that cellular phones are not the benevolent miracle the hoi polloi often treats them like. You know, there was a time when folks said the same thing about asbestos and the internet. Anyway, best to avoid this turkey altogether, unless surface beauty floats your boat.
7 I liked this film, I found it interesting and darkly funny in places. The story wasn't really fleshed out but there was enough to keep you intrigued. The woman was outrageous lol but it was entertaining. I think they should make a sequel. Alexa, make a sequel but with more back story.
2 I like Ben Afflec and Ana De Armas. I was disappointed in this movie. It at times felt like a cringy soft core porn murder mystery that you used to see on Cinemax at like 3am. If the point was that a cheating wife who makes her husband jealous enough to murder her lovers should stay with her murderer husband because he's a good dad, well that's sort of messed up.
2 Obviously one of those "lockdown" movies that never should have been made. A seasoned director in the form of Adrian Lyne, but his directorial days seem long in the past as this is a kind of awful, lunk-headed throwback to the marriage drama/psycho-thriller genre, but lacking drama or indeed thrills. Ben Affleck has never been more wooden as the boring husband and poor old Ana De Armas is forced to strip in her third big film following KNIVES OUT and NO TIME TO DIE; an inexperienced actress like this just doesn't have the chops for the role. The hilarious climax copies the opening of Schwarzenegger's COMMANDO, but that's ten times the film this is.
7 It is a dark story of strange love between very strange people , with a very strange dynamic ) And , probably , it could have been better . Nevertheless ,I t kept me interested , engaged and entertained .Solid 7 stars .
2 Wow, what a completely waste of time, talent and money!I am sorry, usually I give every movie a chance and I really like Ben Affleck dramas and Ana de Armas is great, too. But, who wrote this garbage? It does not make any sense at all. No sense. And the ending is just painful to watch.Yes, I understand this is a character study but please give us some more information on the characters.Now come the spoiler parts:
So ok, the first murder is a drowning. Ok, well it usually takes more time, more effort and more noise to drown someone. And we are talking about a full house desite the fact everyone is high or drunk or both.Than the second murder ends with covering the body with rocks attached with a belt? Is this a joke?Then the car accident..first of all don't text and drive. What does the guy want there? How did he find the scarf? Why isn't he faster than the bike. Why is he even texting?And the end scene with the kid singing? What purpose has this? I don't get it. I don't.And there are soooo many scenes which literally make no sense at all. The snails...why? The meeting with the P. I...why?How was this greenlit by anyone with common sense?
5 And the feet?! So many unanswered questions... I kid but seriously what was with this movie? You keep waiting for something interesting to happen, something to ratchet up the tension, but it never comes. The story is just as straightforward as it seems and you can predict where the characters will end up by the end.There are pieces here to make a great thriller. Affleck gives a great performance and de Armas is vexing as always. A veteran director of acclaimed erotic thrillers, some genuine star power, and a uneasy mood all combine for a promising picture. The script just really drags the film down.
4 There are some moments when it looks like this will get better, but never does, even with a good job by Affleck.Not thriller enough, not erotic enough and definitely not credible enough. I still can't believe how clueless and incompetent that police is when everyone is dying or disappearing around that same couple and nothing is done (even with accusations). A guy dies in a pool and they don't see the marks of being drowned by other person? I rest my case.
1 Not sure if it's proof of great acting or what a terrible actor Affleck is, but after the second time he said I killed so and so, I said ok, fine, I'll go with that as my working thesis. That pretty much explained the rest of this insipid movie. I don't know if I was supposed to think oh no, I'm sure Ben Affleck would never be a sociopathic murderer, but I figured, why not? He was pretty much as wooden as any movie he's ever been in. Again I don't know if it's proof of good acting since I think he actually was supposed to be a wooden post in this movie, but it might just be the material finally matching the talent, not the other way around. I guess I don't give much credit for a post acting like a post, since that's what posts are supposed to do.As for Ana, well. There is one telling scene just after he drowns some guy and she says she's isn't scared because he did it for her. Uh, no, he did it because of her, which is an entirely different concept. Why he doesn't just kill her instead or at least divorce her is beyond comprehension. It would save everyone so much bother. Sure she's good looking, but so what? He's a multi-millionaire, I'm sure he could find someone who isn't a total, oh, what's the right word, there are so many that would fit but would guarantee my review would not be allowed, well, let's go with an oldie, trollop, I hope that passes muster. Sure I wouldn't kick her out of bed for eating crackers, but I would if she was trying to make me into a cuckold serial killer. I'm funny that way.As for the actual movie, there isn't much to say, other than it is mostly boring and unbelievable.The ending however is in a class by itself of total stupidity. Besides the question of a guy on a bike catching a guy in car, what exactly was the plan once he did catch up to him, either wave his fist angrily or smash into the side of the car and turn himself into a pancake? But have no fear, instead he falls on the road, only instead of the car, I don't know, running over him and popping his head off like a bottle cap, it turns into a total rip off of Toonces, the cat who could drive. And if anyone asks is it really that bad? Yes, it really is that bad.It's obvious what they're trying to do. It's a standard mind f. But when stupid characters do the most stupid thing every time, it doesn't count, it might be infuriating but only because of how stupid it all is. He's a terrible guy who gets away with murder and she's a total, oh, what's the right word again, who knows what's he done and actually likes it. K. Got it. Now go away.I know it isn't right to even mention this movie in the same breath as something like Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf. Except to say it's like that, if you took away the acting ability, the direction, the wit, the intelligence, the characters, the plot, the dialogue, the desire to say something, anything. Maybe it's more like Deliverance, at least the ending, only not Burt and his friends, it's more like the other guys in Deliverace, you know who I'm talking about, though to be fair I'm sure they would be rightfully outraged to even think they would be in a movie as lousy as this. My apologies.
5 Ofcourse i watched this for affleck and ana, movie is just full of ana, the story had so much potential but they just messed up and it felt too flat, idk why two talented actors chose this kinda script, overall its a below average watch.
6 We find ourselves watching a volatile marriage on the edge. Melinda enjoys the company of many other younger men she brings home with her while legally married to Vic - Husband. Melinda childishly provokes jealously and hostility in Vic and for a not understandable reason, Vic put up with it. Does she measure Vics love for her by how far he will go to dispose of her casual suitors? What does Vic get in return? Apex male standing? Or is this just a sick and twisted game that both Melinda and Vic play to serial murder many young men.The film keeps you riveted to find out the motivations. With some victims, Vic makes some careless mistakes while other murders are discreet. The more Vic inflicts his rage, on the younger men, the more sexually attractive Melinda becomes to Vic and the more she is disposed to him.The film is extremely well acted by both Ana de Armas and Affleck. Affleck is particularly good at these psychological crime dramas. I still remember Gone Girl (2014), that was a really great film by Ben Affleck too.My one problem is there doesn't seem to be a point to the murders. Well, a part of me loved when Don Wilson drove off the cliff in his Subaru Wagon..Edit 3/24/22 ----I see a lot of criticism about Ben Affleck and Ana De Armas. Hey, these actors are incredibility good. Especially Affleck since we have other films of theirs to judge their skills. Separate the actors from the screenplay. They are doing the best they can with was provided to them. If you are hired as a contractor to build a house but the buyer provides you with cheap materials, you can't blame the contractor. They are working with what was provided. Same applies here. Despite the screenplay, Ben and Ana made it entertaining. If it had a better screenplay, I would have given it a much higher score. Criticize Zach Helm and Sam Levinson for the absurd script, but not these two actors. 
6 So let me get this straight. After she realizes he's basically a serial killer and will literally kill people for her, everything goes back to normal? Everyone just goes on living happily ever after? Lol..Ok I guess that works but how did it get to that point in the first place. There was no backstory whatsoever. Why was she so vindictive? What did this guy do to? When did their relationship go sour? There was really no explanation on why she was sleeping with other men while they were living under the same roof. They weren't even going through a divorce. She was literally hooking up with other guys right in front of his face. Is that just a thing people do these days to avoid a messy divorce? Guess so. Either way I still somewhat enjoyed this movie. I didn't really no where it was going, but I will say it all tied together in the end. 6 stars.
7 I am guessing from the low 5 overall rating (at the time of this review) that people are judging this harshly. Is it perfect? No. Is it going to win any awards? No. What it is is a fun psychological thriller about an unhappy dysfunctional marriage.Vic knows his wife is cheating on him. She flaunts her affairs in front of him and calls him passionless. That begins to change when he tells one of her lovers that he killed a man she had been sleeping with which starts the rumor mill flying. No one believes it. They take it for what it is a man lashing out at the guy who has been sleeping with his wife. But then another one of her lovers ends up dead and it becomes clear that Vic isn't lying about killing the men his wife is sleeping with. The question is when his wife is confronted with it what will she do? What will a woman who craves passion do with a husband who murders to keep her?
5 "The King's Man," directed by Matthew Vaughn, is the third film in the "Kingsman" series, which began way back in 2014. The first in the franchise, "Kingsman: The Secret Service," was a remarkably entertaining film; packed with Vaughn's signature directorial flair and high-octane, frantic editing style, the light parody of the spy genre made for a movie that took itself seriously enough to be engaging while simultaneously keeping its tone light enough to avoid being a complete retread of things we've seen before. Enter its sequel: "Kingsman: The Golden Circle." Taking the idea of a spy parody and dialing the notch as far as it would go, and then breaking it, "The Golden Circle" jumped in the pool of complete farce. While containing some genuinely emotional moments, the consensus was that the film was too goofy to be enjoyed, complete with absolutely ridiculous and unbelievable plot points such as a man inserting a GPS tracker inside of a woman (and I'll just let you imagine how he does that).A few years and a global pandemic later and we finally have the third entry, which stands as a prequel, effectively telling why the Kingsman secret agency came to fruition. Foregoing the odd and overtly sexual humor of the previous two films, "The King's Man" is a much more serious endeavor - for better or for worse. It's very obvious that director Matthew Vaughn wanted to change his style somewhat drastically when compared to the first two movies. A slower, more dialogue focused picture, you would almost be forgiven if you thought that "The King's Man" was directed by someone else entirely. Vaughn decides to tell what is, basically, a World War 1 film, which may surprise those who expected a lighter affair more akin to his other works. Tonal inconsistency isn't something I notice very much during my movie-going escapades, but due to the drastic change in subject matter, in "The King's Man," the tonal shifts were jarring."Fun" is not a word I'd use to describe this movie, unfortunately. And yes, while a few action scenes were certainly exciting, as a whole "The King's Man" weaves a tale that is more about the horrors of war and violence then about the titular secret service agency that we've all come to know and love. A large majority of this movie involves political conversations that lack the character personality needed to make such conversations entertaining to watch. Instead, characters take the dialogue very seriously which, frankly, is boring to watch. In between these conversations lie multiple and varied story beats, including: An attempt to defeat the crazed monk Rasputin, a plot to steal a tape that contains recordings of the U. S. president engaged in illicit activities, and the tale of Conrad, Ralph Fiennes' characters son, who enlists in the war against his father's wishes. As you may have deduced, it is the last beat mentioned that contains some of the more emotional story moments. Now I'm not against emotion in my movies, obviously, and there were some genuinely shocking, saddening, parts in this story. That said, I don't think the right balance was there to make these moments as effective as they could be.Vaughn seems to have trouble deciding what kind of story he wants to tell - is it a dramatic tale of the tragedies that arise with war, or is it a wacky action-adventure, complete with ballet battles, bisexual villains, and over-the-top set pieces? He tries to do both, and misses the mark, creating a confusing, convoluted, and overly lengthy story - albeit one that can be entertaining. No stranger to great action, Vaughn once again directs some fantastically kinetic fight sequences. The battle with Rasputin alone is worth the price of admission, and combined with a great score and masterful editing, I couldn't help but have a smile on my face during that scene, and throughout all of the action sequences. So if you're looking for good action, you'll certainly find it here (with a trench battle being another standout) - you'll just have to sit through a stunning amount of slog to get to it first.Ralph Fiennes gives a totally committed performance - him, along with the action, makes "The King's Man" a perfectly serviceable one-time watch. "The King's Man" isn't necessarily a bad movie, but it's one that gets held back by its own loftiness and high expectations of itself. Fans of the first two movies will most likely be disappointed by the change in tone and story, and those who are looking for something new will no doubt be taken aback by the tonal inconsistencies - which brings me to the question: Who, exactly, did Vaughn make this movie for?
4 Surprise smash hit in 2014, Matthew Vaughn's first Kingsman film The Secret Service was a fun, exciting and inventive new take on the spy/action film hybrid with its more forgettable sequel The Golden Circle still an enjoyable romp despite a noticeable drop off in quality but not even the keenest of Kingsman fans will be able to steel themselves for the mostly charmless and surprisingly serious origin story Vaughn has taken the series too with The King's Man.Set in the early 20th century where Europe is at war and England's freedom is threatened by a group of mad man hellbent on world domination, King's Man follows the pre-Kingsman exploits of Ralph Fiennes widower Orlando Oxford and his teenage son Conrad (an unfortunately bland character played lifelessly by Harris Dickinson) who along with the help of their housekeepers and associates take it upon themselves to turn the tide of the great war in the favor of their beloved country.In this set up there's no time for the banter we got between Colin Firth's Harry Hart or Taron Egerton's streetwise wise-talker Eggsy, there's no truly over the top flourishes outside of a few odd scenes mostly involving Rhys Ifan's crazy take on Russian villain Grigori Rasputin (who could've done with a lot more screen time than he was granted by Vaughn) and overall it feels as though for some reason Vaughn has decided the unique and playful nature that made his series stand out from the crowd is no longer needed.Never more prevalent is this aspect of the film than in an oddly bizarre detour to the World War 1 trenches as Conrad ventures to the front lines, this 20 or so minute mid-movie aspect might involve one of the films stand out action scenes but overall it feels like it's from a completely different movie than what has come before it or what follows it and it's an example of the film trying to do too many things at once, with too many characters like the didn't need to show up Matthew Goode, Aaron Taylor-Johnson or Daniel Brhl, making King's Man a film without a true identity or purpose.Based of this very differently toned and delivered series entry, it's hard to know exactly where Vaughn wishes to take his property from here on out but if there is to be more Kingsman adventures it would be wise to head back to the working book of the first film that provided a fresh take on a well-worn genre, only to find itself battling for its relevance less than a decade on.Final Say -Sadly this much delayed origin story is a mostly dull affair of a property that at one stage looked set to provide a fantastically fun cinematic journey, forgoing the fun that made people fall in love with it in the first case, The King's Man has snippets of greatness but is an overall forgettable and dull adventure.2 strong cups of tea out of 5For more reviews check out Jordan and Eddie.
1 That cocaine diet really does help to produce some fine scripts. The King's Man is amazing.The story is a mess of random things and encounters, some of which are loosely connected, but most aren't. Most of the time it sticks to repeating the same 'overprotective father' cliched scenes over and over again, occasionally inserting random "what?" moments and bizarre fight scenes. It's absolutely incoherent, and although the characters act like something important is going on, and sometimes act as they have achieved something, the viewer is fully disconnected from the travesty that is happening when it's not boring you down with the same scene over and over.They took the most 'hot' and 'debatable' facts about historical figures and incorporated them into WWI historical period, mutilating the history in the process. I'm not going to talk about historical accuracy, since this was never meant to be a historical action film or a war film. In fact, all the WWI battle scenes in the film (and the whole son's story) feel like they belong to a different film altogether, it surely never fits into the overall cocaine Hangover-style nightmare that is happening on screen.All the supposedly 'funny' things felt like torture, and only made me ask "what?" and "why?" all the time. The best joke in the film was Tom Holland playing all the three monarchs, which made me laugh.Besides this, there were two good things in the film - nice music and a cool and creative trench fight scene. If you forget about history and drop the setting, this is quality trash cinema. Gritty, dirty, bloody, and violent night brawl - excellent.Other than that - this film was atrocious. There are two possibilities, either this is a literal re-telling of a comic book (which I'm not familiar with), then it's sort of fine, but still doesn't work. Or this is just a 'whatever' approach to screenwriting, which automatically downgrades this film to "garbage fire" status.In any case, this mess cannot be enjoyed.P. S. Nice post-credit scene, guys. Joseph Stalin introduced himself to Lenin as Adolf Hitler, a quality high-IQ joke. Now I rate this 9/555555555555555555555.
1 With the unique wit of the original completely gone, this (hopefully) final installment is testimony to quitting while one is ahead. In the case of the Kingsman franchise, each sequel was progressively worse than its predecessor, and 'The King's Man' is simply an embarrassment for everyone involved. Put it and us out of our collective misery - enough is enough.
4 Nothing about Matthew Vaughn's prequel to 2014's 'Kingsman: The Secret Service' and 2017's 'Kingsman: The Golden Circle,' 'The King's Man,' is particularly good... except that it ends. Gone are the over-the-top violence, exciting villains, and great spy gadgets that made the first two movies so entertaining. Vaughn seems to have trouble deciding what kind of story he wants to tell, creating a confusing, convoluted, and overly lengthy story that seems to break into different movies as the movie goes on. A truly unnecessary prequel.
5 I really liked the first Kingsman movie but already the second one was in my opinion just milking the cow - story- and momentum-wise inferior to the first movie in every aspect. The newest addition to the franchise tries something new but - while there are for sure some good aspects - tastes like a bad mixed cocktail: the ingredients (or parts) just don't work too well together. The King's Man: no fail but compared to Kingsman: The Secret Service this one is just another rather weak entry.
2 This movie is terrible. I'm a big fan of the first two. This one is inferior in every way. Not one moment of action comes close to anything from the first two. The music, story, cast and characters are all significantly worse.This movie doesn't know what it wants to be. It barely has anything to do with the previous ones, on top of feeling nothing like them. It could be it's own unrelated movie if a few details were changed. Instead of fun spy flick, we get a World War 1 political drama.The overall quality is higher than 2 stars. Unfortunately there are some terrible scenes and horrendous moments that I seriously couldn't believe. Face palm emoji moments. There were literally times when I looked down, put my fingers on my forehead and shook my head. So many stupid moments. The "why" for certain things happening is laughable.Other than a few cool moments, I had an awful time with this movie and couldn't wait for it to be over. I didn't know who directed it, and when the credits rolled my jaw dropped. I thought for sure they had brought in some scrub to direct this nonsense. Matthew Vaughn has made some of my all-time favorite movies. This is hopefully just a misfire. Also, stick with Henry Jackman for the music in the future, please. (1 viewing, 12/27/2021)SPOILERSThe couple cool parts I mentioned are the silent fight in between the trenches, and when Conrad is shockingly shot by a fellow soldier for lying about who he is.The dinner scene with Rasputin was excruciating. And it lasted for what seemed like 15 minutes. In the fight it leads to, his fighting style was creative, but the fight itself wasn't nearly good enough to salvage the scene. Not to mention so many stupid moments in that scene alone. Like Conrad hanging out with his cold dad while Shola is nearly killed by Rasputin. Or Conrad shooting the sword out of Rasputin's hand instead of shooting Rasputin himself. And not knowing he only has one bullet. It's like this was written for morons.There are so many other moments like this. Like hopping a goat. Or the villain reveal. Also, it was so obvious he was a bad guy 5 seconds after he came on screen.
3 Pros:
1. The fight/ action scenes pulsate with energy, are entertaining, and greatly choreographed.2. The scene wherein Conrad Oxford has to take on German soldiers with a knife in no-mans land is suitably tense and gritty.3. Rhys Ifans (Grigori Rasputin) delivers a compelling and memorable performance.4. Some of the special effects are truly impressive.Cons:
1. There aren't enough fight/ action scenes, even though this is a Kingsman film and those are the best bits about the movie.2. The death of Conrad Oxford (Harris Dickinson) is so ridiculous that what should be a heart-breaking moment ends up being, at best bewildering, and at worst hilarious.3. The comedy is really stale, to the point where it's difficult to even locate.4. The entire film feels like a wishy-washy World War One movie with splices of Kingsman added in. I kept having to remind myself I was watching a Kingsman film.5. Tom Hollander (King George / Kaiser Wilhelm / Tsar Nicholas) being cast as all three superpower leaders was unnecessary with King George feeling like the only genuine character, and the other two coming across as caricatures.6. Some of the CGI is a little too sloppy.7. The mid-credit scene that clearly introduces Adolf Hitler (David Kross) as the franchises next antagonist is just idiotic.8. Morton's (Matthew Goode) anti-English motivations for igniting a world war are nonsensical and lazily written. His ultimate reveal also falls flat as the concealment of his identity harbours no other purpose than to 'shock' the audience.9. The first half of the movie is way too slow-paced.10. The film is hardly an origins movie as the Kingsman organisation already exists. It just establishes where some of the practices originated e.g. Naming their members after King Arthur and his knights. However, none of the origins information is interesting or necessary to learn.
6 A decent prequel that had a few great action scenes and dramatic moments; but that overall didn't have the charm of its predecessors. The CGI looked too computer generated and the storyline too heavy. With so much story to cover the scene jumps happened to often and disrupted the flow. Acting was good and characters were well cast,
6 I was very impressed with Matthew Vaughn's directing and writing in the first two films, of whom Jane Goldman also shared the writing credits, but in this one she was absent, and wow what a difference it made. In the ridiculously unnecessarily long 131 min runtime, only 10 mins total had anything to do with the Kingsmen. The rest was a convoluted scattershot of unnecessary plots that seemed to be a bunch of short films thrown in a blender to come up with this nonsense. There were too many plot and technical issues, and scenes that will make you shake your head in disbelief of what you're seeing, and why. Even the entire villain portion was too short, lame, and lazily written and executed. There were so many long dragged out and unnecessary scenes, you can literally fast-forward to the end of the scene and miss nothing of relevance. Basically 90% of this film was all filler with very little substance - and that's as a stand-alone film; as a prequel, it's all filler with maybe 2-3 minutes of any "Kingsmen" relevance. It's really too bad, because the rest of the film - cinematography, choreography, performances etc were all very good. I gave the first two films 9's, and I'm struggling to even give my very generous 6/10 for this one. Please include Goldman in any future Kingsmen films; at least her vision was coherent, cohesive, and exciting.
5 "Kingsman: The Secret Service" is one of my favorite action movies. It's got some of the best action scenes ever made (R. I. P. Brad Allan.) The second movie in the series had some cool stuff, but it went a bit too over the top in a silly way."The King's Man" breaks the formula a bit too much. Even tho the tale of the origin is kind of interesting, the first 90 minutes feels more like a slow paced war/agent drama that drags on way too long. I also felt like most of it was a build up to nothing, that ended up feeling unnecessary. And when the action kicks in, it's brief and lacks all the creativity we saw in the first movie.
4 The King's Man (2021)There lived a certain man, in Russia long ago, he was big and strong but he certainly wasn't killed by an Englishman. If you unfamiliar with the song, I am talking about Rasputin and how he was made into a caricature much like the rest of the appalling historical distortion. The saddest part of it all, is that some people will come out of this movie thinking that this is how it all happened. After two highly entertaining Kingsman movies about a secret spy agency, I was expecting to watch another entertaining installment full of silliness and crazy action. Instead, it turned into a pseudo historical parade of mediocrity that felt like anything but a Kingsman film.In this prequel, we follow the Duke of Oxford as he, along with his merry band of wannabe spies participate in important historical events and try to end World War 1. On paper, the film is meant to be a hit with a good setting, an experienced production team and led by the excellent Ralph Fiennes. Unfortunately, the longer the film went on, the more annoying it felt. Even if you don't think deeply about the illogical nature of the events, the film lacks the entertainment aspect because of the bland characters and the lack of formidable "Kingsman" level action scenes.I think the biggest problem of the film is not even the historical butchery but the fact that it doesn't have an identity. The first 2 Kingsman movies were over-the-top spy comedies with unbelievable plots, saucy characters and out of this world action sequences. Here, the film tries to be some twisted historical saga/wannabe James Bond by being too serious while at the same time trying to plug in some of the adventurous elements. As a result, it achieves neither the seriousness, nor the comedic/dynamic aspect and ends up kind of hangs in the middle making you wonder why have you wasted 2 hours of your life.Movies.shmovies on Instagram for honest movie and TV Show reviews.
5 There is no beating around the bush: this film is bad. But what makes it a cinematic atrocity is having such a large audience on hold, such a great cast, 100 mils and still messing it up. All Kingsman movies are over the top, but this one went both too far and did too little. It felt like 50% of it was exposition and the rest was Ralph Fiennes trying to save the film, to no avail.Ironically, the highlight of the film was Rhys Ifans. I mean, he's a great actor, but he was in select company: Fiennes, Dance, even Hollander and Goode. And while he played a rather minor character, from the entire cast he was the only one close to memorable.Perhaps tongue in cheek, perhaps in bad taste, in such a British film the Scots are the villains and the Americans are the jokes. WW I was a one man masterplan and one other man made it all stop. A pointless prequel if there ever was one, and that's saying a lot.The fight scenes were kind of well done, but that's the only positive thing I can think of. Acting was good, too, but no material to work with.Bottom line: a damn shame of a film.
1 This is not a movie. It's a bunch of individual scenes mishmashed together. The movie makes little sense. It lacks direction, reality, logic, a script, a director and common sense. Just about the only thing which is worthwhile is the casting. I get the idea that this is supposed to be an alternate reality or Universe, but geez, this is terrible.
8 When I sat down to watch "The King's Man", I didn't realize it was the thrird film in the franchise. By its title and that it's a prequel to the other two, I just assumed (incorrectly) it was the first. However, there is good news...if you, too, do it this way, relax....you don't need to have seen "The Kingsman: The Golden Circle" nor "The Kingsman: The Secret Service" to enjoy this third film.The story begins during the latter period of the Boer War (1902) and is set in a British concentration camp. This surprised me, as films never seem to talk about this dark period in history, as the Brits locked up thousands of Afrikaner civilians and starved them...many to death. But most of the film is set over a decade later, just before and during WWI and concerns some secret cabal's being the orchestrator of the war and the manipulator of the various governments. So, it's up to a very tiny organization (led by Ralph Fiennes) to do battle...to figure out WHO these people are and WHY they're doing this.It's obvious whoever wrote the film really understood their history...though some viewers who DON'T might feel a bit lost. Also, understand that the film is NOT totally accurate...and it never intends to be. Instead, it takes history and tries to re-interpret it..as if some Spectre-like organization is manipulating things. In many ways, it's an AU (alternate universe)....like some of the Marvel movies or the books of Harry Turtledove.So did I enjoy it? Absolutely....and probably more than the folks who DID see the previous two films first judging by the other reviews. It's a rare case where possibly seeing this sequel FIRST was actually a good thing! A very interesting and exciting film...and it really makes me want to see the other two movies.
5 .......And once that line is uttered, the film finally picks up, it's just a shame that the previous two hours were so bland and mundane.During the Great War, a former soldier turned pacifist is forced back into action when the forces of evil threaten to keep the war from ever ending.......I'm very fond of Matthew Vaughn and his films. Layer cake was an outstanding film, and he breathed life into the ailing X-Men franchise with first class. But this franchise has been a very strange one from the off.This prequel has Ralph Fiennes as the originator of the said Kingman, and because he's renounced violence, he forbids his son to take part in the Great War.So for the first to acts of the film we have Fiennes sipping whiskey, having suits fitted, and seeing Rhys Ifans totally embarrassed playing Rasputin. The plot features a heavily accented Scot who lives at the top of a mountain, being very angry, and taking his rage out on goats. From what there is of a plot, he wants to carry on the Great War, and tries to get three identical cousins to start a war, after all they are leaders of their respective ountries.Meanwhile, we get Fiennes getting his son involved in his secret group, and finally his son begins to realise that his dad isn't as boring.Now this is the part that surprised me the most. I was expecting the film have Fiennes pass the crown to his son come the end of the movie, but Vaughn treated us to a very big surprise just halfway through the film.It's a bland affair, action set pieces are boring and unimaginative, and the final reveal of the villain just mad me think 'really?'It also reminded me greatly of 1998's Avengers (Which Fiennes also starred in), and the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen.It's all a little bit boring, and you can really feel the run time.I think the franchise is dead now.Small mercy I suppose.
6 Kingsman: The Secret Service was one of the biggest surprises in a cinema I've had in the last decade. I remember being excited for it but I never expected to fall in love with it as much as I did and the film still holds up every time I rewatch it. I even enjoyed The Golden Circle, it's not perfect and nowhere near as good as the original but I still get a lot of enjoyment out of it. But from the moment The King's Man was announced I just couldn't understand why it was being made. I don't dislike the idea of doing a prequel film but I thought the franchise would be better suited to finishing up the Harry/Eggsy story first before going into spin off and prequel territory. I was hoping this film would surprise me by being a different kind of entry for the franchise but unfortunately it was every bit as pointless as I feared it would be.I think the thing that stops this film from being bad overall is it's central characters. Ralph Fiennes is great in this film, he is as perfectly cast in this role as Colin Firth was in the 2015 original. He brings all the charm and etiquette you'd expect from this type of character while being completely capable in all the action scenes. I also really liked newcomer Harris Dickinson, he gives a really good performance and has great chemistry with Fiennes. I liked that Vaughn didn't just make him an Eggsy clone, he's a very different character and much more stern and serious and it works surprisingly well. Djimon Hounsou and Gemma Arterton made for really likeable and entertaining side kicks and they actually ended up stealing the movie for large portions. Most of the villains I found to be underwhelming but with the exception of Rhys Ifan who may have ultimately been the best part of the entire experience for me. He was delightfully over the top, capable and threatening in all the fight scenes and hilariously funny, it's only a shame that he wasn't in the film more.I think The King's Man best finds it's footing in it's 3rd act. It's when all of the masses exposition start to pay off in some way and it's in this part of the film that it truly starts to feel like a proper Kingsman prequel. I started to recognise the tropes I love in those other two films and I have to praise that this did make the film end on a reasonably solid note for me. However a fairly good ending doesn't make up for the nearly 2 hour slog that The King's Man is leading up to that 3rd act. Vaughn spends most of the film trying to compress years of history into a 2 hour runtime and it feels unbelievably messy as a result. While I liked most of the action sequences they are few and far between and I have to say that I found the film boring for the most part. I think Vaughn was a little bit too devoted to real life events and I think he may have benefitted from taking some more creative liberties that better suited the Kingsman universe.In addition to how poorly paced the film was I also have no idea what Vaughn's ultimate vision for it was. The tone shifts between being a serious war drama and a more over the top spy film constantly, sometimes in the same scene, and these two styles do not mix well. The film spends large portions devoted to the trenches of World War One just to abruptly switch to the goofy, moustache twirling villains plotting their evil plans to take over the world and it just makes those more serious moments feel cheap by comparison. It's hard to feel like I'm watching a Kingsman film when I'm watching the battle sequences and it's hard to feel like I'm watching a war movie in those more Kingsman oriented scenes.I think there is a potentially good prequel somewhere inside this movie but it's buried underneath messy storytelling and two polar opposite tones that make me confused as too what kind of film I'm supposed to be watching. Thankfully it's central characters lift the film up somewhat and it's not without its entertaining and effective scenes but I just don't think Vaughn had a clear idea for what he wanted to do with this prequel. I think the best thing the franchise could do now is finish up the Harry/Eggsy trilogy and end things on as strong a note as possible.6.2/10 - C+ (Middling)
6 This is a prequel to Kingsman: The Secret Service (2014). Orlando (Ralph Fiennes) is the pacifist Duke of Oxford. He, his wife Emily, and their young son Conrad visit a British concentration camp in South Africa for the Red Cross. Emily is killed and he promises her to protect Conrad at all cost. With the impending First World War, Conrad is itching to join but Orlando refuses to let him go. Unbeknownst to them, there is a sinister force pushing the European empires into a devastating conflagration.There is a bit of awkwardness in reworking history. Apparently, a Scottish nationalist is responsible for WWI. Rasputin was a vampire... Now that's interesting. I wouldn't mind that movie. He seems to be a good boss level. That fight is fun. That should have been the story. Instead, the movie keeps going and going and going. Sometimes it's fine but mostly it meanders. Prequels are often problematic since the ending is pre-set with no surprises. This one is no different. It has various problems but Rasputin is really fun.
4 The first film The Secret Service is great fun, and the second The Golden Circle was worthwhile, this third installment in the franchise is a prequel.If you see Matthew Vaughn and his films, he breathed life into the ailing X-Men franchise with first-class and he directed two sequels of this franchise, but on this one Vaughn seems to have trouble deciding what kind of story he wants to tell - is it a dramatic tale of the tragedies that arise with war, or is it a wacky action-adventure, complete with ballet battles, bisexual villains, and over-the-top set pieces? He tries to do both, and misses the mark, creating a confusing, convoluted, and overly lengthy story - albeit one that can be entertaining.A few action scenes were certainly exciting, as a whole "The King's Man" weaves a tale that is more about the horrors of war and violence than about the titular secret service agency that we've all come to know and love. A large majority of this movie involves political conversations that lack the character personality needed to make such conversations entertaining to watch. Instead, characters take the dialogue very seriously which, frankly, is boring to watch, and you can really feel the run time.At the end, I think this franchise is dead now.
9 A more grounded prequel that is stylish and has a lot more dialogue maybe that was a issue to some cause of the pacing but I loved it regardless! I love Rasputin one of the great villains there was a few awesome ones. Matthew Vaughn's action is so great the spinning, unique camera shots and crazy stunt work that is always impressive in his projects. Ralph Feines is great I really like his acting. Even if the prequel wasn't necessary or felt right times it's definitely worth it!
3 First things first, this is not a Kingsman movie.As far as I can tell this film was already written, which was a fairly poor and confused film, and then they put in 3 or 4 minor callbacks to the Kingsmen movies.By confused, I mean that this film could not decide if it was a war film, a spy movie, an action film or a drama.It changes its mind abruptly, and changes its mind several times about the moral of the film.The moral centre of any film is not something I care about in a film, or even think about it usually, but this film really crams its morality down your throat.Then it changes its mind about its morality, and crams that morality down your throat. Then it changes its mind, and crams the new moral centre of the film down your throat.It wasn't a good film. It was poorly written and poorly edited, and seems like a first draft that needed several drafts to iron out the kinks and its repeated tonal shifts, and to make it seem like a third draft film rather than a first draft nobody could be bothered to rewrite.
7 With his son Conrad yearning to fight in the trenches, Duke Orlando Oxford (Ralph Fiennes) reveals that he is part of a secret underground organisation dedicated to protecting King and country, hoping that Conrad will opt to join his team of spies rather than enlist in the army.Tonally, The King's Man is all over the place.The film starts out like a boring Wednesday afternoon history lesson, with forty minutes of early 20th-century European politics relayed in a dreary manner that'll have many reaching for the off switch. Then suddenly, out of nowhere, the film goes completely crazy as Grigory Rasputin (Rhys Ifans) enters the fray, shaking things up with some perverse thigh licking and a bizarre fight scene against Orlando, the mad monk whirling and twirling into battle, combining exhilarating swordplay with cossack dancing to breathtaking effect.Next, director Matthew Vaughn shifts the tone to grim reality, depicting the horrors of WWI, as Conrad Oxford finally volunteers to serve his country at the front. This part is similar to Sam Mendes' 1917, Conrad leading a daring mission into no-man's land to retrieve vital information from an injured British spy. A night-time encounter with enemy soldiers is brutal, bloody and realistic- a far cry from the comic-book violence of the previous Kingsmen movies-and Vaughn concludes this part of the film with an unexpected shock.A bit more dull history follows, but the film picks up pace for the final in which our heroes storm the mountain top fortress of the cabal who have been plotting to control Europe. It's a fun finish to this uneven film, the final act delivering plenty of the R-rated Boy's Own-style action and adventure that fans of the series will have been expecting.As muddled as the film is, I actually wound up having a lot of fun with The King's Man: the rather boring history parts prove to be a necessary evil for understanding the plot, and the rest of the movie feels like several films rolled into one, providing more bang for your buck. And at the end of the day, we surely have to be grateful for the the fact that Elton John is nowhere to be seen.6.5/10. Rounded up to 7 for IMDB.
5 Well so far the first movie was really good but second one and this one where not that good.Too many boring parts on this movie i almost turned it off half way.
3 'Turned it off halfway through, couldn't hold my interest ..it became background noise like a radio on a building site.'Yup, that's exactly as I saw it. Blah, blah, blah. And the worst part... I have to walk the dvd back to the store! (Yup we still have a local dvd store lol) Waste of 3!
2 World War 1 was called at the time, "the war to end all wars". Tens of millions died. The intricacies of how this conflict came about are complex. This movie reduces it all to comic book claptrap. The assassination of King Ferdinand, the influence of Rasputin and the slaughter of the Romanov family each deserve, and have received in the past, in depth films. Here they are fodder for the fans of trite entertainment. The premise is ridiculous. The special effect are laughable out of place. What was Ralph Fiennes thinking when he signed on to this drivel?
10 Confidently directed, dark, brooding, and packed with impressive action sequences and a complex story, The Dark Knight includes a career-defining turn from Heath Ledger as well as other Oscar worthy performances, TDK remains not only the best Batman movie, but comic book movie ever created.
10 I got to see The Dark Knight on Wednesday night, the reason though why I'm writing this movie comment this late is because I didn't wanna just jump and say this movie was awesome, I wanted to think it through, still today, I can't stop thinking about this movie! The Dark Knight lives up to it's hype and goes beyond it, this is the Batman movie that goes where no other Batman movie has gone before. It gave us a real sold story, we are finally told why the villains are the way they are, how all the injustice in the world can get underneath Batman's skin, how you have to believe that people still have faith in good on Earth. Heath Ledger, I absolutely loved Jack Nicolson's performance in the 1989 film, when I first read that Heath was signed onto The Dark Knight, I was like "What are they, kidding?", once you see The Dark Knight... Heath was incredible! I'm not going to compare Jack and Heath's performance, because they were two different versions of the Joker, but Heath's Joker was definitely the more scary and intense of the two nominations. You didn't know what he was going to do next, he was so crazy, he was also so charismatic to the point where you could relate to his character, and the worst part is not only that he's crazy, he's driving Gotham crazy and treating everyone like little puppets on strings that he can control, and guess what, he is doing it so well with a smile on his face. This was so much more than a Batman film, this was so much more than a comic book film, The Dark Knight truly delivers with drama, action, romance, horror, dark humor, the study of a psychopathic killer, a detective story. The force behind this epic movie is Christopher Nolan, who's previous film, Batman Begins, didn't really thrill me, but his incredible film making is truly shown in The Dark Knight, the shots that he got of Gotham City were absolutely fantastic and made you feel part of the city, part of the Batman story. One of the things that I absolutely loved about The Dark Knight is that normally with a comic book movie, you know it's not real, people don't dress up in costumes, and save the day, villains don't name themselves crazy names and dress in make up or crazy costumes, but The Dark Knight actually makes it seem incredibly real, like it could happen.Bruce Wayne is still learning how to be in his double life of Batman and himself, he has lost Rachel to the new district attorney, Harvey Dent, he's inspiring others who are dressing up as Batman and are trying to take on the villains of the city themselves. But things are much worse when the Joker waltzes into town, and he's going to bring Hell upon Gotham City. Constantly playing with Gotham's mind and trying to get Batman to reveal himself, Batman has never dealt with such a psychopathic genius before. The Joker has named himself as the "Classy Villain that Gotham needs", he also has brought a new thought into Batman's head of them actually being more alike than different, that Batman completes him, the Joker would be nothing without him. But Batman is relying on Harvey Dent, who is Gotham's "White Knight" trying to put all of Gotham's scum in jail. But when the Joker plays Batman and Commissioner Gordon, Harvey and Rachel find themselves in very horrific position and Harvey must discover if he will die a hero or live long enough to become a villain.All the performances are dead on in this movie, now everyone's going crazy over Heath Ledger's performance, but one performance I would also love to credit is Aaron Eckhart who plays Harvey Dent/Two Face, his performance was just as great as Heath's and made Two Face a human villain. You could understand his hatred and vengeance on what happened to him and why he became Two Face. I know that everyone is saying this but I truly mean when I say this is one of the best movies I have seen in a very long time. We had some great movies these past few years, but I think The Dark Knight is seriously something special, but I don't wanna build it up too much since some people go to the theater expecting my words to be the same as your own. In my opinion though this is not a great movie, I can't come up with a word describe how incredibly powerful this movie was, to be honest I would go above a 10 rating if I could; this is the Batman film that we have been waiting for. I've seen it twice in one weekend, I'm going to see it three times this upcoming week, I don't mind one bit. I can't wait for the sequel and I would just like to say RIP to Heath, wish he could have seen his breath taking performance as The Joker.10/10
10 This movie is a work of art. The finest sequel ever made. I don't think we will see another movie like this for a long time. Heath Ledger's Joker is the best movie charachter I have ever seen by far. Avengers Endgame is great, but The Dark Knight is much better. The best Batman ever! The best Joker ever! The best DC movie ever! The best superhero movie ever! Ando for me, the best movie ever!
10 I couldn't believe "The Dark knight" could live up to the hype. That's perhaps the biggest surprise. The secret, I believe, is a stunning, mature, intelligent script. That makes it the best superhero movie ever made. As if that wasn't enough, Heath Ledger. He, the newest of the tragic modern icons present us with a preview of something we'll never see. A fearless, extraordinary actor capable to fill up with humanity even the most grotesque of villains. His performance is a master class. Fortunately, Christian Bale's Batman is almost a supporting character. Bale is good but there is something around his mouth that stops him from being great. "The Dark Knight" is visually stunning, powerful and moving. What else could anyone want.
9 Dark, yes, complex, ambitious. Christopher Nolan and his co-writer Jonathan Nolan deserve a standing ovation. I don't usually go for loud movies filled with mindless gore and violence. "The Dark Knight" is certainly loud and violent but it's not mindless. It has depth and soul. Even the Joker, in an extraordinary creation by Heath Ledger, is deeply human. The natural petulance of Christian Bale makes his ego and alter ego the most fascinating and complex of all film superheroes. Part of the genius of this movie is that Batman himself, in screen time, is not really the lead. My attention was captivated by Heath Ledger and he determines and inspires the breathtaking atmosphere that envelopes Gotham as well as us. The aplomb of Christopher Nolan as a director is mind blowing and his secret, I believe, is his obvious respect for his audience. What he's done is to elevate a popular genre into Shakesperean proportions. Bravo!
10 It is just what you want for the best movie. Great story great acting, thrilling twist.
Just watched Joker in 2019, I just has to come back and give dark knight a 10. And thanks to Heath Ledger for the exceptional performs.
10 I think that I could wax lyrical but this movie all day. It is absolutely incredible from start to finish.This is the Batman trilogy's second outing. It's filled with hard-hitting action and almost every scene is absolutely enthralling to watch. The story is really good. The twists and turns keep the viewer constantly on their toes, especially in the third act of the movie. There are so many memorable scenes packed throughout this movie, so many quotes and ideas sprinkled throughout that you probably could analyze it for hours.Because while the action and story is incredible, it is the dynamic between the Batman and the Joker that really makes this movie what it is. It is all in the contrast between the two. Right against wrong. Chaos and anarchy versus order. The Joker is the perfect villain for Batman. Batman is literally, as said in the movie, a symbol. The very essence of the idea of the Batman is centered around order, rules and moral codes. He is the embodyment of what is right. The Joker challenges the very core and foundation of who Batman is and what he stands for. He is someone who doesn't follow any rules. He is pure chaos and anarchy personified. As he so perfectly states in the third act of the movie, while hanging upside down off of a building: "this is what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object". The Joker wants the Batman to go against his morals and to break his rules. The powerful thing is also that you can see why the Joker does what he does. In some ways he has a point and that also adds another layer to the character and to the dynamic between the two. It is truly an amazing battle. The brilliant acting from Heath Ledger is a major part of it too. He is absolutely incredible as the Joker. Rest in peace.I could probably go on further about how great I think this movie is but I'll just say this. Just watch the movie. You should watch the first movie of the trilogy first but if that is something you absolutely don't wan't to do I still think you should see this movie. It is just great.
10 Christopher Nolan's second bundle of joy "The Dark Knight" EXCEEDED all  of my expectations!!! With the success of 2005's reboot of the Batman  franchise, they took what was already established and expanded it,  amped it up, and gave a deeper, darker and brooding story that is more  gripping and the suspense is likely to catch you of guard several times  throughout. Christian Bale delves more deeper into Batman, sworn to  fight evil and injustice, though also quite reluctant and uncertain if  his crusade can ever end and cleanse his inner turmoil from his  fractured soul due to the murder of his beloved parents. But with the  help of his trusted butler/ally Alfred (played superbly by Michael  Cane) grounds him, gives him moral support, and keeps him in check. But  the real star of the show is Heath Ledger as Batman's most deadly  enemy, The Joker. I can HONESTLY tell you that: as good as Jack  Nicholson was in Batman'89 he is CHILD'S PLAY compared to this Joker.  He is sadistic, psychotic, and downright SCARIER and PSYCHOLOGICALLY  disturbing than the previous incarnation of The Clown Prince of Crime  and Ledger gives it his all to do him justice. Along with the original  cast comes some fresh faces such as Aaron Eckhart, Maggie Gyllenhaal  and more. I must say though I liked Katie Holmes, Gyllenhaal gives a  much better performance and is a far cry from the "damsel-in-distress"  stereotype (though there's a little of it, THANKFULLY) that's common in  films. Bale and Gyllenhall have MUCH better chemistry this time around  more so than Holmes. Even better, the fight sequences are vastly  improved and feature more brutal and bone crushing combat than "Begins"  in addition to new technology at Batman's disposal.  Also worth mentioning is screenwriter Jonathan Nolan, who gives the  film an added frosting to an already delicious cake.  Simply put, The Dark Knight is totally more bad ass than "Begins." The  action is great, and the plot is more deeper and engrossing. I applaud  Christopher Nolan, Christian Bale, and especially Heath Ledger (who  sadly passed away earlier this year) and all those aboard for believing  in Mr. Nolan's talents for this second installment. Although some may  feel a bit of melancholy over Ledger's death, but as a final note I  will say this sincerely from my heart: Remember Heath Ledger and honor  him in your minds and hearts not only for his performances, but as a  human being and father to his daughter Matilda  Ledger. May we issue him best wishes for his family and friends and his  daughter for years to come. Remember . . . Honor him not only for this  role and past roles, but as an incredible individual and talented  actor.  Rest in peace. Heath Ledger: 4/4/1979-1/22/2008.
9 Oh boy.. there's a reason why this movie is so popular. IT'S BRILLIANT!Remarkable acting, Heath Ledger's performance as Joker felt so realistic, I totally enjoyed the chemistry between Joker and Batman in this movie.What I didn't like was : how Harvey got his scars..it felt kinda rushed, and the shaky cam is still there, not so prominent as Batman Begins, but still..
10 I had the pleasure to watch this movie in an IMAX theatre in London (it advertises itself, with the slogan "Biggest screen in the UK"), which was one of the greatest movie experiences I had in my life. And it was my first movie in an IMAX theatre. I can only recommend it for anyone who has the chance to watch it, even if not the entire movie is shot for an IMAX theatre, this still is able to blow someone away! Great visuals combined with a great story and superb acting.The movie could also have been called "The Joker", but even with Heath Ledgers great performance, this still is a Batman movie. And "The Dark Knight" is clear enough, even without the Batman in the title. I simply loved the movie, but I heard some complaints from some friends. It seems that some might have a problem with the depiction of the characters (I loved Heath Ledger, but there are a few out there who would have wanted to see him even crazier) or the plot threads (especially what is done with the character of Aaron Eckhart). Although I can see why that might be a problem for fans of the comic books, I still stand by my vote. This is the best Batman movie ever (until hopefully Nolan and Bale make the next one)!
10 I think the big question...or the question everyone actually cares about is this: Is Christopher Nolan's follow up to the critically acclaimed 2005 film "Batman Begins," The Dark Knight, as good as everyone is saying? Quite simply, yes, yes it is. There is no doubt about it, one of the most anticipated movies of the 21st century duly deserves every amount of praise lavished onto it. This is no ordinary superhero movie, this is a character and dialogue driven piece, not as action orientated as you might expect.I will not go into plot details, because there is a lot of it. However, a basic one sentence summary is: Batman now has to face his most cunning and psychotic enemy, someone with no real motives...The Joker. Now that that is out of the way, I will start off with the actors (and boy, is there a lot to talk about). Christian Bale has done a tremendous job as our beloved Caped Crusader, with him already blowing everyone else out of water with "Batman Begins." Bruce Wayne has a flawed personality that hangs on the balance between righteousness and criminal. His perception of justice causes an emotional and personal shift, whether he is a wealthy businessman who fights crime in a gadget-riddled suit or just a normal man who is sick of all the scum in Gotham City and decides to give the law-breakers a dose of their own medicine. Because of this, and Bale's tremendous acting, Bruce Wayne is justified, and we emphasise with Bale's flawed hero more than any of the other actors. If there ever was an excellent Batman, this is it. The theme of right and wrong is played well with his character here.Of course, I am sure you all want know if Heath Ledger was that good. And I can safely say that he most definitely was. Ledger's Joker is not only the best, but is now the greatest superhero film villain ever. His performance is truly terrifying, chilling, brilliant; any synonyms of the previous adjectives. Every scene he is in is stolen. The Joker truly is Batman's worst villain; cunning and psychotic, nothing quite matches his laugh and sinister makeup. If Ledger nabs the Oscar for Best Actor, I honestly will not be surprised. It is a true tragedy to see such a talented actor fall at such a young age...All the other actors cannot be forgotten, though. Aaron Eckhart has definitely proved himself previously ("Thankyou for Smoking") as someone to watch out for. Here, as Harvey Dent (and later Two Face) he is very powerful. All he wants is justice; to bring down every single criminal. Eckhart is the definitive Two Face. Maggie Gyllenhaal as Wayne and Dent's love interest, Rachel Dawes is much better than Katie Holmes. Gyllenhaal's performance has substance, I really cared for her and her future and she was terrific in every scene. Michael Caine can do no wrong, and as Alfred Pennyworth he provides some comical and emotional scenes. Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox, although a limited role, does inject some sly humour and much needed morals into the story. Finally, Gary Oldman's Lt. James Gordon is riveting. He at least needs a Best Supporting Actor nomination for his performance as another crime-fighting hero who faces some challenging situations.Wally Pfister's cinematography is simply stunning. Gotham has never looked so good, so big and deep. His wide shots purvey a dirty aura and contribute to the feel of the film. Without it, it may not have been the same. Another Oscar worthy portion, THE MUSIC! With Hans Zimmer AND James Newton Howard at the helm, how could it go wrong? The score sets the mood in every scene, giving an epic and thrilling tone. During the action sequences it really ups the adrenaline. And on the topic of action, The Dark Knight succeeds in having the best fight sequences and car chases in a comic book adaptation yet. With no obvious or over-use of CGI, the explosions and accidents are the real deal. Thrilling, edge of your seat and violent, this is brutally awesome stuff.Nevertheless, none of this would be possible without Christopher Nolan, the man behind it all. Pairing up with the writer (and brother) Jonathon Nolan, the darkest Batman movie yet is the best, and the best so far this year. This does not feel like a comic book film, the dialogue and situations feel so realistic. And, it IS the script that drives this film. The dialogue is very, very well written and is the centre of the conflict and the movie.It may be bold to say this, but this is the best superhero film of all time. There are others that are magnificent ("Superman" and "X-Men" are two examples) but this is the most complex, the most dark and the most spectacular and epic of them all. See it for Bale, for Ledger, for the music, the action and for Nolan's flawless direction.5/5 and the best film of 2008 so far!!
9 January 2021 Totally one of the greatest movie titles ever made. Everything was great, filming, acting, story. Nothing to complain about
10 (Synopsis) Bruce Wayne/Batman (Christian Bale) continues to eliminate crime in Gotham City with the help of Lt. Jim Gordon (Gary Oldman) and the new District Attorney, Harvey Dent (Aaron Eckhart). The Dark Knight wants to finally get rid of organized crime for good and be free of their corruption. Batman soon finds that a new psychopathic mastermind known as the Joker (Heath Ledger) has taken over organized crime. The Joker's plan is to terrify the citizens and throw the city into chaos, and kill Batman. Batman takes the fight with the Joker personal, which makes him confront his own beliefs. The Joker is the most dangerous criminal that Batman has encountered, and he will need all his strength and vigilance to defeat him.(My Comment) This film just blew me away. Christian Bale is a natural as Bruce Wayne/Batman, and Michael Caine fits the part of Alfred, the trusted butler. Heath Ledger's performance as the sadistic Joker was absolutely disturbing and scary yet simply amazing. I would not want to meet the Joker in a dark alley, and whatever you do, don't ask him how he got his smile, especially, when he has a knife in his hand. Ledger's performance has turned the Joker into a new iconic movie villain image. Between all the punches, mayhem, and explosions, there is some good sinister dialog. The movie not only has a lot of action, it also tells the story of the internal struggle that Bruce Wayne is having with being the Batman hero. Bruce Wayne wants to be himself and maintain the difference between himself and Batman. Bruce must decide to follow the code or do what has to be done without affecting his own morals. The movie explores the literary themes of Hero verses Villain, as well as Order verses Anarchy, and the Joker explains to Batman that to have one you must have the other, and because of that, they will always be connected. The movie is long, but it went by so fast. You will love the last 45 minutes, because of the non-stop action with Batman in his new sonic suit and his BatPod. With all the explosions, body count, and the dark mood of the movie, I don't think parents should take young children. (Warner Bros. Pictures, Run Time 2:32, Rated PG-13)(10/10)
20 February 2020 A brilliant tense movie from the beginning to the end in which tells the story of the rising new menace in Gotham city known only as the Joker and how the Dark Knight has to reach his limits trying to control the havoc he breaks in Gotham city.The movie is an extraordinary piece of the filmmaking art in all its aspects, the plot is carefully and smartly written as a intricately wrought canvas, the character development is very satisfying, the movie was shot well and nicely directed, the epic score fits the scenes and add up to the whole visual experience, the acting was intense by all cast where each fit their role perfectly, specially Heath Ledger who managed after all these years of having the Joker around in comic books, animations, TV series and even movies to literally bring this complicated character with all its twisted, brilliant, sadistic, dark and sometimes funny personality to live on the big screen. This is the last movie that Heath Ledger filmed completely and I believe some how he saved the best for last as he managed to put an outstanding final act of a realistic Joker and managed to put a smile on our faces before death brings down the curtains on his talent.
10 Batman has always been my favourite superhero ever since the first time I heard about him because he his human with no powers, also he is much more questionable than any other superhero. The story of the film is about Batman, Lieutenant James Gordon, and new district attorney Harvey Dent beginning to succeed in rounding up the criminals that plague Gotham City. They are unexpectedly challenged when a mysterious criminal mastermind known as the Joker appears in Gotham. Batman's struggle against the Joker becomes deeply personal, forcing him to "confront everything he believes" and to improve his technology (which introduces the recreation of the Batcycle, known as the Batpod and the Batsuit was redesigned) to stop the madman's campaign of destruction. During the course of the film, a love triangle develops between Bruce Wayne, Dent and Rachel Dawes.There are now six Batman films and I must say that The Dark Knight is the best out of all of them. The title is good because that is what Batman actually is. It has been 3 years for the adventure to continue from Batman Begins but that entire wait was worth it. Gotham city is very Gothic looking and is very haunting and visionary. The whole movie is charged with pulse-pounding suspense, ingenious special effects and riveting performances from a first-rate cast especially from Heath Ledger who gave an Oscar nomination performance for best supporting-actor. It is a shame that he can't see his terrific work on-screen. The cinematography is excellent which is made so dark & sinister that really did suit the mood for the film. Usually sequels don't turn out to be better than the original but The Dark Knight is one of those rare sequels that surpasses the original like The Godfather 2. I also really liked the poster where the building is on fire in a Bat symbol & Batman is standing in front of it. Christopher Nolan is a brilliant director and his film Memento is one of my most favourite films. He hasn't made 10 movies yet and 3 of them are already on the IMDb top 250. Overall The Dark Knight is the kind of movie that will make the audience cheer in the end instead of throwing fruit & vegetables on the screen.
10 So it finally happened, a DC Comics movie adaptation that out-marveled the Marvel folks, and to such a degree that it might be quite a while before anything comes close to topping "The Dark Knight". This was the severely grim and gritty version of the Batman, ushered in by Frank Miller's initial treatment in the landmark graphic novel "The Dark Knight Returns" in 1986. Miller's portrayal of the iconic super hero took the gloves off as far as politically correct behavior goes. The movie explores this theme at many levels, and would have served up enough of a plot to keep this viewer interested even without the explosions, chases and general mayhem that modern day audiences need to get their fix on. Actually, the Joker summed it all up quite brilliantly hanging upside down from one of Batman's cables over the streets of Gotham, as noted in my summary line above. In the comic book world, they HAVE been fighting each other forever, or as long as forever exists since the creation of Batman back in 1939; the Joker came on the scene in 1940 in the comic, Batman #1.I don't think this could have been the same picture without Heath Ledger in the role of Batman's all time greatest nemesis. His portrayal blows away Jack Nicholson's performance in 1989's "Batman", and that's through no fault of Nicholson's. Today's films are a product of harsher and deadlier times, and it's striking that Ledger's characterization would define the Joker as an extremist, perhaps even a terrorist. More than once I found myself questioning what was going on during the opening bank robbery scene. The bad guys were offing each other based on instructions delivered by the Joker, and you suddenly come to the realization that this domino game had to end with one man standing. It's how we're introduced to Ledger's definitive Joker, a performance that won't be topped.Another thought came to me as I watched the story unfold, and that was how similar the coin toss gimmick paralleled the one in "No Country For Old Men". Harvey Dent (Aaron Eckhart) began using the tactic following the death of Rachel Dawes (Maggie Gyllenhaal), and I began picturing Javier Bardem in the role of The Joker. Hard to imagine who might have been the more evil character, Bardem's Anton Chigurh in a more realistic setting, or The Joker in a fictional Gotham City. Fortunately, not a choice one would normally have to consider.I'm a little bit on the fence as to Christian Bale's portrayal of The Batman. He's more than adequate as Bruce Wayne, but the voice he gives to the Dark Knight seems a bit melodramatic. Granted, he couldn't use the same voice as his alter ego, but there were times that it sounded so forced as to come across as parody, and other times just goofy, almost a throwback to the Adam West days of the TV Batman. Strange, but have you considered that no one ever calls him the Caped Crusader anymore either?All in all, great performances all around. Gary Oldman's portrayal of the new Commissioner Gordon was excellent, while Michael Caine as Alfred, and Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox were solid even with limited screen time. I thought about Katie Holmes just once while making a mental comparison when Maggie Gyllenhaal first appeared on screen. Truthfully, they looked similar enough to effect the transition smoothly to the point where it wasn't distracting for me in the least.Obviously, the set up for the next sequel was firmly set in place with the creation of Two Face, the now alter ego of District Attorney Harvey Dent. The rendering of Dent's burned face was boldly executed and quite marvelous in it's own grotesque way. I'll be looking forward to the next installment.And NOW, for a personal rant. I probably should put this in parentheses because it doesn't have anything to do with the movie, but for this picture to be #1 on the IMDb list of all time best movies after 4 days of release is incomprehensible, if not downright laughable (and I did rate it a 10 myself). I think there should be a moratorium of at least a couple of years before a film qualifies for IMDb ranking, giving the dust some time to settle from all the grand opening hoopla that surrounds a picture like this. I feel the same way about other recent movies like "No Country For Old Men" and "There Will Be Blood", both of which garnered numerous awards and fan approval. But if they're to be considered among the best films of all time, they'll be considered that way a decade from now without the need for multiple votes from over zealous fan boys.
10 I used to leave a theatre after seeing a highly anticipated movie, specifically a sequel, and be so revved up about what I saw that I would declare that movie to be the best of a series. After each of the prequel "Star Wars" films, I rated that one the best, as good as any of the originals...for a time, until my opinion balanced out and I had a more well-rounded take. For that reason, I steer away from that mindset, and did for "Dark Knight".Though my opinion is solidifying already after having seen a Warner Bros. screening last night, "Dark Knight" ably stands on its own with or without "Batman Begins". At a two and a half hour runtime, it's definitely an epic of a movie, but one that never runs out of gas. A delightful addition to this experience was a healthy amount of IMAX footage, which significantly adds to the feel of being on a personal, and gruesome, tour of Gotham City.Christian Bale plays such a well rounded Batman and Bruce Wayne, qualities that none of those who have donned the cowl before him have pulled off. I still have to remember that Bale is British since he speaks with such a spot on American accent. Bale has a particular slurring lisp that serves him quite well, charmingly for Bruce Wayne and threateningly for Batman.Countering him is the late Heath Ledger, who plays such a scary and creepy Joker that I found it impossible to NOT have chills half the time I saw him on screen. What really separates this brand of Joker from Jack Nicholson's portrayal is true unpredictability. It's obvious that, to be a good guy and think like the Joker, it really takes a toll, and it sure isn't easy. How exactly does one take him down when he's woven his harebrained plot around multiple hostages, explosives, or disappearing parlor tricks?Initially, I was uneasy about how the character of Harvey Dent would be handled. In my mind, there was really only one faithful portrayal of him, and that could be found in the "Batman" animated series of the early 90s. As well as Tommy Lee Jones COULD have handled him in "Batman Forever", he certainly did not, though it still was a highlight of that movie. Aaron Eckhart ably assumes the mantle here, delivering a performance out of this world, easily on par with the Batman animated series.Be it known, this caped avenger stands for the good of Gotham City that the police force and its counterparts can't represent, the good that has no jurisdiction, no procedures...and no rules, save for one. I can only hope that we've seen just the prelude to the Dark Knight's upcoming legendary battles with the worst of Gotham City's dark underside."The Dark Knight" gets a solid 10 of 10 stars.
9 If someone else acted as Joker, I would give the movie 7-8 stars. The majority of people ended up loving the villain more than the hero, and that rarely happends in movies.Rest in peace Heath Ledger.
10 I thought Batman Begins was a very well conceived and put together  movie. We finally get Batman as a fully rendered character. We gain new  insight into his motivations and the variables he must contend with in  his role as protector of Gotham. We get to see Gary Oldman as an  honest-to-goodness good guy. And we get to see Liam Neeson conducting  perhaps his strangest facial hair experiment yet.  But after seeing The Dark Knight, Batman Begins will forevermore be  viewed (by me at least) as a handy little prologue to a FRICKIN'  MASTERPIECE of a superhero film.  To say it's the deepest mainstream comic adaptation ever produced would  be akin to calling the Nolan/Ledger Joker 'a bit eccentric'.  While watching it, I found myself thinking it was very long, which is  usually a sign that it's TOO long, and therefore boring. But that's not  actually the case here. The script is bulging with ideas, philosophical  musings, THEMES, which Christopher Nolan is not content to gloss over  in favour of cool set-pieces (as many comic adaptations are), but wants  to explore, wants to allow the characters to explore, at a logical  pace. So, what I guess I'm saying is, considering what it sets out to  do, the movie is long ENOUGH, while still constantly holding the  viewer's interest.  And that's not to say the thematic exploration comes at the EXPENSE of  big action, either. On the contrary, there is some truly awesome stuff  going on here. The chase with the truck, for example, is fantastic, and  there's some great hand-to-hand stuff too.  But what engages us most is the characters, and, while the script is  brilliant (the dialogue is sharp, and quite funny for the first  two-thirds, before the drama really kicks in), this mainly comes down  to the cast.  Christian Bale. Taller than Michael Keaton was. More menacing than Val  Kilmer was. Less like Adam West than George Clooney was. Solid and  committed as always. He gives the character LIFE, and actually makes us  feel for him. The word 'tortured' keeps coming to mind...and I suppose  it's pretty appropriate.  Heath Ledger. Y'know, I'd heard talk of an Oscar nomination, and  thought it sounded a bit dubious. A Batman villain? Winning an Oscar?  Is that what it's come to? Then I thought, is it because he didn't get  one for Brokeback? Or more dubious still...is it because he...died?  But...well...how can I put it...?   It seems a bit blasphemous to compare Jack Nicholson to Cesar Romero,  but after seeing Heath at work...Jack (who once seemed so awesome) just  looks...well...lame.  If you've seen it, you hopefully get what I mean. If you haven't...you  need to. You will discover the true definition of commitment.  Maggie Gyllenhaal. I didn't have any problem with Katie in the first  one (at the time), but I doubt she could have pulled off the more  emotional stuff Rachel goes through here. Seeing recasting was  necessary (does Tom have a problem with his wife being involved with  Batman? Too many bad memories perhaps? Why am I even talking about such  garbage here?) they could have done a butt-load worse than Maggie. She  rocks.  As does Aaron Eckhart. But I'm not giving ANYTHING away. Suffice it to  say my mind was blown...AGAIN. Makes Tommy Lee Jones look like...you  get the idea.  Michael Caine. Still one of my favourite actors. Alfred is the shiz.  Morgan Freeman. Morgan Freeman. AOK.  Gary Oldman. As in BB, no mania. No psychosis. No nervous tics.  Absolute subtlety. Manages to hold his own alongside Christian, Heath  and Aaron without resorting to parlour tricks. Sign of spectacular  talent. Go Gaz.  Eric Roberts! William Fichtner! Michael Jai White! Tiny Lister!  The whole thing is just a big bag of thoughtful, well-executed  entertainment. It's equal parts cerebral and visceral. Ideas and  action.  I've liked every Batman movie so far (okay, besides Batman & Robin),  but this one makes them all look pretty bloody ordinary.
10 This is the best superhero movie ever made!!!! If you like to watch superhero movies then you should definitely watch this.However, I must say that this movie is much more than just a superhero movie. If you don't like superhero movie but want to watch a good drama/action movie then this is one of the best.
10 I have seen all the batman movies, and this one is the best about being about batman and how his work and the joker works agains each other. Nolan made a thiller out of a comic that is dark, gritty and never make you feels tired. Is one of the last epic movies ever made.Do you want to see one of the best thillers ever made? Go and watch it.
10 Although I don't think it is the fourth best movie ever made, as it is rated according to IMDb, I do think it stands head and shoulders above its super-hero peers, mainly because it is NOT a superhero movie. Batman is a mere mortal with lots of time to train himself physically and money to design the nifty gadgets he uses.Everybody on earth has seen this film, so no use regurgitating the plot. I think Heath Ledger's rendition of The Joker is a masterpiece. Every time he leaves the screen I keep waiting for him to come back. Ledger should have won the best actor Oscar rather than supporting actor, because this is really a two leading man film - Bale as Batman and Ledger as The Joker. I always liked Jack Nicholson's rendition of the Joker in the 1989 film directed by Tim Burton, but Ledger just blows Nicholson's performance away. Maybe it is because Nicholson's Joker had a past and an explanation for his behavior, maybe it is because, after all, Nicholson's Joker just seems to be the wild side of the real Jack Nicholson where Heath Ledger never steps out of character for the entire film. Ledger's Joker is like the devil decides to become incarnate, but unlike Ray Milland's devil in "Alias Nick Beal" shows his true self - somebody who wants to break the spirits of people, to turn them on one another, to wantonly destroy property, people, whatever. That's reinforced when the police can find no name, no past, no prints, no DNA, not even a label in his clothes when they arrest him. His past is a great big question mark. I like Michael Caine's Alfred - it's good to have someone with relevant past combat and guerrilla experience be a wise father figure to Wayne in this role rather than just a kindly museum piece. Likewise, Morgan Freeman is pitch perfect as Lucius and Wayne's version of Q - somebody who invents his gadgets and runs his business since this really is not where Wayne's mind is, Freeman gives the performance the perfect balance of humor, business acumen, and conscience. And finally I like the fact that Rachel, Bruce Wayne's love interest, is not played by someone who is some unrealistic 10.5/10. She's a cute girl, but her attributes lie in her mind and her heart as well.The negatives - I think Harvey's transformation into Two Face is a little too pat. I don't know why Batman has a totally different voice from Bruce Wayne. Is he doing that on purpose? And I think I found one editing error. Gordon in the end talks about how hard it will be to cover up Harvey/ Two Face's murders including "two cops". Harvey let crooked cop Ramirez live and just knocked her out. But if she had lived then Gordon and Batman's plan to cover up Harvey's crimes would never have worked because she would have known what happened. So which scene was wrongly included/scripted? I'd recommend it as one of the better films made since the turn of the century that was also a blockbuster.
10 This is definitely the best of the trilogy mainly thanks to the intensity of the jokers characters sadly heath ledger didn't live for the part 3 else he would have stolen the show again.
10 An amazing beginning gets even better with the sequel. From the start to the end this truly is the best superhero movie, but it does t feel that way. It feels so realistic and so believable as the world that is built by Christopher Nolan is so dense and aesthetically pleasing that the events that take place are seen by the audience as being real, which is why it doesn't feel like a over the top superhero movie, it's movie of a crime film. Anyway, the action...10/10 its so good because of the practical effects which leads back to the realism of the movie. The acting...10/10 you know what I mean...Heath Ledger will always be a legend and Christian Bales performance is great as always. All this is great but the part that is the best is the plot, it is so well put together and everything flows so smoothly. The only boring parts was near the beginning when there was some long but needed dialogue which really wasn't bad at all. The whole structure is so fluid and leaves you on the edge of you're seat the whole way through it. One complaint I have though is the slight comedy placed in the movie, it just feels out of place amongst the serious tone throughout the movie. Besides that I don't know what else to say...it is great in every way conceivable. 10/10EDIT: I forgot to mention the absolutely incredible soundtrack as well.
10 Arguably the best superhero film ever, Nolan follows Begins with a dazzling sequel that delivers on every level. Ledger's Joker remains the definitive take on the character, while Eckhart tries valiantly to keep up as Harvey Dent. Bale's ridiculous growl is forgivable, as the film reaches levels we didn't think possible after the 90s Batman films. Magnificent 10/10.
6 Greetings again from the darkness. Discotheques and Night Clubs were regularly referred to as 'meat markets', and all movie lovers are familiar with the term 'meet-cute'. It's rare for meat and meet to merge into a cautionary tale of modern-day dating, but that's what we get from director Mimi Cave's first feature film and a script from Lauryn Kahn (IBIZA, 2018). This twisted film should slide easily into the Midnight Movie rotation for those looking for a slicer, rather than a slasher.Daisy Edgar-Jones ("Normal People", 2020) stars as Noa, a twenty-something frustrated with the results of digital dating apps. Her experience is a case study on the challenges of meeting someone special, or even someone not psychotic, through a dating app. She swipes right on a cute puppy picture, and almost immediately receives an unwanted 'private' shot. When she does agree to have dinner with one guy, he criticizes her fashion, yearns for old-fashioned femininity, makes her pay half, and doesn't bother to hold the door for her. Noa tells her close friend Mollie (Jojo T Gibbs) that she's done with dating for a while, and who can blame her?Not long after that trainwreck date, and when she's least expecting it, Noa gets her meet-cute in the produce aisle at the grocery store. Steve (Sebastian Stan who plays Bucky Barnes in the Marvel Universe) is a charming, good-looking guy and she agrees to give him her number. Their first date is filled with the usual background Q&A stuff, but it's clear that Noa and Steve have some chemistry. The reason this works cinematically is that director Cave allows us to view Steve through Noa's eyes. Just like her, we are diligently searching for red flags, remaining on high alert for signs something is off. But plastic surgeon Steve's early warning signs only become noticeable much later (too late) after his true self is revealed.Steve's true-self-revelation is a doozy, and the opening credits pop up just after the gut-punch, approximately 40 minutes in. While the first act plays a bit like a traditional rom-com with all the associated romantic awkwardness, the stunningly plausible shift jerks us and Noa in a different direction. Additional supporting work is provided by Dayo Okeniyi as an initially helpful bartender whose recognition of horror film tropes prevent him from taking any heroic action, and Charlotte Le Bon as a surprise addition to the proceedings. But it's the performances and the twisted chemistry of Ms. Edgar-Jones and Mr. Stan that allows the premise to work and Act 3 to not quite slip into full blown absurdity. Without giving anything else away, I can admit that this referendum on dating and people, presented as a horror film, struck me as a blend of PROMISING YOUNG WOMAN (2020), GET OUT (2017), and a personal favorite, EATING RAOUL (1982).Streaming exclusively on HULU beginning March 4, 2022.
5 I must admit that I was initially intrigued by the synopsis for this 2022 thriller titled "Fresh" from writer Lauryn Kahn and director Mimi Cave. However, I hadn't heard about the movie prior to sitting down to watch it, so I wasn't sure what I was in for here. But with it being a new movie that I hadn't already seen, of course I opted to give the movie a viewing.And while the concept idea behind "Fresh" certainly was interesting or fresh, pardon the pun, then it was a movie that was oddly bland and generic. Sure, there were aspects to the storyline that had weight and leverage to it, but overall, then the movie was just lacking spice, pardon the pun.Sure, it was a fun jab at today's meat market with the dating apps and services, I get that, but at the same time the movie was just a bit too generic and predictable."Fresh" has a relatively small cast ensemble, but I will say that the actors and actresses in the movie definitely rose to the occasion and carried the movie quite well. It was just a shame that they had so little to work with in terms of a properly entertaining and enjoyable script. I was not familiar with the cast that performed in the movie, so that was something that I enjoyed at least.Visually then "Fresh" was adequate. It is not a gory movie, as director Mimi Cave doesn't delve into the full-blown gore and macabre. Most of the gruesome things are left to the imagination, for better or worse.I found "Fresh" to be suitable for a single viewing, but that was about it. This is not a movie that I will be returning to watch a second time, as the storyline just simply doesn't have the ingredients to support more than a single serving, pardon the pun.My rating of "Fresh" lands on a very bland five out of ten stars.
7 First of all, there is not a single minute of this movie that would classify it as a comedy. It is a dark and disturbing suspense/horror movie.I'm not a horror fan, but I liked this one. I had an uneasy feeling throughout the majority of it (you'll see why). The acting was better than most films of this type.
8 8/10 - Daisy Edgar-Jones, Sebastian Stan, and Jojo T. Gibbs all turn in solid performances in this unique, wonderfully weird, slightly repulsive, and entrancing horror comedy (with a fantastic payoff) that is perfect for fans of fellow Searchlight release, Ready or Not.
9 Fresh (2022) is a movie I recently watched on Hulu. The storyline follows a single lady a little desperate to find a half decent date. She finds a nice guy and they date for several weeks and then he pops the big question, "would you like to take a cabin trip?" She's excited and goes changing her life forever...This movie is directed by Mimi Cave in her directorial debut and stars Daisy Edgar-Jones (War of the Worlds), Sebastian Stan (Captain America: Winter Soldier), Jojo T. Gibbs (Twenties), Dayo Okeniyi (See) and Andrea Bang (Luce).The storyline for this is very well paced and delivered. I really liked the plot, characters and how the circumstances unfold. There is really good dialogue and chemistry between the characters and intensity in the circumstances. The horror elements are subtle and while I watched the film unfold I was a bit disappointed there wasn't much gore, especially with this premise; however, the ending is so strong and well done it makes up for it.Overall this is a fantastic "new" addition to the horror genre at a time horror fans are starved for something new and original. I would score this an 8.5-9/10 and strongly recommend it.
7 Fresh depicts the horrors of modern dating seen through one young woman's defiant battle to survive her new boyfriend's unusual appetites. This movie goes pretty off the rails and for good reason. Writer Lauryn Kahn is no stranger to rom-coms having several flops in the past. For this feature, she toys around with the horror genre to give a unique perspective both taken literally and metaphorically. The first 30-minutes are setup like a pleasing romantic movie. I quite enjoyed that beginning. Daisy Edgar-Jones and Sebastian Stan have a cute relationship and great chemistry, which lasts throughout. After that first half hour, the movie starts to pick up and show a darker side. In fact, the opening credits don't happen until then. What comes next is absurd and chilling. Without Mimi Cave's direction, her feature debut fun fact, I doubt the movie would work. She makes this both an uncomfortable and entertaining watch all together. Her techniques may not all be foreign to the horror genre and it definitely can be predictable at times, yet I feel she pulls it off.I mentioned our two leads before, and they get even better as the movie progresses. Edgar-Jones gives a fully committed performance proving once again she's a great newcomer within the past few years. I really liked her character and how she's able to pull of a good performance to please others in the most desperate of times. Sebastian Stan does well in this role and is completely mesmerizing. Once this hits Hulu in March, there are going to be a few meme-able moments with him and quite the talk surrounding his character. Another good performance comes from Jojo T. Gibb's as the friend trying to piece this mystery together. There's a couple characters that make their entrance but feel like they serve no purpose once they get their time to shine. In the climax, I expected more from them but their works are easily resolved. And the movie ends abruptly if you ask me. As a whole, the runtime is close to two hours. It overstays its welcome with scenes that go nowhere and a few missing pieces never to return to. As much as I liked the beginning, I feel as if that could've been chopped down some even though the half hour mark throws you in for a loop. Not everything is entirely new and it could be better, but the performances and Mimi Cave's work pulls it together. This will for sure gain a cult following in the future and connect with some in such a way. I can't say it all worked for me, it's a bit messy and too long, but still a solid watch.
6 Firstly imagine how much money Steve would have made off of Sheila from Santa Clarita diet. Fresh is not what I expected, it's not a comedy and even though it's quite gory I can't call it a horror either but that's the nearest genre you could give it. It's not there to scare you out your couch or sleep; maybe out of your dating life but that's about it. It's a romance gone wrong. I like how it combines two of my favorite genres because I'm a sucker for lovey dovey movies but then it takes a turn. The first part of the movie is quite normal, girl with an inauspicious dating life to say the least, meets a seemingly nice guy and they hit off. A meet-cute I believe it's called. The opening credits roll in after 30min as if to signal the end to that and start of something else. A 30min intro.I guess it's the hopeless romantic side of me that led me to believe for a split second this was going to turn into a romcom, then it didn't and I thought oh so he's gonna end up being the molesting type, and it took another, even worse turn. All my premeditations just kept getting crossed out for something worse so I just stopped assuming. My assumptions were actually going to be easier to stomach than how it actually turned out. And how he thought he could get Noa to see things his way too, I guess that's how he met his wife Ann so he probably thought he could pull it off.It's really quite a shocking and decent film, in an unsettling way and I liked it. It's not gory enough to put off an average viewer; it somehow sits on the edge where both a horror fan and non-fan could enjoy the movie. I think they should be a genre for movies like this one, like "Promising Young Woman", or "the invisible man" which I did love but didn't find it frightening enough to call a horror. And this definitely isn't a comedy, I don't know why it's described as such. It's uncomfortable to watch yet entertaining at the same time because it doesn't let itself become unwatchable which it easily could have been and I think that's exquisite directing.
4 This film presents itself as a basic romantic comedy that deteriorates into a dark comedic thriller. What could have been an intriguing horror, however, sadly proves to be just as basic as the premise it begins with. Although the cast does well with what they are given, the most interesting characters are not fully illustrated, creating a missed opportunity to study the characters and their mindsets. This film attempts to be an homage to psychological horror films but lacks the screen presence and insightful characters to do so. The tone is inconsistent, with serious issues being portrayed horrifyingly real while having the killer be over-the-top in his execution. The cinematography while at times spectacular also has a basic look to it that makes the film feel cheap and generic. The film also recycles plot elements of better-executed films, making this one feel lost in the mix. By no means is this an abomination to cinema, but because of its generic characteristics, lacks the elements to feel memorable, creating an overall missed opportunity of an intriguing concept.
5 Just as she tires of the dating scene, a woman meets her ideal man ... but he only wants her for her body.Latest episode in the Canadian (and French) obsession with body horror. It's an aesthetic that doesn't happen to appeal to me - each to his own - but when it manages to reveal something about life I'm all ... pierced ears.This opens as a well written rom-com, with a long prologue nicely observing a bad date and the gallows-humour shared by veterans of the dating-trenches. Then it all goes wrong as we plunge in to the psycho-captivity of a serial killer, which leads to a pretty bland sequence of events.The production is stylish, performances good, and the music interesting - sometimes ironic or humorous. A big problem is that the action in the climax is handled ineptly as the actors flounce about to little purpose. But the biggest problem is that it's all one long platitude: through no fault of their own, women are badly treated by men and are entitled to stick up for themselves. And it takes 114 mins to tell us what we knew all along. To make things worse, there's only a vague insight into the killer and the people around him (one of whom appears and disappears without explanation), so the scenario just presents as a flat revenge fantasy. The most intriguing character is the killer's wife, but the reason for her role in the cruelty passes by without a thought.Watch Eat (2014) instead, a genuine body horror with something to say about craziness.
8 If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free thoughts, please follow my blog to read my full review :)"FRESH is an unforgettably shocking start to another Sundance Film Festival, holding all of the characteristics to end up as one of the absolute favorites.Mimi Cave delivers an extraordinarily captivating, assertive directorial debut, taking Lauryn Kahn's original, gruesome screenplay to the next level. Sebastian Stan demonstrates his ludicrous range, while Daisy Edgar-Jones gives a breakthrough performance that may warrant a couple of awards by the end of the festival.With an extremely engaging yet too quick first act, the viewers are immediately grabbed by the endearing love story that slowly builds up to a brutally impactful revelation, leading the movie into a rabbit hole of (in)tense, suspenseful, surprising developments.The last twenty minutes are the definition of insanity."Rating: A-
5 Daisy Edgar-Jones of "Normal People" fame and Sebastian Stan currently portraying Tommy Lee in "Pam & Tommy" have cemented themselves as favorites in my book, so just seeing their names attached to this project turns this into a must-see. Furthermore, the premise description and trailer are respectful enough not to give out spoilers, and instead the movie actually goes out of its way to keep the mystery until about 50 minutes into the story. When it gets going though, it's all silly, full of contrived moments. However, the one specific revenge act is quite satisfying to watch, I must admit. Overall this is a mixed bag, which you can actually follow along by just having it playing in the background while doing something else.
8 As "Fresh" (2022 release; 115 min.) opens, we got to know Noa, a twenty-something woman who is not having much luck on the dating scene. Then one night she gets to know a guy while at the grocery store. They hit it off, and before we know it, they are off on a weekend vacation...Couple of comments: this is the feature length debut of director Mimi Cave. Equally important, this is written by Lauryn Kahn ("Ibiza"). The way the movie is described by IMDb is utterly and completely misleading. This movie is not about "the horrors of modern dating". This is an outright scary movie, and a startling and disturbing one at that. I had no inkling whatsoever what was about to unfold. The movie is plot heavy so I really can't say much more about that. Even though the movie is unsettling, I will also say that this is one of the better movies I have seen so far this year. The two lead performances from Sebastian Stan (whom we saw most recently in "Pam & Tommy"), and British up-and-coming actress Daisy Edgar-Jones, are tops. Kudos must go to both Lauryn Kahn (for coming up with this idea) and Mimi Cave (for implementing into onto the screen). As a complete aside, I recently saw "Drive My Car", where the opening credits started rolling 40 min into the movie, something I cannot recall having ever seen before. Well, guess what: the opening credits for "Fresh" start rolling only about 35 min into it!"Fresh" premiered at this year's Sundance film festival, and not even two months later, it started streaming on Hulu. If you are in the mood for a scary movie that is at times disturbing and unsettling, I'd readily suggest you check this out, and draw your own conclusion.
5 This movie is just not good but also not bad. It's in the limbo of mixture of good and bad movies. It's just something... I need more characters for my review so I'm just typing to post this.
4 What the hell happened to movies where stuff like this is critically acclaimed?Flat, bad acting. Sebastian Stan is hamming it up, and he's the only decent part of this movie.Awful dialogue and script. For some reason, the screenwriter seems to be half-black, but she wrote every black person like a goddamn stereotype out of 90s RomCom. Such a predictable and generic script that felt like it was written by an AI.Also some decent shots in this movie but overall the movie was very poorly lit and the digital cinematography was flat and ugly. Is it really that hard to shoot on actual film? This director knows her way around a camera but she really does not know how to light a scene (especially at night). Also, this will most likely be some of the worst editing I'll see all year for a movie, I understand what they're going for, but it's incredibly ineffective and distractingI get that this is an "important" film but let's not kid ourselves and act like it's a good movie. 4/10.
9 It loses its momentum a few times due to one too many subplots but Fresh is an incredibly unique film that balances its extreme tonal shift skillfully, resulting in something equal parts darkly comedic and truly disturbing.Daisy Edgar-Jones gives a superb lead performance with a character that's easy to empathize and root for. She also has great natural chemistry with Sebastian Stan, who is phenomenal in a role that goes completely against his usual type.Mimi Cave's direction is excellent, super stylish and inventive. The soundtrack is amazing, full of songs so ironic for their corresponding scenes it's perfect. The music by Alex Sommers is also great, effectively haunting yet beautiful.
7 Noa (Daisy Edgar-Jones) and Mollie (Jojo T. Gibbs) are single best friends in the city. Noa is getting tired after another bad date. When she meets Steve (Sebastian Stan), she decides to give it one more shot but that's a mistake.It's a bit slow at the start. The bad date is more cliche than funny. It takes thirty minutes to get to the opening credits. This needs to get to the point a bit faster. Through it all, I do love the doey-eyed acting of Daisy Edgar-Jones. Sebatian Stan does well playing both ends of the spectrum. I would like for the girls to finish him off sooner but they never do in this type of movies. It's a fine midnight madness movie but it could have pushed harder.
4 Quite the wild ride but not necessarily the ride you might expect. The first half hour, before the titles (!), promises a romcom as good or better than the A-list Hollywood stuff. Then we abruptly segue into a horror/tortureporn story without any real warning. The only really scary thing here is the realization that the producers of the film are not treating cannibalism simply as a mental illness, like HANNIBAL for eg, they are in fact glorifying it. THAT should keep you up at night! By Act III it is clear the budget and the creativity ran out at the same time, and suddenly all you are watching is a bad indie with nowhere to hide.
5 One of the biggest disappointments of this beginning of year. The premise is good, the film is stylish, there is some cool editing here and there, some references are funny and it tries to say something (predatory relationships, how men treat women, current dating culture).However, this feels like fake. A film created by privileged people for priviliged people, trying really hard to check all the boxes. It has his audience, that audience will like it because it will see themselves represented but it does so so so little with the material, not going any deeper in anything it tries to explore. All the characters are what you expect them to be: stereotypical as hell. The horror? Nope. You clearly notice this was made by someone in LA, NY or any other big american city. It doesn't have the rawness we would see in a story like this from a French or a Japanese director. It's unbelievable how a cannibalism story can be this boring, but here we are.An interesting - not that great, but creates the right mood - first act, good final 15 minutes and between that a terribly generic and almost empty second act. It tires really hard to be the new Promising Young Woman, but it's pretty forgetable.
8 'Fresh' is very good - strong performances and perfectly chosen music are the main reasons for that.I wouldn't say it's perfect, just because I don't think it nails the split between humour and seriousness but apart from that it's a terrifically made film. Daisy Edgar-Jones and Sebastian Stan give excellent showings, while the music throughout is top notch. It's nicely paced and has an interesting story. Definitely one I'd recommend.
6 This is one of those films that actually has a really really interesting and out of left field twist that works in part........however the longer the film goes on the more silly, uninteresting and just plan dull the film gets. It needed a big ending and we didn't really get that sadly. It ends the way you thought it was going to end.Fantastic build up until then though, the first 45 minutes to an hour are really good!! Sebastian Stan and Daisy Edgar-Jones have great chemistry on screen but its not enough to keep me engaged towards the end.I will probably forget about this film and never watch it again, which is a shame!! It just needed one more reveal or twist towards the last 30 minutes and it might have stuck the landing........however that didn't happen, played it safe with the victims being saved. Which is odd considering the rest of the film isn't safe whatsoever!60% out of 100 its ok but had potential to me much much better than that!
8 This was Insane!!! Sebastian Stan killed it, Boy does he look creepy! Daisy Edgar-Jones, don't know much about her, but she nailed it as well.Both the leads were freaking amazing. Who would tell the film would take such a shady, twisted turn after the first half an hour of mild courtship. Now hear me out, do yourself a favour and go in blind, don't watch any of the trailers, or read any kind of synopsis for that matter as they might spoil the fun. Believe me, if you do just I say, you are in for a bucket full of surprises!If you ask me, I just finished watching it, and I'm sitting in complete silence, don't know what to say, I've lost for words right now. What was that? Like seriously? What was it? Never in my wildest imaginations, I would see such a turn of events panning out. It's been a while since I've got this much of a shock factor from a Movie. I don't remember the last time I was this much bewildered, stunned. Now the film isn't flawless per se, there are indeed some problems yet I must confess, this is one of the best works I have seen in current times.It's gruesome, it's nasty, and it takes pride in showcasing the aspects of Blood & Gore. Be careful though, the film's subject is very much catered towards the people who love gore more than anything else. So, if you are a sensitive person, if the sight of blood or meat makes you uncomfortable, well just keep your distance. As some of the scenes will make you sick to your stomach. Trust me, I would like to share more details, but I won't do that. As a reviewer and a fellow cinephile, I want everybody to watch this. Nevertheless, it's not for the faint-hearted, that's all you wanna know, therefore proceed with caution!
6 The first scene was a little funny, maybe like 5 minutes, but the rest of the movie was pretty much horror. I don't know why comedy is listed at all? Maybe they think eating people is finny> This movie was pretty brutal and gory. Acting was good and ok story. I don't understand why people comment on woke stuff and politics and so on. It's a horror movie and just review it as such.
1 Just another cannibalistic serial killer holding their victims prisoner so they can toy with them before eating them. I can see these films far enough, it's already a tired cinematic plot, this film brings nothing new to the screen.
7 The ending is a bit rushed and the third act is slower compared to the second and first, but with good performances, captivating cinematography and solid direction, Fresh culminates into an enjoyable thriller.
1 I would have given this garbage D-movie a 0 rating if that was an option. I only watched it because Sebastian Stan is in it and I thought he was a serious actor with integrity. Have lost all respect for him. I know we all need a paycheck but this dung crossed the line. This movie is nauseating, disgusting, vile and has absolutely no reason to exist. Just more cultural pollution. It's obscene that this junk was written and directed by a woman.
3 "I see what you're going for, but it's not really working." This was my feeling numerous times during this movie. So many things feel off or ingenuine. Almost like it's a "factory-made" movie rather than something hand-crafted.I didn't care about the characters. There are lots of stupid moments and things that make you raise an eyebrow. The treasure hunting stuff feels so random like they are making it up on the spot. The comedy isn't terrible, it made me smirk a bunch of times. But I don't think I laughed one single time. And a few of the jokes are super cringe-y.The action is alright. I like crazy, outrageous action movies. But none of scenes impressed me. I think part of it is not caring about the characters, which drains the tension. And the fight scenes are once again, for the millionth time, filled with quick-cuts and close-ups so you can't see. When will they learn?I really wish movies would go for the R rating more often. But if you're going to go with PG-13, please stop trying to show (but not show) things that should be in a rated R movie. For example, if someone's throat is slit, don't blatantly cut away at the last second. And then continue to show that person multiple times, with ZERO blood coming out. It makes the movie feel amateur.On four occasions I thought to myself, "Look, Tom Holland is Spider-Man-ing." And it's not because I can't see the actor in any other role. He is very different in Cherry. But things he said sounded exactly like something Peter Parker would say, and things he did looked exactly like Spider-Man would do them. At one point I wondered if they were doing it on purpose. Odd. (1 viewing, opening night IMAX 2/17/2022)
1 Dialogues were outrageously cheesy and poorly written. Rafe Lee Judkins, Art Marcum and Matt Holloway need to pack their bags and leave Hollywood ASAP, maybe they can invite Ruben Fleischer too.Tom Holland in his Peter Parker era. It's the same performance, nothing unique or original.Just like Fleischer's previous films, this too muddled in questionable performances and lack of character development and it seems like they didn't held an audition for the supporting cast, studio executives just picked some random actors from nowhere. None of the cast members had any kind of chemistry or acting prowess to be in a $120 million production.I don't know if its an inside joke or an accidental coincidence, there's literally a dialogue from Sully that says "Wow, I'm really losing my touch".Marky Mark in his Bruce Willis era.
5 Obvious cgi, plot holes, and lack of character depth made uncharted fall in the kind of lame category. Some funny moments between Wahlberg and Holland and decent sets. It was just too unbelievable.
3 36/100Uncharted is Sony's latest attempt to fit an acclaimed franchise with 42 hours of content and story into just 2... Make your own judgment from that.It's funny to think that, no matter how hard you try, these days you cannot adapt a video game into a film, and vice versa. While one tries to be as efficient as possible with his limited time, the other can pack as much information as it can in order to become more extensive or ambitious.This indicates that, even if someone has the courage to adapt something like the Uncharted series to the big screen, whether they wanted to or not, they must summarize, or flatly ignore, certain plot points to prioritize others. The problem is that this selection process has such a complex naturalness that, with a single mistake, it can feel like the film is trying to contextualize as much as it can, ignoring not to feel overwhelming.Even if that is your purpose, you have to be subtle. Uncharted binned that advice completely.From European villains to straight up pirate ships, Uncharted feels like one of the least ambitious popcorn flicks I've come across in quite some time.The plot seems to have been invented while the filming process of the film was being executed, which would not surprise me at this point if it were true, while clinging to the mediocrity of the actors' work. The same ones who clearly did not want to be part of the film in the first place.
1 There's nothing to see here that's fun, turn away, lock the door, make a run, the CGI's poor, acting's amateur, all the threads come unspun and undone.... and to think this might only be part 1!
5 After many years we finally have an Uncharted film, this film is based on the really popular video game franchise and today I have watched it and here is my review for it. The premise of the film sees a young man getting recruited to go on a hunt for a long lost treasure.Main Character
Tom Holland plays Nathan Drake and I can't help myself he is really entertaining to watch and I think this is just because of Holland's natural charm and charisma manages to drag him through. But the issue is that he just isn't what I wanted from Nathan Drake as a character, he is nothing like his video game counterpart and that is a big shame. I was watching the film and all I saw was Peter Parker just without his Spider-Man costume. Hopefully, this is only because this film came out just after Spider-Man: No Way Home but I do worry that Holland might become typecast and a one trick pony.Supporting Characters
Mark Wahlberg plays Sully and it is a similar story to our main character. He has plenty of natural charisma to him and his chemistry with Holland is really good and at least there is some sort of character development on show. But I felt like it was Mark Wahlberg walking around and the character of Sully from the video games and that was the issue for me, he is just the same as he is in every other film and this is a slight shame for me. Sophia Ali plays Chloe and I actually quite liked her, maybe because she was the one performer I didn't recognise made her feel like an actual character and somebody who was actually interesting to watch. The bad guys didn't work though, Antonio Banderas is here but he is just your generic villain and I don't know when but it seems like when a European bad guy is needed then he is the one cast and it just didn't work here. Tai Gabrielle is better as a villain but she isn't that great either but was at least a physical enemy to Drake.Story
The story did a pretty good job of showing a young Nathan Drake starting his career and leading us on a fun adventure story across the globe that had shades of Indiana Jones to it. There is some sort of character development attempted and the actors seemed like they were having fun here. But there is a lack of depth and direction for the overall plot of the film. I think it could needed to pace itself a bit better and focus on the characters a bit more and give the villains way better motivations.Script
The film actually has a surprising amount of humour to it and I was chuckling my way through most of the film, mixed with a bit of heart made this alright. But there isn't enough here, I didn't care about the characters enough and sometimes it felt like the film relied on its star power instead of actually crafting these better written heroes and villains.Style
The style has some really good action scenes, including the crazy cargo plane scene that was in all of the trailers. The film is quite relentless too, the adventure moves at a pretty break neck pace which is good but it also harms the characterisation and plot of the film. It was a fun action film without the depth needed to become a good film.Overall
Overall, Uncharted is a pretty average adventure film. There is some good here for sure and Sony are hoping to make this a franchise but it doesn't do enough for me to get me excited for that or recommend this for a watch.Rating - 5/10.
4 As video games continue to rise in popular culture, it's only natural that they should receive more film adaptations. Uncharted, which is one of the most popular franchises under the PlayStation brand, is very cinematic in its own right. Inspired by adventure films like Indiana Jones, the games are practically interactive movies themselves. For this, the ideal is to make a movie that appeals both to general audiences and to fans of the series. Uncharted is a movie that succeeds to a certain extent to the former and fails tremendously in the latter. The movie throws the canon of the games out the window, although it does directly adapt some scenes from the games. It takes the auction house scene from Uncharted 4, the plane scene from Uncharted 3, the whole arc with Sam from 4.As an adventure movie, it's nothing special, but nothing too terrible. If you know nothing about the source material, you may even find yourself enjoying it. It's got some fun moments in it. It's got a heist at an auction house, ancient puzzles in a Gothic church, and plenty of action in the sky. Some of these action scenes really do capture the spirit of adventure movies, which is always great fun. While some of them are lifted right from the games, they do play out well for what they're worth. There are moments when the adventure spirit kicks in, and that is welcome. Ancient mysteries and action scenes are always fun. The main theme from the games appears, which was a nice addition.As an adaptation of the games, it falls massively short. The casting is horrendous. Tom Holland is way too young to play Nathan Drake, as he lacks the suave personality that makes Drake who he is. Nathan's personality is completely absent in this character. Drake's movie personality feels more like MCU Spider-Man than the Nathan Drake in the games. This character on the screen is not Nathan Drake. Mark Wahlberg as Sully is an equally bad casting. While it's unlikely that anyone on this cast played the games, this is just Marky Mark, with no resemblance to Sully whatsoever. The lack of the moustache hurts, but there's nothing at all to signify that this is supposed to be Sully. Sully in the games is a classic "scoundrel with a heart of gold." This guy is just a scoundrel. Wahlberg is also way too young to play Sully. Chloe was probably the closest to being like the games, but that's not saying much. She at least looks the part, which is more than what the others have going for them. She does the classic double agent thing from the games as well, which is one of the few things they got right. Elena is not in it at all, which was disappointing. The villains were bland, nothing more to say about them, other than that they squandered Antonio Banderas (although in fairness, most of the villains in the games are bland too). There's also a really awesome cameo from Nolan North, which was probably the best scene in the entire movie.If this movie wasn't connected at all to the Uncharted games, it would be a harmless action adventure movie that would have some similarities to the games, like how the games are inspired by adventure movies. By attaching it to the Uncharted franchise, it puts the expectation that it's going to be something like the games. While there are snippets of the games here and there, it's simply not enough. This does not feel like an Uncharted movie.By the way, the PlayStation Studios logo, with Nathan Drake, Kratos and Atreus (boy), Jin Sakai, Joel and Ellie, Aloy, and Sackboy was awesome. I guess we'll be seeing that on the upcoming Last of Us and Ghost of Tsushima adaptations.
2 And the 'we don't have a clue how to translate video games into movies' train departs w/Sony's belated adaptation of the popular videogame series. Never having played the games (even though I own them, something to do during my retirement years I figure!) but having seen footage & knowing the fanbase was lobbying for Nathan Fillion (of Firefly fame) to be cast as Nathan Drake, we now have our favorite current webslinger, Tom Holland, playing a younger version of him who is seduced by a worldly fortune hunter, played by Mark Wahlberg (who ironically was slated to play Drake when his go to guy David O. Russell was attached to the project) who go after some famed treasure whose clues (similar to clues seen in The DaVinci Code or National Treasure which beg the viewer's credulity in the over-complicated breadcrumbs left behind by the treasure hoarders) lead to hidden gold w/the requisite mustache twirling baddie, here played by Oscar nominee Antonio Banderas & his henchperson (who was once Wahlberg's protg/partner), played by the Chilling Adventures of Sabrina's Tati Gabrielle foiling Holland/Wahlberg's plans at every turn. Another partner, played by Sophia Ali, is in the mix as well but her distrust of her partners (something that after a while starts to grate on the viewer, if you don't trust them...leave!) soon upsets the flow of things. W/an overall sense of wrong people, wrong story permeating my feelings on the film, I soon tuned out & waited for the theater's house lights to dim up. Look for Rudy Pankow, from Netflix's Outer Banks, playing a younger version of Holland's brother & Stephen Waddington (Madeline Stowe's love interest in The Last of the Mohicans) playing Gabrielle's Scottish right hand man.
5 I actually enjoyed this movie. But after hearing fans of the game talking about the weird casting. I have to take a couple of points off. I mean, you should always try to keep the fans happy. As well as bringing in newcomers.So Tom Holland and Mark Wahlberg are totally wrong choises for these characters here. Holland in particular is really just the same as he is in Spiderman, and that's maybe what the money people wanted.Outside of the actors though, I was expecting this to be a CGI heavy mess. And though there is alot of CGI in its later parts. I still liked the action in the movie. The plane scene does feel like it belongs more in a game. But some of the realistic action, and the over the top finale were well done. You'll be entertained if you have no interest in the games I guess.
7 Well, oddly enough then I actually never have played the games, but I am well familiar with them and the concept that is "Uncharted". So I sort of knew what I was in for here, as I sat down to watch the 2022 movie "Uncharted" from writers Rafe Judkins, Art Marcum, Amy Hennig, Jon Hanley Rosenberg, Matt Holloway and Mark D. Walker.And just as expected, then director Ruben Fleischer definitely delivered a wholesome and spot on action adventure that delivers a fast-paced adventure that will make the boy-that-never-wants-to-grow-up-in-us-all more than happy. The storyline in "Uncharted" was a great mixture of fast-paced action, great adventure much in the likes of "Indiana Jones", treasure hunting and good characters. So yeah, chances are great that there is something for just about everyone in the audience here.The movie stars Tom Holland and Mark Wahlberg, whom actually carries the movie quite well together. But the movie also have the likes of Antonio Banderas, Sophia Ali, Tati Gabrielle and Steven Waddington on the cast list.I was more than genuinely entertained by this action adventure, and it certainly is a franchise that could spawn more movies to sequel this one. I had heard some reviewer mention that "Uncharted" was just a popcorn munchin movie that required no thinking of any kind. But I found "Uncharted" to be more than just a lean-back-and-munch-on-the-popcorn type of movie, luckily. If you enjoyed the "Indiana Jones" movies, then you will certainly also enjoy "Uncharted".As for realism, well just neatly wrap that notion in a small wrapping and place it on the shelf for the nearly two hours that "Uncharted" plays. This movie is all about entertainment, surprise, surprise.My rating of "Uncharted" lands on a seven out of ten stars.
5 I've heard dozens of people compare this to Indiana Jones. I think a more apt comparison would include the Da Vinci Code in the conversation. Yes, it has some of the fun adventure set-pieces we expect; the helicopter-ship fight & hanging-out-of-plane scenes are mindlessly well-executed cinematic absurdity. Sadly, it's made disposable by colorless characters & a parade of explorer movie cliches & MacGuffins that even a long-haired Hanks (much less the miscast Wahlberg/Holland duo) couldn't make work.
4 Almost drowns in mediocrity. Uncharted is a fast produced adventure movie orbiting around an average quality level. Some action sequences are okay and save the day. Characters are more or less soulless - I wait for the day when actors don't act anymore "live" but sell licences to the production companies for using their face on an digital clone made by the special effects department. The quality of acting and movie production in general is really dropping fast - but sometimes I really understand the rather lazy work of the actors, too many movie scripts are plain terrible these days, and more or less junk.
2 It's so dull, there's no real action, no fights or violence and the supposed lead as in the video games is a weak side piece. This is not a hood reimagining.I like wahlberg he was fine, about the only character that worked except the female explorer. He over-shone Holland to the point it was pretty embarrassing for the guy.I thought I was a Holland fan but I've fast realised anything that isn't Spider-Man that he's done has been literally abysmal, that mute, dream power mess and various other awful messes he's been in, fast going off him, looks to young to be a believable badass or heart throb, has no presence, no authority and delivers the lines exactly like spider man, that cheeky, childish dialogue, pretty one dimensional. He is no leading man, awfully wrong for the role, see why you got him as he's popular but he just played it wrong and just looked like a child. Poor, it may have actually worked better swapping mark and Tom. Toms performance was pretty bad.There's just no action, boring story and set pieces from a video game, it's lazy, uneventful, woke weak nonsense, it's literally aimed at little kids, there's no actual adult action , the fight scenes are so basic and non violent.The effects were average, yeah looked nice but just didn't work for me, rest of the characters were meh, the tease with the guy from GOT, does nothing for me and the moustache line was awful. That villain Braddock was so unbelievable in her role, women can be badass villains but this woman was weak, cool look but not a great acting performance or character.Weak, lazy and trying to get all ages it's alienated uncharted fans, this will never be a successful film franchise in this state.
5 This Uncharted adaptation is decent at best. The video games are work of art. This movie is formulaic, cheesy, unrealistic, and a slap in the face to the greatness of the game. The casting is obviously horrible as they look nothing like they do in the game. I didn't like how different elements from different games were infused as well into one movie when they should keep them separate as they are already making sequels so what's the point? Overall it is a fun movie but don't expect Naughty Dog quality on production.
6 The Uncharted video game franchise is my favourite series of games ever made. I thought I should get that out of the way before diving into my review. Upon the countless storylines I'm sure they went over and numerous directors leaving the project before settling on Ruben Fleischer, I was worried, but still very excited to see these characters on the big screen. This will also be a completely unbiased review because I can't even compare it to the games. Too many things have been changed to really compare it. With all of that said, let's dive in.The story begins with young Nathan Drake, a bartender who had one day planned on finding treasure with his brother Sam. After the disappearance of his brother, he never felt the need to get back into the game. When Victor Sullivan (Sully) appears after his shift one night, he brings up the past, saying that he worked with his brother Sam. This instantly makes Nathan want to be a part of this story and the two of them form a bond. These two believe that a fortune left behind by Ferdinand Magellan over 500 years ago is still sitting somewhere in the world. They take this journey together, but they're not the only ones after this treasure, which leads to a lot of predictability as well.When I first heard that Tom Holland was cast to play Nathan Drake and Mark Wahlberg would be playing Sully, I, like many other fans, was left scratching my head. It was clear that they wanted to start these characters younger than they were in the game in order to build a long-running franchise, but it just didn't seem right. Again, I'm wasn't about to let my love of the games sway me in any direction though. I'm a huge fan of both Holland and Wahlberg, so here's the catch-22 happening in my head. Did I enjoy this movie overall and did I enjoy these two in their respective roles? I absolutely did! Do I still feel that it was a little miscast and that they should've been older? I absolutely do! For both of those reasons and for a few negatives I'm about to get into, I believe Uncharted is an okay, entertaining movie for the most part.Ruben Fleischer has been a very hit-or-miss director for me, directing both Zombieland films, which I think are great, as well as Venom, which I had some fun with, but he has also done some pretty bad films in Gangster Squad and 30 Minutes or Less. His films always have a very clean look to them and a silly/fun tone. I was worried that tone wouldn't fit an Uncharted movie and I do feel that way after having seen the film as well. Bright and colourful (other than landscapes around them) is not how I ever saw an Uncharted movie looking, but again, it was adapted and I'm not going to complain about the look. What I feel is the weakest aspect of this film is the fact that there's absolutely no grit. Nobody is ever dirty, there's barely any blood, and it never feels like stakes are high because these characters can go through a lot without a scratch.Overall, I probably have more to critique than praise when talking about Uncharted, but that's just because the Screenplay felt like it was hitting random bullet points instead of fleshing out the world they're living in. It never felt lived-in. Still, I love the cast (including Antonio Banderas and Sophia Ali as well), the banter between Nathan and Sully was fun, the action is cool, and I left the theatre feeling positive enough about the film that I would love to see them continue. I will gladly go back for a sequel, but I just hope they evolve these characters more and get down to a grittier, dirtier story. Yes, the point of Uncharted is to have fun and tell a great story, but I felt the story was a little hollow here. I think it's a movie worth seeing and I recommend it because I think there is potential for so much better in the future. This film is just okay overall, but the groundwork has now been laid for something even better.
1 Unlike the uncharted games this movie was off by literally everything , storyline , characters , acting & jokes
It had no life and the actors put no effort into it.The movie was so disappointing I wish they'd just left the games the way it is and not made this lazy movie with bad casting.
5 Going through a far more arduous process than many feature films would come close to experiencing when it comes to simply seeing the light of day, with news of an Uncharted movie being bandied about all the way back in 2008 with announcements following in 2010 that director David O. Russell would be the man in charge of the film as it stood those many moons ago, the first feature of the newly minted Sony Playstation Productions is thankfully more entertaining than most video game adaptations but in the harsh reality of the real world, that's not much of an achievement.Full of life, spectacle, lovable characters and more than its fair share of Indiana Jones DNA, Sony's incredibly popular Uncharted video game series is a deservedly praised property that many were excited to see be turned into a real life living and breathing entity but while director for hire Ruben Fleischer nails a few set pieces and continues on the type of form he showed with the second Zombieland and the first Venom (with his 2009 Zombieland debut feature feeling more and more like a fluke occurrence), there's a blandness too Uncharted that is unavoidable, as the low hanging fruit it clearly was attempting to reach sits firmly in its grasp.Following the treasure hunting exploits of new partners in crime, Tom Holland's daring Nathan Drake and Mark Wahlberg's long time swindler Victor Sullivan, as the two miss-matched operators attempt a globe spanning hunt of Ferdinand Magellan lost fortune that also is being hunted down by Sophia Ali's Chloe Frazer and Antonio Banderas's villain by the numbers Santiago Moncada, Uncharted is absolutely Indiana Jones lite, just without the winning jokes, the constant inventiveness and the wholly engaging characters.Getting started with a fairly eye-popping set piece that quickly gives way to an extended predominantly pedestrian formula of Drake and Sullivan getting to know each other while tracking down the next clue to their golden dreams, Uncharted struggles to do much of note for a significant amount of time with the film and us an audience awaiting something or someone to awake the films sleepwalking feeling that only really ever comes far too late in the equation when flying pirate ships and daring plane escapes take hold.Showcasing that Fleischer does know his way around an action set piece and a comedic set-up and that his tried and true performers have engaged and entertained audiences around the world countless times before, there's stages late in the piece here where Uncharted shows a little more energy and showmanship giving it more winning moments than your average video game adaptation but it's not enough to save the film entirely from its monotonous moments and uninspiring chemistry from its two main leads.Involved in the project for better part of a decade, Wahlberg was always a somewhat controversial choice as Sullivan and he does nothing to try and elevate himself from his recent funk of paycheck collecting performances and can't do enough to make us think we're watching anyone but Marky Mark while the so hot right now Holland commits himself physically as Drake, his turn also isn't worth celebrating with the two well-liked actors unable to generate much spark together let alone individually, a problem the film was never going to overcome no matter how much else it may've gotten right.Final Say -There is fun to be had from Uncharted but most of the good times start rolling in a little too late to save the day, with it's off the boil leads and by the numbers storytelling, this latest video game come to life blockbuster may not be sunken treasure but its unable to provide a reason to get excited about another hunt anytime soon.2 1/2 Naughty Dog stickers out of 5For more reviews check out Jordan and Eddie (The Movie Guys)
7 Uncharted had a feel that it was based on something else, but I was thinking like a book or something. I'm guessing sense Playstation produced this than that means it actually based on a game.Can't tell you if it's true to the material, all I can tell you is that I liked it.It's an action-adventure flick that's fun and exciting.Tom Holland and Mark Walberg made a decent team for me. It's funny, I could not see either or doing the movie by themselves, but they make a lot of sense together.Can't come up with much to say about it, except that it was as good as I thought it would be. It not going to change lives and it's in no way bad movie, and in all the ways its worth seeing.
3 These are the type of films that make me want to give up my cineworld card, that I've had for 16 years. Fast & Furious style nonsense that bores me to sleep - literally. Dumb & stupid but not in a good way & way too long. I hope they're not planning on starting a new franchise cos they'll lose millions & deservedly so.3/10.
6 For the first hour or so, I was quite surprised and impressed with how well this movie turned out. Yes Mark Wahlberg didn't resemble sully that much, but he did his own thing and had good chemistry with Tom Holland. Speaking of which, his take on the character grew on me. While I could only see Peter Parker initially, it didn't take long until I could see him as the young Nathan Drake. All was going well until they killed off the best character in the movie just to "subvert expectations".Antonio Banderas' villain performance was everything I wanted from this type of movie. He was intimidating, badass, had clear if cliched motivations and fit the role of an uncharted villain perfectly. And yet, he was suddenly killed off before he could do anything useful. He barely even encountered Nathan Drake. What a disappointment. And the worst part was there was no one to fill his shoes. Tati gabrielle then filled the villain role. And wow. What a down grade in every way. She wasn't the least bit intimidating. She couldn't act as well or have anywhere near the same presence.The rest of the movie had good action but I was so distracted thinking why would they ever kill off such an affective villain.Just such wasted opportunity.
1 One of the worst movies in the past 10 years. Miscast, ok action and a very weak script make this a film I highly suggest you look the other way on. What were they thinking casting Tom Holland and Mark Wahlberg as the leads? Heck, I would've accepted Morgan Freeman as Sully and Channing Tatum as Drake. This is an obvious cash grab at it's worst. Hopefully it flops so any future sequels are cancelled.
7 Being a fan of the games i was sceptical going into it but I came out liking it.Hopefully this gets enough money to get a sequel as it did set uk for one and I'd like to see it.
4 If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free thoughts, please follow my blog to read my full review :)"Uncharted is an action-adventure flick, but despite a more entertaining last act, it fails to break the curse of videogame film adaptations due precisely to the lack of said action and adventure.Even though Tom Holland and Mark Wahlberg offer good performances, as well as convincing arcs by the two protagonists, Ruben Fleischer delivers an extremely generic and formulaic narrative based on endless exposition. Additionally, the secondary characters become irrelevant due to the irritatingly repetitive betrayals and constant shifts of the true antagonist.In the end, the general feeling is that it would be much more interesting to be controlling the characters than simply watching them. It may be enough for fans of the franchise, but for the average moviegoer, it's "just one more"."Rating: C-
7 Let's keep it real: this is as losely put together as is possible. The movie tries to incorporate as many references to the games as it can, while covering as much ground as it can. Some might even say it takes on too much ... I am not one of those people. Some may be dissapointed, because they expected something ... that was sort of a copy of the games - which would not make much sense in my book to be honest.Or you may not like the casting. Holland aside, it is Wahlberg who seems missplaced as Sully. I reckon since he was considered for the Nathan Drake part (which I guess tells you how long this must have been in development, no offense), they thought "well at least he can play this mentor role".Well Mentor may be stretching it a bit .. but you get where I am going with this. Drakes and Sullys relationship is explored or rather established in a different light and tone ... which you'll either find fine or disturbing I guess. Also Holland still seems so incredibly young you may feel he's too young ... again, you have to get over certain things.There's enough entertainment and action in this to keep you on the edge of your seat. Solid stunts and digital effects work. Not all twists work, but even the weird choice for Wahlberg as Sully actually can work for the viewer (again: suspension of disbelief) ... one thing is for sure: the chemistry between the two leads is incredible! Try to enjoy this for what it is .. even if you are a hardcore fan of the games ... or not.
7 Uncharted is by no means a smart or original film but its still a really fun movie that's fast paced and consistently exciting whilst also being somewhat faithful to its source material.Tom Holland and Mark Wahlberg do not embody their video game counterparts however they still give likeable and charismatic performances with solid chemistry. Sophia Ali is great as Chloe Frazer and definitely comes closest to her character overall.Ruben Fleischer's direction is really good, action sequences are competently shot with sufficient energy and its visually slick overall. The CG is mostly impressive and the music by Ramin Djawadi is also great, fitting the film extremely well and uses the iconic theme in a satisfying way.
3 I've read several critical reviews applauding this film, however having sat through it twice I have to point out that this is a very poor film.Almost two and a half hours long, and every single minute of this film was an effort. How on Earth did they think this would appeal?It's a lifeless watch, it rambles along at a torturous pace, and sadly half the cast seem totally disinterested, giving very wooden performances.Special effects vary, some look good, some look very poor, when you look at the budget this film had, it should have looked flawless, it doesn't.I love Gemma Chan and Richard Madden, but neither of them look totally at home here, I only hope this turkey of a movie doesn't halt either career.I don't think a second will follow somehow.Awful sadly, I did give it a second watch to be sure, but there you are, it's a shocker, 3/10.
3 Another year, another Marvel Studios superhero movie, right? Well, so it would seem. I had only vaguely heard about "Eternals" prior to sitting down to watch it. But then again, superhero movies isn't exactly my primary go-to-movie choice. But yeah, I do watch them if given the chance, as Marvel Studios does churn out movies that are fun enough if for nothing else then for the amazing CGI.And that was the case with the 2021 movie "Eternals" from writers Chlo Zhao, Patrick Burleigh, Ryan Firpo and Kaz Firpo. This movie was all flash and bang and no proper contents. It was all essentially just pointless eye-candy.For me, then we are talking about a swing and a miss for Marvel Studios with the 2021 superhero movie "Eternals". When the movie ended, I was left with an overwhelming sensation of 'what did I just waste two and a half hours on watching?'. And I was also left with a sense of none of the characters portrayed in the story had any significance or backstory. You might as well replace them with mannequins and still end up with the same movie result.You would assume that with a cast ensemble that included the likes of Gemma Chan, Angelina Jolie, Salma Hayek, Kit Harington and Lauren Ridloff among others, that you would be in for a stellar movie experience. But nay, director Chlo Zhao didn't rise to the occasion to deliver a wholesome and entertaining superhero movie. Nope, this was a lukewarm movie at best.The total absence of properly written characters and character development throughout the two and a half hours of runtime was just atrocious to witness. And it totally turned the movie into a shallow experience. Yet, I managed to sit through it, but believe you me, this is not a movie that I will ever be returning to watch a second time. There were so many characters to keep track off, yet none of them had any properly written backstory, character traits, personalities or anything, so they just sort of blended into one singular faceless mass. And hence, I didn't care one bit about any of the hero characters, because they were about as interesting as mannequins."Eternals" was pure and simply just eye-candy in term of entertainment value. The storyline would have been more interesting if the story had interesting characters, subplots, etc., but there was no such thing going on here.Sure, I am by no account a fan of the superhero genre, but watch the movie regardless, but "Eternals" was definitely among the top contenders for being among the most pointless and boring of superhero movies.My rating of "Eternals" lands on a three out of ten stars.
4 Shang-Chi gave me hope for Phase 4 of Marvel. Eternals dashed those hopes. This is probably my least favorite Marvel movie. This film is too long and crammed full of overly complicated plot points, yet it's also completely predictable. It seems the filmmakers were too busy trying to check off boxes rather than create a good story. It's also a downer. People watch MCU movies to have fun, not to have existential crises. Perhaps the Eternals should have stood on the sidelines a little longer.
2 Ok but how are they speaking english since they are before the time when english language was spoken? I was extremely disappointed with this movie. The amount of plot holes and wasted potential was really annoying and Sersei had 0 personality. The visuals were amazing but it doesn't make up for the lack of logic put into the movie. The powers were so inconsistent and the prime eternal was just wasted after not even putting up a fight. The deviants were wasted as well and the celestials not telling the eternals why they're on the planet made no sense. Just so many reasons to dislike the execution of the movie. This was a lame movie, there is always a useless hero in every show and Thena was this movies useless hero... How tf you let your man die right in front of you. Thanos IS a Deviant-Eternal. So where's the logic. This movie was completely overrated i'm sorry. This film was the worst mcu film. So boring and the plot was all over the place.
2 I can understand Marvel wanting to expand its universe; all you have to do is look at the dollars to understand it. But, the thing about superheroes, they have to be super beyond their powers. I didn't know anything about these characters and frankly after watching this movie I don't want to know anymore. I thought Justice league and Batman versus Superman were bad. But nothing has been as boring as this movie. It's cheesy and preachy with no interesting characters except Sprite and the Deviant. I think they may need to stop cause superhero overload can cause bad movie making decisions.
5 The Eternals are immortals created to eliminate the destructive Deviants. 7000 years ago, ten Eternals were sent to Earth. They were able to eliminate the last Deviant 500 years ago and have been waiting to go home ever since.This is a reach for the MCU franchise. I like the audacity but there are issues with the execution. I do like the style and the visual but I find the characters hard to connect with. They are god-like creatures trying to pass as humans. There is something compelling in that but the characters never fully find their human level. There is barrier to these characters that the film is unable to breach. In addition, Angelina Jolie is too distracting in this role. I like Gemma Chan but maybe she should play Thena. Sersi needs an ingenue with star power. In the end, this is a tougher premise to execute than most and the film struggles to give it a human scale.
4 This review has been declined 3 times now. I don't know why, I think it's cos of the real name of Gilgamesh coinciding with an english word.The whole film was pretty flat, John Snow turned up and said some funny lines, and Gemma Chan was lovely to look at, but there sure was a lot of cheese in this vegan meal of a film. Some terrible 'inspirational' life messages delivered direct to camera that made you cringe with their rhetoric.It played like it was constructed from a "making big budget films for dummies" book, and they left it at pretty much the bullet points list on the inside cover.Shoehorn in a Diversity cast that differed greatly from the source material. I do like to see diversity on screen but sometimes it appears over zealous, like this film and comes across as forced and token and works against the world of the film. The Eternals are not from earth at all so no need to tick all the diversity check boxes. Quite the opposite, they should appear with no cultural links at all. They also shoe horned in a sign language eternal, which just made no sense in the world of the Eternals, Why would the massively powerful universe creators create an eternal who couldn't hear or speak and needed to use their hands to communicate? The original comics had Makkari as a Male who has a relationship with Sersi, in fact many of the original Eternals are male. I'm all for positive representations on a diverse society, but this casting choice just came across as weird as far as the film's story was concerned.Slot in an ex boy band debut as an actor - Check!My eyes rolled back into my head when that happened. Big budget movie making by the numbers.I don't know quite where the problem was. Chlo Zhao's direction by committee choices? It wasn't all bad, there was some decent acting, particularly Barry Keoghan who's character seemed complex, but,... even so it was roped in and never went anywhere. Gilgamesh also was good, until he was dispatched easily.Then they started fighting each other, and they're Eternals and can't die, except when it's convenient to move the plot along. It got boring really quickly.
2 Some will love it some will hate it, whichever category you're in you're lying out your back teeth saying this is either the worst or best MCU movie, at best this movie is a 5, at its worst its a 2,I've opted for the latter simply because this movie fails at pretty much everything it attempts:
story; lacklustre.Characters; dull.Action; mediocre.Had I not known I was watching a Disney /Marvel movie I would have believed this was another DC catastrophe, the characters looked more like DCs "New Gods" than Marvels "Eternals", perhaps the director got them mixed up as both properties were created, written & drawn by the late great Jack Kirby, a master storyteller, which Chloe Zhao definitely is not.Zhao was given full authority over the Eternals production & took it on herself to completely re-write the screenplay which is probably why the movie was as dull as it ended up being.Very little of the movie follows the original comic creation, from characters to storyline, Kirby created a complex story that would have probably been too much to adapt into a single movie & probably judged as too "comic bookish", Zhao has literally skimmed the surface of Kirbys work & chosen a more simplistic re-write of the Eternals, both story & characters.Boasting a budget of $200 million dollars, standard for today's so called "blockbusters", there is no reason for the movie to have anything but top notch cgi & effects, fantastic sets & breathtaking cinematography, which this movie has but the action scenes are dull, fantastically detailed but ultimately boring & that is also the case with all the characters, dull & dreary, Kirby wrote these characters as super human heroes with multiple fantastical abilitys & impossible to kill hence the name "Eternals", Zhao unpicks Kirbys creation in nonsensical fashion, stripping the characters abilities to a single defining one for each character.In Zhaos story the Eternals have been on earth for 7 thousand years, in this time, suffering barely a scratch then 2 die in the silliest most easy way possible,while then showing another being intensely & brutally beaten & battered but barely scratched or bruised, utter tripe.Zhao took Kirbys creation and used it for her own ends, diversity & inclusion, Eternals spends more time parading its diverse cast in their silly shiny costumes than telling an entertaining & imaginative story.If this is what's to come in future phases from Disney/Marvel then Marvels future is definitely on the downhill run.
5 I'm not going to give a long winded review though the movie was long. "Eternal" was the runtime. There were parts that were good and parts that weren't. One of the biggest issues is that a movie of this nature presents more questions than it answers. The very existence of eternal beings existing on planet Earth, sent there by their creator in order to protect human life from Deviants, begs a lot of questions. And the more they strayed from their prime directive, the more questions they presented. The eternals were human in every aspect with the exception of their powers and their lifespan. The fact that such humanlike and very fallible beings (as in not entirely obedient) were sent to protect humans is just a start of the questions."Eternals" was unnecessarily long. There were plenty of scenes that could've been left on the cutting room floor. Marvel bit off a lot with this metaphysical, beginning of creation movie. It was very emotional and slow at many points. Even the comic relief failed to garner the laughs it intended. But, there was applause in the theater after it was over. Honestly, I don't know if that was based upon how good the movie was or simply MCU diehards paying their obligatory tribute.
2 The whole plot was terrible . They focused all the attention for almost 2 hours on the deviance and all of a sudden it turns out they're not the bad guys after all let's focus 30 minutes of the rest of the movie on someone else.. Marvel failed a great cast with a terrible script. Marvel should separate Eternals film into 2 Parts to have more progressive storyline and deep dive on characterization and the build up of motivation to save the Earth with balanced action sequences and dramas in between... Eternals Book 1 and Eternals Book 2. Just like what Warner did on Dune film.. or Avengers 3 and 4. Worst movie I've seen in years!!!! Worst MCU movie. Hardly any character development, no reason to care about the characters. Outside if him, the comedy was lackluster. Pace was off. Most performances by the actors were good but their stories were not deep enough, hard to do with that many protagonists in one movie. My first thought was why do the people already have british and scottish accent even before they arrive on earth? Like it would make sense if they all spoke similar english when they first arrive on Earth but when they later end up separating and going their own ways they end up developing their british and scottish accent or whatever. Maybe I'm nitpicking it too much but it was literally the first scene in the movie that just broke my immersion immediately.
14 January 2022 The 26th instalment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe marks the arrival of a new brand of superheroes into their ever-growing family and further expands the horizons of its shared universe with its grand scope. However, being one of the lesser-known properties the way Guardians was back in 2014, Eternals needed to create an intrigue & curiosity to make us care & invest in its mythic world but the film as a whole simply falls flat at it.Co-written & directed by Chlo Zhao (The Rider & Nomadland), her latest effort opts for a slightly different path that at times avoids or escapes the familiar trappings of a standard Marvel fare but then its attempts to forge its own identity is executed with such blandness that there is no life to it. The film is devoid of the fun & fascinating qualities of its studio's finest works and neither its storytelling nor its ensemble compel us enough to give a damn.It is an ambitious undertaking no doubt that intends to explore a few interesting ideas but Zhao goes for it without working out the fundamentals first. She aims for the intimacy with surface-level digging into these superpowered beings but with there being no incentive for us to even bother, the emotions & warmth don't shine through. Add to that, the story is needlessly overlong, tediously paced, and is filled with characters without camaraderie with one another.Overall, Eternals is a dull, lifeless & forgettable addition to Marvel Studios canon and also happens to be one of their rarest gambles that doesn't pay off the desired dividends. While the diverse ensemble is a welcome move from the inclusivity standpoint, the actors are more or less wasted in their roles and aren't given anything interesting to leave their imprint upon. It remains to be seen how this chapter plays out in Marvel's Phase 4 plan but as a standalone entry, Eternals is mediocre at best.
2 Following the events of Avengers: Endgame (2019), an unexpected tragedy forces the Eternals, ancient aliens who have been living on Earth in secret for thousands of years, out of the shadows to reunite against mankind's most ancient enemy, the Deviants.This film is by far the worst MCU film I have watch. It's massive insuylt to the comics from the Jack Kirby days. Gender swapping some of the eternals, bad story telling which makes absolutely no sense, unlikeable characters, little to no action and ridicules changes to the MCU just sum up how bad this film. Completely ruined EndgameThe only goods were the music and the CGI for Arishen as well as bonus points for being voiced by David Kaye.Other then that it's just not a good movie makes both Captain Marvel and Iron Man 3 look good.
2 I am not really impressed this Eternals movie .. looks like amature superpower. Boring fight scenes & not really advantures . Well, overall it still can be watch to the end of this movie . 4/10. This film is actually not fiction at all. Worst film ever it's unbelievably terrible. Im shocked how marvel made this crap, bad acting and even worse story line . Powers are as if a school kid thought them up. Pissed !!! Do not waste your money buying it. That was the most boring Marvel movie ive ever watched! The entire movie is huge plot hole. So Celestials need to seed intelligent life to birth their kind but stood by somehow as Thanos wiped out half of life, then came back to completely wipe out the other half and all of existence? I really want to like this movie but it just didn't really work for me. Really feel like this needed to be a miniseries or spread out across multiple movies. Just too much stuff crammed into a 2 hour period. Didn't give me enough time to care about the characters/story that much, and the wonky pacing and acting didn't help with that either. I don't hate the movie, but could've been so much better.
4 Frankly I am not impressed after 45 minutes, and am going to bed...again, no character building at all other than a text intro you are supposed to read to have a clue what the movie is supposed to be about...and then the action and dialog never follows that intro...Of the three or four monsters I saw, one looked more like an evil Groot and the other was almost straight out of Monster Hunter...these new producers and directors at Marvel have little to no imagination it seems, and like I said, it's off to bed for me...Addendum:No, it has not gotten any better after waiting for a while...I made the mistake of giving it a second try from where I left off, and all it is is fighting evil, poorly imagined creatures, but with no storyline at all...this is a bust for me Marvel, give me Antman for crying out loud...!!!In summary, the 'WoW Factor' is non-existent in this movie...
1 Trying to be "deep", the director uses some long shots (or longer than usual in the MCU) here and there, less frenetic editing here and there, and less Marvel humor (there is enough though), in a thing that turned to be a really, really bad experiment. Valient effort though?In the end, none of that matters that much because the biggest problems with the movie are the simple things. The are way too many characters, and they are all flat and not particularly interesting (maybe because there is not time to develop them); the interpretations from the most important ones, the leads, robotic and soulless, which didn't help; the story told in unnecessary back and forth, maybe as an attempt to make it seem more complex than it was, and as a result not letting the movie to get into any rhythm; finally, contrary to what I read a lot, the special effects, the desings of the powers and suits and the actions scenes were just bad, too simple or with awful CGI.Other than that, it was great(?)
9 November 2021 A couple of years ago, there was The Inhumans mini-series, featuring superheroes who lived on the Moon, but were supposedly protecting Earth. Now the Eternals are doing the same thing, with a similar cast of superheroes.Too many sets of protectors, too many lame superheroes with similar powers, too much boring back-story, just too much.
5 I went in knowing nothing about the source material and not watching a single trailer. I had no expectations for this movie. After watching it, I feel like it had the potential to be incredible. But it wasn't. It wasn't even good. I'm legitimately sad while writing this.I see this as the MCU homage to Watchmen. It feels very "adult" in so many ways. But in others, it's childish. The story is a complete mess. So many useless side plots. The characters feel flat, especially the protagonist. Some uncharacteristically bad casting choices (while also criminally under utilizing Angelina Jolie, a beast of an actress, should have been the main character). So much of this movie doesn't feel natural, something always feels a bit off.There's a lot i enjoyed. I watched some of the coolest things I've ever seen on screen. So many parts are visually stunning. Some of the action was good, some wasn't. An enormous step down in that department after Shang-Chi. The deep philosophical themes were interesting but poorly executed.Sigh. I'll probably watch it again to see if it grows on me. But this might be the worst MCU movie.Edit: I watched it again, in IMAX of course. I enjoyed it a lot more the second time. All of my initial flaws are still there. But I focused on all of the good, and tried to ignore the bad. It made for a much better experience, especially after moving past the initial disappointment of how truly amazing it could have been.I think the reason I found the protagonist so underwhelming is because she doesn't drive the plot. Her character is always reactive. Things happen to her. She's generally likeable, but a weak character. And one thing that was impossible to ignore even when I tried, Salma Hayek was a terrible choice.My favorite character is Druig, with a great performance by Barry Keoghan. I really like most of the other characters and wish I could have seen more from them. Kumail Nanjiani is awesome, except when they give him random "insert joke here" lines. I'm curious to see more from most of the characters.This movie is still very flawed. And I absolutely hated how certain character conflicts were resolved after major decisions were made. But if you can move past the bad, you can enjoy the action, visuals, and ambition. Rating updated from 4 stars to 5 stars. (2 viewings, opening night 11/4/2021, 11/17/2021)
2 This movie felt like 3 movies supercut into one. Pacing was all over the place. Seems a stretch for me to call most of these characters "super-heroes," most seemed remarkably pathetic in their abilities, some of these "Eternals" were so easily killed, yet some inexplicably were tanks. Humor was very weak; the best lines were from the trailer and most of those were cringey. Kit Harrington was wasted. Angelina Jolie was wasted. All the major plot points were just exposition vomit or were so obviously telegraphed. I was never so conflicted in a post-credit scene. On one hand I was grateful for this dreadful movie to be over, and then sacked with absolute apathy that the Eternals "will return...." I hope not. I was just so so disappointed, wanted to cry this movie frustrates me sm, lore was thrown out the window, it didnt even seem like the eternals (besides the fast girl) could even fight. I was looking forward for this movie to demonstrate how this era of marvel movies is supposed to be on such a vast scale, no longer being about earth alone but the multiverses.
4 And then magic happened, Eternals on Disney streaming. Another entry in the Marvel world. And have seen enough trailers I was ready for it, it looked great but......after one hour I turned this off. On part of the effects it all looked great but what the hell about the story and characters. It's all one boring mess. Nothing happens and when things happens I was thinking, okay, is this it? Fighting against CGI creatures. Not that I have a thing against CGI creatures but it was all lame.The beginning was okay with the history of the world but then it just became one boring love story and as one said, a lifeless flick.How much I tried, It won't stick for eternal in my mind.Gore 0/5
Nudity 0/5
Effects 4/5
Story 2/5
Comedy 0/5.
1 Well, I gave it a shot. Everything bad thing you have heard about this movie is TRUE. You care ZERO about the characters. Its like the writers and director were focusing on.......other things they thought were more important instead of good story telling, a good script, etc...I'm not sure what happened to Marvel, but what ever has happened to them lately they need to get it right quickly....most of their movies lately have been horrible.DISNEY needs to wake up, I am canceling my service with them until they change course.
4 If you're looking for an action fest... kinda... and can ignore a story line that just drags on, boy are you gonna love this.Okay, Angelina Jolie in warrior mode and kicking monster butt... sure, who's gonna object to that? But from the beginning to the post-credit nonsense (which even hardcore comics fans may have to hit the Net to understand)... this plot just plods along.This film is jump-the-shark ridiculous (okay, maybe a little interesting, but really?). The Eternals themselves are absolutely nothing like what comic book readers would have expected, and the overall product is just droll. Some individuals may love it... but the ratings overall aren't showing a lotta love.By the end of the film I was so sick of gold-wire special effects I wanted to barf rainbows.Yay for the short-ish character in the post-credits. (No spoilers here.) An old favorite of mine and portrayed pretty well.The Eternals themselves were seriously unimpressive. "Immortals" who would actually be killed (apparently) by any crook with an Uzi simply aren't all that impressive. They can take being bashed halfway across a continent but can be stabbed with a knife? Really?Yet another disappointment from a long-anticipated film. I know it's difficult to forecast how a movie is going to come across in the end, but sometimes I have to wonder if Marvel ever puts these scripts through a limited multi-interest fan group to see if the film stands a chance. "Dude, this script sux" could go a long way in preventing such films from ever hitting the market.The ultimate question (the one that always tips the scale): Would I watch it again? Definitely not. That's my spear-to-the-heart touch stone for any film.
4 Eternals had the potential to be a real standout film from the crowd, but it missed out on breaking ranks from its franchise's long-held cliches like 'action scene then funny one-liner' moments that don't feel like character moments anymore, but 'creative mandates' imposed by the studio.It's a BIG movie, so big that it's got too many stories for it's single-movie outline and all these brand-spanking-new characters who desperately needed more character development outside Eternal's 2 and  hour runtime. This movie is a 'beautifully made mess': and it's bound to be 'retconned' with a throwaway line of dialogue (or with some jokes) in one of the next Avengers movies like Thor 2 was in Ragnarok.Eternals gets 2/5 stars. It tries to stand out, but it's ultimately more of the same.
4 Not the greatest "Marvel" movie fan yet I gave "Eternals" a try even though never really hearing about it or reading the comics, and was not real impressed as the movie went back and fourth thru the ages and time as the group of Eternals were always fighting evil and the movie was a showcase of love and family like feel. It was an eye candy watch for seeing the hot and sexy Gemma Chan and Salma Hayek as immortals Sersi and Ajak as both were healers and watchers of the group. Overall my interest came and went the film for one was to long and drawn out as the message could have been shorter. Still I guess a watch if your a Marvel movie fan, and the look of Gemma Chan and Salma Hayek as superheroes was sexy and impressive.
1 For the first 40 minutes I had no clue what, why, who, where and again what? The characters are written really badly and the story was a drag at times. The VFX was as good as any Marvels film but everything else was so bad that it doesn't deserve a watch especially the casting. Every single lead was bad. I can't digest Salma Hayek. She's the same person, talking like the same character for more than 2 decades with different clothes. Pathetic. Kunal nanjijkdjdhg should stop acting. I don't know if he is being realistic or sarcastic when he opens his mouth. I don't know if that little girl is actually little or a girl. There is no back story for the characters. I haven't read the comics, so I have no clue what I saw. Why not the next film have al chinese actors only because that's where marvels is headed to.Ikaris character taunts that he doesn't wear a cape when he is mistook for Superman but by watching this film it's clear that he isn't half as powerful as Superman. Why Kit Harrington? He had nothing to do in the entire film. 3-4 wasteful scenes and he was gone. He was better left at the Night's Watch. They could have introduced him in the sequel which I am not interested in. David Kaye's voice as Areshmi was horrible. I couldn't get the dialogues at all. Why hugely built or powerful characters need to have such thick voices? It's like they are grunting gibberish. As I said, pathetic casting. Anyway, Eternal means forever but these characters die like humans.If they could have written this as a series in mind, they could have explained each character and their back stories making us connect with them more, probably. Post Avengers, marvels looks like they are done and dusted.The problem for me began with my OTT - Disney+. The subtitles are either in Indonesian or Malay. Not in English. I had to switch the audio to two other languages at times to get the dialogue. Sometimes the BG music took over the dialogue and sometimes it's just not clear. There were no subtitles for what those non-English speakers were saying nor for that speech impaired girl's sign languages.
4 This was almost a dead-even 5/10 star film, but the more I think about it, the less I like it. I HAAAATED some of the incredibly cheap looking CGI. Sure, SOME of it was good, but our main villains, the devil-alien dogs were laughably fake looking and the 1st post-credit scene had this small "creature" who was about on par with Super Nintendo graphics. Also, only some of the humor landed, but most felt forced. I did LOVE all the diversity and acting - each actor really tried their best. The plot is okay, but it did drag and shoot, am I tired of hearing excuses when MCU introduces new Super-Human characters who were around for wars, including the Infinity War, and did nothing to help/prevent it. Either you need to reboot everything or make origin stories set in present day only. Finally, I 100% hated the inclusion of a particular reference in regards to comparing the lead male Eternal, Ikaris to another superhero.Overall, it's absolutely not the worst MCU movie, but it fits nowhere in the top half best. Since it's barely, like 1%, connected to the other MCU movies, it could be a skip for sure.
4 Not any good? There are a few (A FEW) scenes that are a bit (A BIT) thrilling... BUTThe bad: this is a snoozefest, a sleeping pill. NO horror, NO real suspense, only a few (A FEW) bloody knife cut scenes, that's all folks.More bad: the leading actresses in this movie are totally bland and lacking charisma.It didnt help the movie either by reintroducing the old (good) actors, because they look lost in this movie now they are this old.Better watch one of the old editions, because this sequel is quite a bummer.
1 Wes Craven's '90s cult horror film "Scream" (1996) was a groundbreaking flick that set numerous trends for the future of the horror genre. It was charming, well-acted and coherent, so it was also simply well-written. The first two sequels were good sequels that were fun, managed to keep a lot of the charm of the original and played a game with the endless sequels that were made in that period of horror classics and today have their very peculiar, but quite nice pop cultural value. The last part of the grand master came years later. "Scream 4" (2011) was not quite in the jolt of the original, and incidentally designed as such, trilogy, but was still entertaining and the signature of the director was still noticeable and valuable. Seven years after Wes Craven's death, the franchise is now being driven to the wall by insanely arrogant film producers and the woke age along with its concomitants of lack of respect and lack of originality of its own.But from the beginning. The new Scream film claims to be a "Requel", as it also certainly does not forget to mention permanently in the film in clumsy reference to the self-irony of the original. A "Requel", we are instructed in the film, is a mixture of a sequel and a remake. So far so good, but more on that later.The film actually begins in the classic Scream style and fulfills the one pole of the remake quite alright: an initial murder, which however remains only a murder attempt, the establishment of a circle of friends, (apparent) love for horror films and slasher moments, which now already obviously should not come up short. Then the other pole of a "Requel" comes into play: Connections to the previous parts are built up, old characters are introduced and the myth is dug into as if one were a mole. So it comes out that apparently everything revolves around the previously unknown child of Loomis, one of the two killers from the first part. A classic movie flow is unwound, with allusions to the horror movie world, a classic story progression, and even painfully foreseeable plot developments. As I said, so far so good.As a viewer, you realize that while the weakest film in the series is taking place before your very eyes here, you still don't get the impression that this part was actually going to be particularly bad either. But to err is human, and trusting modern Hollywood productions is about as appropriate for one's health as stabbing one's heart with a long kitchen knife. The finale of the film should become the confirmation of this thesis and concomitantly the destruction of the preceding 85 minutes. Here the filmmakers, i.e. Screenwriters, directors and producers, seem to have succumbed to a premonition that their film would fail. But this lack of self-confidence on the part of the uncreative rascals was simply passed off, and such a thing is increasingly easy to do these days, in an age of wokeness, the desire for dead discourse, and the lack of ability for one's own self-criticism. Once again, the fans of the original and its successors were identified as the world devourers of modern cinematic art, i.e. Those who always raised a franchise to the Everest that today's uncreative filmmakers keep trying to blow up.The finale of "Scream" (2022) pursues the thesis that those fans are always the branches in the gears of the bicycle ridden by the well-heeled and only ever demanding Hollywood aristocrats of today. Those fans who make up the very largest part of a potential audience, and who so far seem to have only made the mistake of passionately liking a franchise. The "Scream" franchise is one such franchise that has been kept alive by such fans, fans who are now portrayed as potentially insane murderers in this new installment. At the same time, they are still too dumb to understand modern movies, such as "The Babadook" (2014), and the derivation for this is that they - watch out, cleverness afoot - are into movies like "Scream" (1996), i.e. Those stupid and bad horror movies.This is admittedly explained in a - attention -
"Requel" by just such a luminary of that time. Well, thank you!The whole thing could have been made humorous and more all-encompassing, perhaps in such a way that modern Woke society gets at least a bit of fat in a reflected way - then you could have taken it self-ironic - but one-sided moralizing of people, the basic ideas of democracy, discussion and the freedom of art is no fun. It's only through the finale that small points in the film that you could have simply overlooked before also start to bother you, but in the retrospective, i.e. After the final viewing of the film, this no longer seems possible. The disrespectful treatment of Dewey (David Arquette), for example, the clumsy man-bashing, i.e. The right-around variant of sexism in the 21st century, and a half-dozen other pandering to a Twitter community, which is 90% sure not a dollar for a tickets to see this film are simply too much of a bad thing. In the end, postulating that the film was made "For Wes" is probably no longer just questionable after having constantly ridiculed one's craft.Those responsible should be ashamed of this film, but since shame obviously hardly seems to be a thing these days, that's not to be expected either way. Just as little as good counter-arguments from those who refuse to communicate and the modern Lancelots of discourse killers. In such a structure one does not need to mention any names. As is well known, fans of 90s horror wrote them on murder slips anyway and exchange them full of hatred in forums in order to throw branches that break the neck of modern film art into the bicycle spokes. Irony off. But irony also seems to be one of those great things that are almost completely lost these days, so what the heck.Arrogant, stupid and certainly without such "unfashionable" values as respect and discourse skills.
1 Well, you know those remakes that are basically the same thing as the first movie, only remove all plot, all elements of satire, and dumb down what is left while inserting a healthy dose of politics minus the dark satire that came with the original film?You know, like Ghostbusters 2016, Robocop, Matrix 4, The Force Awakens.... yadda yadda yadda?Well, this is one of those movies. It's one of those movies that you knew was going to suck when you walked in and you only saw it because you are married to a Millennial?Yeah, it's one of those.
4 Scream 5 (idiotically titled Scream) when it's a sequel, is honestly a bad slasher and one of the worst of the franchise, a disgrace to the first one, how does it have a 7.2?Scream 5 is one of the most predictable slashers I've ever seen, it follows the basic slasher playbook (which we all expected) and thought it could disguise it with just how meta it is.Honestly, it's one of the least cinematic slashers I've ever seen, almost every character shot is close up, like the film couldn't afford wide angle lenses, I could make a 5 minute short film with my phone and it would be better shot than this piece.Also, we have the worst Ghostface(s) since the one in Scream 3, their motivations were terrible and incredibly unexplained, also, how the actual tarnation did the one girl survive getting shot 3 times and burned on the stove? No one would survive that, she didn't even have anything to put her out with.I haven't even gotten to the terrible acting, the only ones who did a good job were Neve Campbell and Courtney Cox, great as always.It's also extremely sanitized for a requel, I thought it would take some risks, nope, it only kills 1 major character from the franchise, it pulled all the punches and played it safe, which was very disappointing.We've seen this 4 times before, a copy and paste variant of one of the greatest slashers ever, and the ending is one of the most predictable I've ever seen because we all knew what was going to happen?If the killers were good killers they would've killed the girls while they could, their motivations were just like everyone else's.Terrible acting, an extremely formulaic plot line, and a bad filming style make this film one of the worst of the franchise.And I'm gonna give Scream 5, a D+
1 As an avid Twitter user, it was a tough ordeal avoiding spoilers and the reveal of the killer(s). But now I understand it wasn't worth it. The killer reveal wasn't surprising at all, I actually hated that reveal, it was so clumsy and stupid.This film was more meta than the previous installments, not only they referenced Stab movies, but they also referenced past four Scream entries as in meta terms. The script was good when explaining the rules, meta aspects and the main "requel" trope, but when it comes to actual dialogues, it faltered most of the time.I loved Jenna Ortega's performance, she was outstanding. But I didn't liked the rest of the cast's performances, they were boring and annoying.One of the biggest letdowns in horror legacy sequels of this year, after Texas Chainsaw Massacre (2022).I hope Scream 6 will be going to turn over a new leaf to this franchise.
1 Scream 5, more like Scream The Remake, as this is literally, like literally, the Same thing All over Again!And you expect me to ENJOY this Disney Remake? Yea no thank u very much, for I will NOT enjoy this "horror" comedy movie.
4 So, after waiting nearly 11 years since Scream 4 back in 2011, we finally get another Scream film, Scream 5, stupidly named Scream & even mocks the title in itself in the film but you'll hear about that later.The film follows another series of Ghostface Killings that are somehow connected to the new characters of the new generation & so with the help of the Original Characters, they all try to piece together who is doing this & why.I found the film to be mostly disappointing, I pains me to say that but it could've been so, so much better.The Pros:The homage to the Original Scream Films including the first one were ace. You knew immediately as soon as the film started what ones were what, the traits, the script, the scenes themselves, everything that paid homage was ace.The gore was full on in this one & I loved it. Better than the other Scream Films in terms of gore anyway...The opening was good & creative & again, the homage to the original film was also a plus for that reason alone.The kills were pretty brutal & the 18+ was a pleasant surprise.The Cons:The Story & it's twist sucked & here's everyone saying Scream 4's Story & Motivations were kak seriously.The film's kills were too few & far between. Too much chatty, blah, blah, blah scenes. It also seemed the male characters were getting killed off more easily than the female ones were.The characters were unlikeable, a lot of them were whiny & up themselves. Which brings me to the main trio who by the way were used too sparingly to the point where the film didn't even feel like a Scream Film at all & more of a cheap Netflix Film.The pacing was off a little & the runtime wasn't justified at 1 hour & 48 minutes.The Cinema Snob digs when referencing other crappy Horrors like Babadook, The Witch etc were unneeded.The film itself didn't feel very Scream like at all & again the lacking of the original characters had a good chunk to do with this. It felt too modern & wacky & too generic & out there to differentiate it from other slashers preferably to those on Netflix.The ending was a dumb & just plain embarrassing. All the women lived & all the men died typical.And the cherry on the cake, Dewey getting killed off!! That! Was! BAD!! I mean seriously, why him!? Why not Gale or someone else!? No, it had to be him & in such a callous way too!! That for me was the biggest downfall, if it weren't for that, then I would've gave the film a higher rating, but nah, that was a massive middle finger to the fans if ever we saw it!Overall, it's disappointing & it pains me to say that, it's definitely my least favourite now as of this date! The story sucked, the twists & motivations was weak to forgettably bad & the death of Dewey was just the final nail in the coffin.Give it a watch, but honestly I'd steer clear of this one if you love the previous 4. Scream 4 for me will always be the best one & the last true Scream Film before it went down hill in this instalment. 4/10.
1 The lead character couldn't act even when she was stabbed. The older characters looked bored and in for the paycheck. The high ratings are paid for. That's all I cared to write but I needed to fill in more characters.
1 A lane and unnecessary sequel. There is absolutely nothing here worth mentioning. A generic horror film to say the least. The new characters are generic and nothing to care about. The older characters- the ones we do care about- are barely in it. It's just not of the same caliber as the original trilogy. They should've stopped at part 3.
19 February 2022 This film is a slasher that requires you to turn your brain off. It is silly at times, and the plot is just very unlikely. It may be alright to kill some time with it.
4 Didnt know what to expect when going in. Didnt see any trailers since they spoiler so much. I did see a few people praise the movie but still kept my expectation neutral.Going in, the opening scene was underwhelming. This actress is so damn irritating in anything i see her in, and she didn't fail at being a pain in my side through out the movie. Do you know how disappointed i was when i found out this broad was still alive. The only thing decent about the opening was how brutal it was but the bad acting ruined it. The kills were the only positive thing about the movie as whole, ghost face was bad ass and the jumpscares always caught me off guard. Ghost face was literally the only good thing about this, because every character in this was LAME. I honest to god did not like anyone. It was difficult to root for anyone. The leading lady was one dimensional, her sister was annoying and a bad actress, her friends were wack and forgettable, sidney prescott was an after thought. The only exception was the car scene with the guy wanting to leave town, and forget the inhaler.Why did they bring back billy loomis as an imaginary friend/ghost and basically make him a hero. Why did they give billy loomis a daughter. The killer reveal was underwhleiming, and the motive was stupid and lazy. It was so dumb and random and added no depth to the series. And the part where the girl came back to life after catching fire was goofy.They should have made the black girl the killer cause there was one scene in the basement that could have been unsettling but the potential was taken away. The whole movie was just characters cracking jokes about who was or wasn't the killer, and when you finally find who it is its a letdown. And their ''motive'' makes it even worse.
10 I consider 'Scream' to be one of the most consistent film series in existence. To get the same director to direct the first four films of a horror series is basically unheard of. And even the third film, which is pretty consistently considered to be the weakest entry, is still a very fine film. It just had the almost impossible task of following up two of the best horror films ever made. So could the series survive the incredibly sad passing of Wes Craven, and come up with the goods for a fifth entry? You better believe it could.The pacing of this film is incredible. When it came time for the final act I couldn't believe it. I felt robbed. I looked at my watch and sure enough roughly 90 minutes had passed. But it felt more like 30. I can't confirm this is accurate, but this felt like the film with the most screen-time for Ghostface. He was quite relentless in this film.Also the film is brutally violent. That probably sounds like a silly thing to say about a 'Scream' film, but it felt like they took it up a notch this time around. Some of the kills are absolutely ruthless and frankly a little hard to look at. I loved every second of it.The film is also hilarious. Almost every joke they attempt lands. Dewey is undoubtedly the funniest one, but the other cast members certainly have their moments too. There are a lot of clever in-jokes as well (referring to things like David Arquette and Courtney Cox's divorce) that are just subtle enough to work. I really like that kind of stuff.I was very happy when I heard the director's of 'Ready or Not' would be taking on this film, because that was a very impressive movie and proved they had the chops to take on a film this important. If they are interested in carrying the series forward I would be very happy to for that to be the case.One small criticism I have to mention unfortunately. This is the second 'Scream' film in a row that has done it too. What is with the empty hospitals? A decent chunk of this movie takes place in a hospital and every time it is convenient there isn't a soul in sight. I love the eerie setting it creates, however it can be just a little too unrealistic to stomach.This is only the second film I've ever been to where the audience has given a standing ovation at the end. It did help that it was opening night, and the audience seemed to be very switched on to the in-jokes (telling me that they are likely big fans of the series). But I genuinely think they were just blown away by the quality of the film. This is a no doubt 10/10 for me. Wes would be proud.
4 But better than Scream 4, for going exactly where it wanted to. The criticism on the horror genre is clumsy. The kills are not very inventive, and some of it are disappointing and unrealistic. How can you survive so many stab wounds?!... The drama felt a lot like a soap opera. And the shocking death, really got me, until the next scene. The new cast is dull, and if it wasn't for the trilogy characters coming back, you would have no one to really root for. And to be honest, none of them were that worthy. The acting is overall subpar. Even Courteney Cox, who's used to giving better performances, disappointed me. But it has a lot to do with the material given to her. The killer's reveal and motives are lackluster. And the passionate speech about the genre, felt like white noise and too far fetched. I say the original trilogy remains unscathed, because this new movie is NOTHING like it, and from very different backgrounds. Which shows on several aspects of the script and its protagonists. And the way they talk and interact. But it definitely has enough callbacks and reminders of previous sequels, to escape the harshest of criticisms. It tried something different and similar at the same time. And is the only recent horror movie, I really enjoyed watching, since I don't even know how long. As it is free of any agendas or unnecessary politics. But it unfortunately does not have any of the charm and genuineness of the Craven/Williamson's movies...
Why are my upvotes disappearing?...
1 A terrible sequel (re-quell??!), a terrible stand alone, a terrible cheap hit on the nostalgia string, and a terrible meta-movie!What kind of a killer that moves in his costume in a hospital, kills in plain sight in daylight, too week to get repeatedly hit by slender girls, yet too strong to overpower strong men, and even kill one fire armed deputy while hit with four bullets in the chest??What kind of a "stab survivor" shoots the serial killer in the chest, and doesn't even care to go see his face neither does any of his companions, yet he delivers other victims to the elevator and walks back dramatically because he just remembers "you always have to shoot them in the head"????Stop wasting our time!
5 I don't know where the hype is coming from. Its not that i hate the movie or anything, but its just more of the same thing. Its a bloody slasher film, the acting is average, the killings are predictable, and the story is the same. Its a rehash of every other scream movie, its not bad, its just nothing new and frankly that makes it a little on the boring side.
8 Right off the bat I have to say, this is about as perfect of a sequel as I can remember. I had a smile on my face for most of the movie, except the parts where my jaw dropped. High-quality filmmaking all around.They managed to make a fresh new entry in the franchise while somehow keeping the same feel as the originals. Everything feels natural, nothing feels forced. You would think the meta aspect is old by now, but nothing is old if it's done well. It has one of the most meta scenes in movie history, and I loved it. It's funny, awesome and creepy, constantly keeping you at the edge of your seat.I can't believe I'm saying this, but this fifth entry in the franchise is my favorite. I liked them all except for Scream 3, but this feels better in so many ways.The writing is extremely clever, to the point where it feels like they're toying with the audience, and the audience likes it! No more stupid character decisions like the previous sequels. In fact, there are numerous moments where the characters do the smartest thing possible.But what's the biggest improvement? The kills in this movie are all brutal. If there was a Scream kills ranking, this movie would have almost every top spot. It made me so happy (what does that say about me? Lol).I had a blast with this movie. I can't wait to watch it again. Other writers, directors and studios need to study this case and apply it to all future sequel attempts. This is how it's done.Edit: I watched it again before it left Ultrascreen. I had the entire theater to myself :)When it comes to mysteries, you worry that the second time around won't be nearly as good. But I liked it even better. I noticed so many things. All of the brutal kills still made my jaw drop and the big moments still gave me the feels.This movie is so fast-paced. It's almost two hours long but flies by because it's filled with story and kills. I complain about so many movies because not enough happens, there isn't much movie "substance." In this movie, stuff happens. A lot.They did an amazing job with making Ghostface such an intimidating presence. Every time Ghostface is on the screen, the movie gives you the feeling, "yes, it's time to poop your pants." (2 viewings, opening night 1/13/2022, 1/31/2022)
5 Of course I have seen the previous "Scream" movies way before I sat down to watch the 2022 movie "Scream" from writers James Vanderbilt and Guy Busick. But I have to be honest, I haven't been much of a fan of the "Scream" franchise, though I have seen the movie on the account of it being horror movies. So I wasn't really harboring much of any expectations to the 2022 movie.And with good cause, because directors Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett didn't really deliver anything that haven't been seen previously in the numerous "Scream" movies. Sure, there were new characters in the storyline, but essentially it was just the same old soup boiled on flavorless bones. So if you have seen the previous movies, you have essentially already seen the 2022 movie "Scream" as well. But chances are, that if you are a fan of the franchise, then you certainly will find some greater enjoyment in this 2022 addition to the franchise than I did.The storyline, while it certainly was watchable, just was too mundane and generic. And it was essentially just the same routine done again, but with new faces. Oh, and with some recurring faces too to reprise the 'legacy' characters, as they were called in the movie.For a horror movie, then the 2022 movie "Scream" just wasn't outstanding, and it is a movie that quickly will fade from my memory now that I have seen it. But then again, this wasn't a movie that I was particularly looking forward to getting to watch.The acting performances in the movie were good, and that goes for both the new cast and the former "Scream" stars returning to reprise their characters. I will say that it was most certainly David Arquette that put on the most memorably performance in this movie.Sure, the 2022 "Scream" movie caters to the fans of the franchise. But for us casual viewers that have seen the previous movies or at least have familiarity with the franchise, then this 2022 movie was just sort of mundane. I am sure that if you are new to the franchise, then the 2022 movie "Scream" is a good movie.I have to say that, for me personally, then "Scream" felt like a fully and wholly unnecessary movie.My rating of "Scream" lands on a mediocre five out of ten stars.
1 I liked 1-3 Scream films I thought their were very good olden days horror films I grew up with. I thought first one was just better start fresher classic horror film by Wes Craven and noticing Easter eggs from any other Horror film fantastic, 2nd and 3rd I liked but now I can deal with those sequels now. I thought sadly movie sucked, ruined half way threw old characters are just props now I know it was to do something different but it brought NOTHING different on table, it was one of worser sequel then to 4th film at least 4th back in 2011 witch I knew movie would suck I didn't see it until at this year before 5th was released, 4th did suck so many reasons. But at least you have comeback with old characters that's its it simple as that before Wes Craven Died, even if Wes was a alive made this movie exact sameway he can't save this movie or at least he would bring up a different idea. Everyone likes and
loves this movie is because it's a Reunion from first film, it's a Nostalgia witch means bringing back the past from first film that's why everyone loved it then somehow in trailer got 4 stars???? 4 stars for this crap I don't know how in earth this made so much money in Box Office, I don't even freaking how in earth this got pass???? What was soo Great about this 5th film?? It felt too rushed, story felt very rushed, it was lazy
suspense, lazy ideas all it did was just a redo from first Scream film all over again with all this Reunion expect you have characters Related from first one that's it. Their was no shocking moments expect. Believe me you won't be surprised about this sequel at all. Story does still follows from 2011 4th Scream film Tara Carpenter (Jenna Ortega) was home alone staying at Kitchen as always then a strange phone call happens then she hangs up gets threat text messages, if she doesn't pick up or hangs up her friend will Die then she got attacked by Ghostface and she survives I givethat credit and it is something different to table to that because in every opening of Scream movies at start of film they just Die but at least in this one made it different Tara Survives, you have an older estranged sister Sam Carpenter (Melissa Barrera) finds out that in files or Boxes she Discovered that Billy Loomis from very, first Scream film is her father Sam then tells Tara that Billy is her biological father after discovering the truth years prior, which resulted in their parents separation and why Sam became estranged from her.She's been dealing with hallucinations of Billy Loomis witch she sees him in her vision anywhere in mirror looking like same character from 1st character but expect he aged a bit doesn't look any younger at all... you have other characters that were related to character Randy from 1st and 2nd film Mindy Meeks-Martin (Jasmin Savoy Brown) and Mason Gooding (Chad Meeks-Martin) as in they have Uncle Randy you have relatives from Randy those characters I never cared about, you have Wes Hicks (Dylan Minnette) related to other character from Scream 4 as the son to
Sheriff Judy Hicks (Marley Shelton) from 4th Scream becomes Sheriff now in moment you will be surprised what happened to them in half way of movie that was something different. You have Richie Kirsch (Jack Quaid) as boyfriend to Sam character, Amber Freeman (Mikey Madison) known for Once upon time in Hollywood plays the Susan "Sadie" Atkins one of Charlie Manson killers play's in this movie. You have original characters back Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell), Dewey Riley (David Arquette), Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox) back in film but they don't appear like in middle of movie they are just sadly used and wasted like props. Your lead character is Sam Carpenter with her boyfriend trying to find out why is Ghostface is after her. In this movie is just stupid it's like what is happening nowadays scene where you have Randy Niece Mindy talking about requels, sequels like Terminator, Ghostbusters, Jurassic Park everything you name. You have Dewey back but not in good way he play's a loser, living in trailer, has a put on weight has put on gut, so writers just made him like a loser you have 1 scene with him and Gale, you have that score song from 2nd scream film Hans Zimmer theme from Broken Arrow film staying as Nostalgic as it canyou will be Disappointment what happened to Dewey he gets killed off completely he doesn't survive I am like??? You didn't need to kill off Dewey just to shock audience other characters survived stabs a lot of times they get brutally stabbed like you thought they were Dead already but they weren't new characters can live they got stabbed a lot of times but Dewey nah he has to Die off to shock everyone because they out of ideas?? That's different??? Just because it's different doesn't mean it's always good, you want something different for this 5th crap make Dewey as lead and Sidney as cameo kill off Gale have Dewey go out for revenge... that's it simple that's different or kill off Sidney if your out of ideas Directors or writers... I reckon it shocked enough when they killed off Wes Hicks and Sheriff Judy Hicks that was shocking she got more times then to Dewey. Threw out film you have same house, same place like in first one house party, samething someone goes by themselves in basement to get Beers, you see miles and miles and miles awayAmber Freeman is the Killer I saw that miles away from beginning of movie I knew she was killer of how shifty she was and how she was acting staff like that I knew she was killer, I knew Sam boyfriend is killer before they got to House from first film. It's tattooed to Amber head killer she looks like a freaky killer. You have same moments where Mindy is sitting and watching first Scream does samething like what Randy does look behind you, while Ghostface slowly comes behind Randy but it does that Mindy I doubt Scream 6 they will kill off Mindy or Chad in next sequel.... and movie ends sameway like 1st film did, same jump scene with jumpscene then play's roll credits showing actors names with footage from 5th film. Unbelievable how ruined it is, how lazy it is even title is Scream why don't they call it Scream 5 now it's Scream and Scream ??? If someone is new to watch this franchise they don't even know witch one is witch??? To start with it would be funny if someone starts to watch this movie then person gets surprised this is sequel from past 4 movies... very lazy suspense, lazy character direction, using original characters from 1-4 as cameos as props sadly to say.... if you loved Scream franchise your curious about this movie DON'T EVER SEE IT at all just ended with 3rd film witch is perfect ending and it didn't need no more Scream films after 4th film or 5th film just best to end it with 3rd that's it... if you hated 4th film don't even think about seeing 5th film reason why i wanted to watch it is because i was curious i had free time, and also i was out for friends so yeah saw it for free... even i was lucky don't even spend a dollar until it's out on Netflix.7.1 i wish that was joke.
2 I should have known, its so easy to see who the 2 killers are and nothing new on this one.The first movie was pretty good the other ones all failures.
2 So nowadays Hollywood is devoid of ideas, either remakes, new versions or anniversary rehashes seem more common than new films, horrors especially have declined as people seem scared to push the actual limit of what will or won't offend the new weak generation.Scream is a classic, obviously not talking Oscar level etc but it's a classic franchise with a good following and a recognisable legendary mask.This film tries to break the fourth wall like deadpool but if it's possible they're actually in door 74 as it's just cringey self aware nonsense. Explaining why and who and linking it was so lazy, it could've been literally written by a child. It's just not really a new film in the real sense.What's ironic is it isn't clever or witty and it's actually just a bit of a shame, a lot of below par acting, too many cliche acknowledgements to catch out the audience and the same tired super loud sounds to get jump scares rather than doing anything actually scary.The acting was abysmal, the story was a weak re hash trying to appeal to the current stupid generation. The injuries and recovery were inconsistent and ridiculous with who can deal with pain etc.It was really predictable to, it wasn't even a swerve it was like yeah it's obviously you guys, I mean duh!Stop ruining franchises by appealing to a generation who don't appreciate anything and think a hair cut last week was retro. It's weak, disappointing and too self aware to be entertaining.It was slow,dull, predictable, did make a couple of attempts at gory kills but nothing that was creative or dramatic.Do not understand the high score except it was a blast to see ghost face again.Lazy. Pointless. Arrogantly self indulgent, appeals to the social media morons and not true fans. Acknowledging the scream logic to then do it worse is just ridiculous.
1 Anyone who was born before 2000, and grew up with the original cream series would hate this film lacks any horror or any suspense the new characters are crap and not want wee wanted to see oh and to only give gale and Sidney 15 minutes of screen time in a 2 hour movie was a horrible choice also unlike the first 4 screams the killers arent hidden very well and can be guessed fairly quickly plus how does a little girl lift up a 6 foot guy and gut him i just do see it my self oh and whats with this billy loomis had a daughter nonsense he was way to young to have a kid and was killed off in the first scream movie now you could have brought his mother back to have revenge but. Instead you choose something less believable oh and how do you still live after being shot and set on fire it just wont happen like i said only the young people from the 2,000 will find this film good but us who grew up with the other 4 films are pissed that they have given the franchise a bad name also don't get me started on the crappy acting and lousy story oh and whats also missing is hardly anyone gets a phone call from ghostface i will never watch this again i will only read the true fan reviews.
8 Ghost face once again terrorises Woodsboro, faces old and new.I went in with fairly low expectations, and came out of the cinema feeling thoroughly entertained. It wasn't perfect, but it was a very good installment, it managed to pack a lot in to what by today's standards is a moderate running time (refreshing not to be sat
for 2.5 hours!)Let's begin with the two best elements for me, firstly the visuals, this movie looks terrific, some gorgeous shots, those behind the camera did a tremendous jobs. Secondly, the horror element, they managed to surprise you constantly, you didn't know when the next scare was coming, good fun for those that love jump scenes.Nostalgia seems to be the order of the day in films for 2021/2022, and if you're a fan of the first few, there is a lot here to enjoy. They really do pay homage to the first one. A good awareness of where the film sits in the franchise history, and some nice commentary.Slightly more serious than the last few, don't expect the humour from years gone by, there isn't much of it.I'm reminded of the Halloween reboot, it's a quality film, that embraces its past, but offers something new as well.I thoroughly enjoyed it, 8/10.A nice touch regarding Wes.
1 Clearly most of these reviews are paid reviewers. It's absolutely insane how something as mediocre and predictable as this one gets love and in the same vein people diss or hate 2-4.How did the directors cast and wrote this movie?1. "It's like in Silence of the Lambs when Jodie Foster had visions of her dead father" LETS MAKE BILLY HAVE A CAMEO AS THE DEAD FATHER!2. "Why can't I be in a Meg Ryan movie..." LETS CAST MEG RYAN SON AND MADE HIM THE KILLER!3. "We all go a little bit mad sometimes." - Lets add a Psycho Shower Scene4. "Horror movies don't create psychos it makes them more creative!" The Stab Movies created 2 psychos and made them not creative one bit.5. Lets make them ALL related to the original cast.Freaking dreadful. Anyone defending this movie clearly cannot be a fan of the original 4 movies. The fact I'm in the minority shows exactly we haven't had a good sequel in 11 years and probably won't ever again.The good parts: always nice seeing the OG3 in the limited and poorly written role (are these even the same characters???? Wtf), the brutalness was good but kills were not memorable or suspenseful. The eastereggs.The bad parts: no suspense, no twists, no surprises, annoying leads, horrible retcon of billy cheating on sid, almost no screentime for any of the characters that die so you don't care.This franchise is done for. Rest in peace Wes, we would never had gotten this if you were around.
2 SCREAM (2022) is a movie that feels totally unnecessary. It's a film full of interchangeable generic Gen Z actors and continuing to drag all the older ones back into a dying franchise. First the filmmakers really need to learn the timeline. The new bland main character Sam says that after the events of the original film, the copycat murders occurred about every decade. So let's see: 1996, 1998, 2000, 2011, 2022. Yeah, that's every decade! Lol. Next, how is Sam a full 5 years older than her sister and group of friends when she looks the same age as them? She's supposed to be like early 20s and they all look early 20s. Sam's age doesn't line up. Billy got her mother pregnant and died in 1996, so she should be at least 26. But the movie says she's 5 years older than her sister who can't be more than 17, which makes Sam 22.Next, they cast the most forgettable group of actors possible for this. The dialogue and humor was incredibly awkward. All of the 21st century, social media, self-aware dialogues were pretentious. I don't believe real people interact like this. I physically cringed throughout the curly-haired girl's REQUEL monologue. Even the acting within all the Stab movies they were watching was bad and cringe. I could have done without a couple of the returning actors, too. Courtney Cox is looking rougher with each new Scream movie. And the aging blonde actress from Scream 4 creeps me out with her eternally receding hairline. Was Randy's sister married to Adonis? How did THAT woman manage to sire those 2 fashion model looking people?Then there's the lack of logic. How did Sam's sister Tara miraculously survive the opening attack from Ghostface? She didn't look like someone who'd just been stabbed multiple times. The siblings big emotional scene in the hospital room was such bad acting lacking any kind of resonance. What father abandons his family and daughter that he raised for over a decade just because he found out she isn't his biological child? Why is Tara holding this against Sam? Her older sister is pouring out her soul to her explaining her whole life was turned upside down when she was like a pre-teen and the younger sister has zero sympathy? Why is there no one ever around in places where there should be a reasonable amount of people, like the hospital? A reasonably sized "small" town like Woodsboro shouldn't have empty hallways and waiting rooms. How did it take Sam and Dewey seemingly forever to get to the "small town" hospital? Why is the police force so oblivious to all these murders? They know that this town has a history of serial killers and copycats. Their Sheriff and key Deputies keep getting slaughtered and they don't seem to care.I literally forgot about a couple of the teen characters during the chunk of the film that focused on the 2 sisters, Dewey, Sidney, and Gale. When they showed up again after about 40 minutes, I was like "oh, yeah she's in this movie". In fact, the only 2 side characters I remembered were the twins and I recall early on predicting they were the killers and I thought for sure when Mindy joked that she was the killer, she really wasn't joking. Turns out the person she was making the joke to was one of the killers. THEN that's when I knew who her accomplice was, especially when he tried to divert Sam's attention towards her sister. The girl killer was pure cringe trying to imitate the iconic Stu from the original classic Scream of 1996. Why did Chad throw his phone away? Just wipe the blood on your jacket so he can work the buttons properly. Characters are stabbed multiple times, shot in the guts and somehow still completely lucid and walking and moving normally afterwards. Girl gets shot 3 times point blank range and somehow is still alive and screaming at the top of her lungs as she's consumed by fire. She should have been dead from the gunshots, not the fire...also turns out she still wasn't dead. Got to be a shot to the head because this franchise is utterly dumb at this point. Unless you're shot in the head, no matter how maimed you are in other vital parts of your body, you can fully function with no problem.Too many talking killers. Just kill your prey and get it over with. And the writers try to somehow redeem Billy Loomis as a hero in the afterlife as the ghost muse for his illegitimate daughter. Then they kill off my absolute favorite character of the franchise Dewey. Regardless of how far these movies have fallen, David Arquette has always been a reliable mainstay. Also, the scares in this franchise have been reduced to just a bunch of jump scares, both empty and actual. And honestly up until the point that Dewey died, Arquette was the only actor doing anything remotely close to good acting. I can't stress enough how BAD the dialogue was in this movie. It had none of the pop, wit, or humor of the original film. And as bad as the new actors were overall, I think the main actress playing Sam was by far the worst. She delivered her dialogue in the blandest way possible. I couldn't tell if she was mad, happy, or sad. If they are rebooting the franchise with her as the new hero, this is going to be a serious problem as she's nowhere near as good as Neve Campbell. But the actress playing the younger sister wasn't much better. Also, the twins, who I thought were the killers to begin with, actually survived somehow. I smell them being the killer duo in the next film as I predicted in this film. My prediction is pretty much the only thing that would even make me watch the next one.
1 I really, really, really cannot see the point. All the new and original novels out there just crying out for a film version, but they go with this. It might as well be called the fourth remake. The same story, the same characters, the same snore-fest. The only difference I can see is Sam's comedy eyebrows.
10 Cecil B. DeMille was a motion-picture producer-director whose use of spectacle attracted vast audiences and made him a dominant figure in Hollywood... He was successful in a genre - the epic - that he made definitely his own, until William Wyler came along three years later with "Ben Hur."In his first epic role, Charlton Heston is cast as Lord Moses, prince of Egypt, son of the pharaoh's sister... As a true prince, he saves a slave's life; as a great prince, he gives the priest's grain to the slaves and one day in seven to rest; as a man of justice, he confronts Nefretiri with a piece of Hebrew cloth, the key to his origin; as a warrior and in excellent physical condition, he kills a tough and cruel master builder; as a courageous Hebrew, son of slaves, he tells the pharaoh: "It would take more than a man to lead the slaves from bondage, but if I could free them, I would!" As a man of prowess, he shows his latest methods of combat when he takes on the shepherds and routed them; as God's torch, he proves to be the Deliverer of the Hebrews, their prophet and leader; as the Lawgiver of the Covenant, he is the founder of the community; and as interpreter of "The Ten Commandments," he is an organizer and legislator...Yul Brynner is superb as Rameses, the rival of Moses... His arrogance and swaggering snobbery are well represented... Brynner delivers an intelligent cynical role... Regarding himself as divine, he rejects the demand of this unknown God and responds by increasing the oppression of the Hebrews... Anne Baxter is Nefretiri, the sensual princess who leaves her scar upon Moses' heart... Nefretiri is beautiful as a jewel, and her eyes green as the Cedars of Lebanon... For Moses, she is always ready to lie, to kill and betray... She is selfish in her life as certainly in her love... Edward G. Robinson plays Dathan, the chief Hebrew overseer who confessed to Rameses: "Give me my freedom and I'll give you the scepter. Give me the water girl Lilia and I'll give you the princess your heart's desire." As a treacherous overlord, he charges to the people yelling: "Go where? To drown in the sea?"Yvonne De Carlo plays Sephora, the midnight shepherdess to whom Moses is wed... Sephora couldn't fill the emptiness of Moses' heart, but promised not to be jealous of the memory...John Derek is Joshua, the stone cutter, who is totally convinced that Moses is God's Messenger...Debra Paget plays the delicate flower who quench the thirst of the working slaves... For her the hour of deliverance will never come...Sir Cedric Hardwicke plays Sethi, the mighty Pharaoh, whose words to his son mark great significance: "Who would take a throne by force that he has earned by deeds?"Nina Foch plays Bithiah, pharaoh's sister, who discovers the basket in which Moses has just floated down the Nile...Vincent Price plays Baka the sadistic, covetous, murderous whip-wielding slave-driver..."The Ten Commandments" is filled with tremendous special effects: Moses's staff turns to a snake; Moses turning the Nile to blood; the Passover of the Angel of Death striking all the Egyptian first-born; the tremendous pillar of fire which halts Rameses' men; the Exodus from Egypt; the parting of the Red Sea; and the delivery of the "Laws of life, and right, and good, and evil."The relationship between God and man is the powerful drama in our world... Moses is 'every man,' in his pride and humility, in his courage and prowess, in his love and hatred, in his weakness and confusion,in his conduct and ability...DeMille's "The Ten Commandments" is a moving story of the spirit of freedom rising in a man under the divine inspiration of his Maker... It is a remarkable spectacle with great music, filled with exceptional setting and decor...
8 When I was 10 years old I saw The Ten Commandments in the the theater which is the only place it really should be seen. At the time I thought it was the greatest film ever. All that splashy color cinematogaphy and eye filling spectacle. The guy that put this together is some kind of special genius. Then I grew up.Today in a lot of quarters this and other DeMille sound films are viewed as pretty high camp. Especially those that touch on a religious theme. It's that dialog and The Ten Commandments longer than any other of his films has more of it. People talking some of that high falutin' nonsense, together with a good mixture of sex.What a lot of people fail to remember is that before Cecil B. DeMille came to Hollywood he was an actor and playwright on Broadway. He learned his trade at the feet of David Belasco, the premier Broadway producer/playwright of his day. In that Victorian/Edwardian era, ALL the actors, in Belasco plays especially spouted that stuff. I recall Anne Baxter saying that Moses spurned her like a strumpet. How many people do you know who use the word strumpet in their every day conversation? Or Yvonne DeCarlo saying to Charlton Heston that he Moses is God's torch to light the way to freedom and that by the way she loves him? DeMille made one great casting decision in getting the only actor who could play Moses and make it believable. This indeed was Charlton Heston's career role and as he said in his autobiography if you can't make a career out of the lead in two DeMille pictures it ain't happening. One other member of the cast Edward G. Robinson as Dathan loved this picture. Robinson had been dropping in star status since the late Forties and was now doing mostly B films. DeMille, whose rightwing politics Robinson despised, gave him this part and Robinson's career got a big shot in the arm. Robinson was grateful and gave him full credit in his unfinished memoirs. Most of the last half of The Ten Commandments is a running verbal battle between Heston and Robinson who is trying to keep some kind of control. Robinson is almost like the leader of a company union with the Hebrew slaves as members and Robinson sure enjoys the perks of office.The first half of the film is the sex part, hovering over all the biblical jargon. DeMille used an old gambit of his, two men in a rivalry over a woman. It worked in previous films like Northwest Mounted Police, Reap the Wild Wind, Unconquered and now here. Anne Baxter is a royal princess promised to the next Pharoah designate. But who will Sir Cedric Hardwicke designate. Charlton Heston his nephew or Yul Brynner his son? Anne Baxter has Nefretiri has both these guys hormones in overdrive. She favors Moses, but then Moses gets a higher calling.Though he was no director of actors and his sense of drama was generations old, DeMille was a firm believer in two things, fill the screen and make the films move. 50 years later the parting of the Red Sea will still make one gasp. It's not just publicity hype when The Ten Commandments is advertised with a cast of thousands, that is thousands you're seeing on that screen. Elmer Bernstein wrote the musical score for The Ten Commandments one of his first. He credited DeMille with teaching him how to write musical scores for film that underscore movement. This score brought him his first real notice as a film composer and he certainly became one of the best.Given the computer technology available today, one can only imagine what Cecil B. DeMille could create today. Of course he'd insist on some of the same writing, but then again without it, it wouldn't be a DeMille picture.
8 It doesn't get any better than this.  You can count on this perennial favorite to show up every Easter just as you can count on "A Christmas Carol" during the yuletide season.  The daddy of all contemporary religious instruction, 1956's "The Ten Commandments" is blockbuster spiritual entertainment in every way, shape and form, as Cecil B. DeMille depicts the life of Moses from his birth to slavery to Mt. Sinai in grandiose, reverential style.  And what a life!This was the first movie I ever saw at the drive-in.  I was only 6 at the time but I can remember the neighbors taking me to see this, snuggled up in pajamas and stuffed in the back seat.  The parting of the Red Sea waters, the turning of the staff to a viperous snake, the green-colored pestilence of death seeping into the homes of every first-born, the creation of the tablets, the burning bush, the booming narrative.  I sat in absolute silence and wonderment.  This is my first remembrance of any kind of movie-making and the Oscar-winning visual effects and vivid pageantry are still pretty amazing, even by today's standards.Charlton Heston, the icon of biblical story-telling, still towers over anybody who has ever TRIED to played Moses  before or since.  Stalwart and stoic to a fault, he possess THE look...cut out of pages of my old religious instructions book....the look that radiates magnificence and glory...the look of a man who has definitely seen God.  His commanding stature and voice with its slow, deliberate intonation is eerie and unmatched.  Yul Brynner portrays Ramses II as if he were the King of Siam in Egyptian pants. Nobody poses or plays majestic like Yul.  He's forceful, regal, imperious...everything a  biblical foe should be.  Anne Baxter as the tempting Nefretiri, Queen of Egypt, borders on total camp in her role, her stylized line readings and breathy allure is laughable now, with posturings and reaction shots not seen since Theda Bara.  But who cares?  Baxter provides the most fun and its her florid scenes that I now look most forward to  whether she's throwing herself at the totally disinterested Moses or verbally sparring with Ramses, slyly pushing his emotional buttons.  She alone puts the "k" in kitsch.  The rest of the huge cast is appropriately stiff and solemn.DeMille's 1923 original version of "The Ten Commandments" is hardly subtle as well, but still impressive and certainly worth a look.  In the 1956 remake, DeMille organizes a cavalcade of thousands to lend authenticity to the massive exodus scenes, while the ultimate picture-perfect frame for me is the three beautiful slave extras posing exotically and dramatically on a rock in front of a vivid blue-gray backdrop of furious, threatening clouds as Moses parts the sea.  That vision alone is one for the books.Whenever I am tempted to break a commandment or embrace that golden calf, I know I'll always have to answer to Charlton  glaring down from Mt. Sinai ready to throw those heavy tablets at me for my transgression.  Charlton not only sets you straight, he makes you BELIEVE!
10 This is one magnificent film. Brilliantly directed by Cecil B DeMille, it boasts some splendid cinematography and gorgeous scenery and attention to detail. Not only that, but also a script that positively sparkles, characters that are refreshingly complex, a rousing score courtesy of the great Elmer Bernstein and a compelling story. Also impressive, perhaps even more so, are the astonishing set pieces and the acting. In the lead Charlton Heston is very powerful while Yul Brynner too gives one of his best performances. The supporting cast are equally impressive, Cedric Hardwicke, Vincent Price, Judith Anderson, John Carradine, Edward G. Robinson, Yvonne DeCarlo and Debra Paget are all memorable. All in all, The Ten Commandments is nothing short of the epitome of magnificence not just in its scope but also its complexity. 10/10 Bethany Cox
9 Every time it played at our local cinemas I went to see it and sat through it at least twice. I cannot remember how many times I have seen this wonderful movie. I first saw it when I was about 11 and marvelled at it as a spectacle. I wept when Heston wept and rejoiced when he did. As I grew older I came to love Brynner's fantastic performance and lust after Anne Baxter (only better in All About Eve). Cedric Hardwicke, Edward G. and Debra Paget (Hubba Hubba)all impressed me. I was sorry Vincent Price was killed so early - what a great villain. It still demands my attention when it appears on TV. I swear I have seen it enough, but if I catch a glimpse then I have to see it again!! I find it unbelievable that it won almost nothing at the Oscars. At least best Actor for Brynner and best supporting actor for Edward G.!! No costume design? No set design? No Music? A travesty!! See this if you have not already - you are in for a treat- it still stands up. Long but absorbing.
10 When will Paramount Pictures re-release the 1956 movie The Ten Commandments to movie theaters? I know that the movie is shown on television and is on DVD, but this epic and incredibly successful movie is meant for the theater. Besides having a great cast, the movie tells a great story and tells it well. This movie will resonate with today's audience. Today's audience would enjoy watching Charlton Heston, Yul Brynner, Anne Baxter, Yvonne De Carlo, John Derek, Debra Paget, Edward G. Robinson and the others in the cast and would greatly enjoy the finale, including the parting of the Red Sea and the creation of the actual Ten Commandments. Technologically, the movie compares favorably with today's movies. Today's audience would respond favorably to the rich colors by Technicolor and to the music by Elmer Bernstein. In addition, the movie will help educate a new generation about events in history that have had a profound and lasting impact on the world. It will introduce the audience to powerful and memorable characters such as Moses, Ramesses, Sethi, Nefreteri, Bithiah, Aaron and Dathan as well as provide a glimpse of ancient Egypt. The scene where Moses confronts Ramesses and demands, "Let my people go!" is iconic and will definitely make an impression on today's audience. Today's audience will appreciate Anne Baxter's powerful performance. Why keep this movie in DVD land? Let it spread its wings on the wide screen in theaters for all to marvel. Watched this movie again and again this movie warrants only superlatives. GREAT story, GREAT cast, GREAT acting, GREAT special effects, GREAT costumes, GREAT EVERYTHING. This movie is one of the greatest epics ever produced by Hollywood. The scenes with Yul Brynner and E. G. Robinson and Charlton Heston are iconic; the scenes between Mr. Heston and the beautiful Anne Baxter are cinematic gems. Moreover the story is told in a straightforward way giving the movie the continuity it requires to stay on track, which is essential for a movie that is almost four hours long. Moses was a hero, Rameses his nemesis and Nefeteri the woman who had and then lost the man she loved, a Hebrew man named Moses.The acting is stagy, but the story is great, and Charlton Heston IS Moses. This is Charton Heston's greatest role. He is what makes this movie work. Heston gives one of the greatest performances in the history of Hollywood. Whether as the prince of Egypt, or as a slave, or as a shepherd, or as a leader and a prophet, Charlton Heston is the central player in this story. Yul Brynner, Anne Baxter, Sir Cedric Hardwicke, E. G. Robinson, etc., are great in their supporting roles too, but this is Charlton Heston's movie. This movie conveys the intensity of a time when a people held in cruel bondage were soon to be freed and were soon to be led by someone whose emergence onto the scene is so improbable as to confound everyone around him. For who was Moses? Was he an Egyptian posing as a slave? Was he a Hebrew masquerading as an Egyptian prince? Was he a prophet? Or was he an opportunist, using the plight of the Hebrews to gain a following and thereby confront and defeat his rival Rameses? The movie raises these questions. Now the movie may not be historically accurate, but that's not important. What IS important is the story this movie tells, which is about a man who is on a mission to liberate an entire people from the shackles of slavery and sacrifices everything - wealth, power, the love of Pharoah's daughter - to accomplish what he sets out to do - and does it.There are some critics who make fun of this movie for its stagy acting and stodgy story. Well, this is complete balderdash. Yul Brynner and Charlton Heston were never better and Anne Baxter is positively beautiful. The movie is a story about liberation, redemption and hope. It's about people who were led from the house of bondage and became a nation, guided by the great and profound prophet, Moses. That this movie is remembered over fifty years after its release is proof enough of its timelessness.
10 September 2004 What a fantastic movie to climax DeMille's illustrious career.Charlton Heston, king of the biblical epics, shines brightly as Moses, the one time Egyptian Prince, who now carries staff and perm in order to work Gods will and free his enslaved people from bondage.Yul Brynner, in what I believe to be his finest turn before the camera plays Rameses the Pharoah who's hateful relationship with Moses spans the entire epic. He is charismatic and shows off the arrogance of a stubborn Pharoah to perfection. This is indeed a film stealing performance.The beautiful Anne Baxter is at her sultry best as Nefretiri, the woman who would be queen to Rameses, but a slave in love to Moses. However the character is complex and I certainly had trouble in deciding who's side she was on in this epic battle of good verses evil. In the beginning she claims not to care for Moses' discovered background and is willing to be with him no matter what, however as the film progresses she does nothing but ridicule him and belittle him in true anti-semitic fashion.Edward G. Robinson, Vincent Price, John Derek, Sir Cedric Hardwicke, Yvonne De Carlo, Nina Foch, John Carradine, and Debra Paget all lend fine and memorable support, to an already colourful and breathtaking experience.Incidentally it is worth mentioning that so convincing was Martha Scott in her role as Moses' mother Yochabel, that she was given the chance to play Charlton Heston's mother again in the later epic Ben-Hur.Another interesting fact is, it was Charlton Heston's own voice who spoke the words of God. It was Heston's own idea that to hear God would be to feel God from within, which is why he thought it would be interesting to hear His voice as his own.A remake of DeMille's earlier screen adaptation of the fine book of Exodus, many can see why this film ranks as his ultimate achievement. The sets were lavish and the story handled with suitable reverence and dignity.People today often make the mistake of comparing older films like this to the modern epics of today with regards to their effects and they quite wrongly categorize them as inferior. Today anyone can create CGI images on their PC. Even my three year old daughter can make something look convincing with a mouse and a keyboard and although these effects are great, people have to remember that CGI was not available in 1956.Okay there are a few obvious matte backdrops used here, but to achieve the effects they did nearly fifty years ago was an outstanding and impressive feat which took talent and knowledge. I tend to look upon these effects as superior because it took the use of mans own brain to bring them about. The human brain is the best computer available, yet one seldom used in todays world. So please take this on board before you slam The Ten Commandments for it's "cheap and nasty" look as one reviewer called it.This movie is ALMOST faultless, even the length is forgivable as I was so engrossed, I hardly notice the time passing.One fact that did rouse my curiosity was Moses' appearance throughout the film. I know he went to speak to God at the burning bush, but did he really have to stop off at the salon on the way back? Or did God appear to Moses complete with curling tongs and hair dryer? "Just a little off the top Oh Lord." And why did Moses seem to age more than everyone else? It seemed like he went from a youthful dark to everyones favourite Santa in the space of a week.This aside, this film is a fantastic piece of cinema and must rate as a personal favourite of all fans of Biblical epics.
10 What was the Academy of Motion Pictures thinking in 1956? Outrageous that 10 Commandments lost to Around the World in 80 Days.The entire cast should have been nominated for Oscars. Here is how I see it: Best Actor: Charlton Heston and Yul BrynnerBest Actress: Anne BaxterBest supporting actor: Edward G. Robinson,Cedric Hardwicke John Derek, Vincent Price. Best Supporting Actress: Nina Foch, Martha Scott, Judith Anderson, Debra Paget.Shockingly, no one in the stellar cast received acting nominations. Only the lord knows why.Yes, as my rabbi pointed out many years ago, the alleged romance between the Egyptian queen and Moses was overplayed. However, it can't take away from the magnificent acting and quality of this totally absorbing movie.They just don't make movies as great as this one anymore. They'd never have actors and actresses to replace the above great people.In 1956, Brynner did win the best actor Oscar for The King and I. He was far better here. Though, the award should have gone to Kirk Douglas for Lust for Life. Douglas losing, Ten Commandments losing, any message to be learned here? As for the film itself, it should serve as a pre-requisite for those in the industry who wish to make biblical epics. The sets were absolutely lavishing. I guess that opulent would be the best word to describe them. Who can ever forget the dialogue? Remember those princely plots. What alliteration! They just don't open the Red Sea like that anymore.
9 I'm always willing to watch this, and I always enjoy it.  Rather than admit that there is something wrong with my taste, then, I've come to the conclusion that it's actually rather good.  It clearly has class, and spectacle.  Perhaps it has other virtues as well.Say what you will about De Mille's stagy style: it fits the Old Testament. Whereas "The Prince of Egypt" went soft and new-agey when it came to the crunch, De Mille never lets us forget the harsh world events are taking place in.  With a powerful and capricious god glaring at everyone all the time, it's not surprising that people - even pagans - take to talking in speeches.  (The speeches are in an attractive, flowery style that isn't biblical but has the same aesthetic standards as some biblical writing.) And the god really has some Old Testament flavour.  Everyone is terrified of him, and for perfectly rational reasons would rather pretend that he doesn't exist.  This gets tiresome after a while.  You'd think that after watching the Red Sea part everyone would have been willing to admit that Moses courted SOME kind of supernatural influence.  On the other hand, you'd be a mug to trust this influence too far.Possibly the best thing about the movie is the way it manages to divide our sympathies without weakening them.  Yes, we're on the side of the Israelites.  But it's also hard not to be on the side of the Egyptians. The old Pharaoh is probably the most likeable character on display and the young Pharaoh, while he has his flaws, is a nice enough fellow done in by unfortunate circumstances.  Moses gains our empathy early and keeps it even when his beard has turned to marble.  Only the minor characters are villains - and they're fun, too.Of course, I say all this knowing full well that the entire film is, at the same time, completely ridiculous.  Well, what can I say.  It's yet another instance of a general law.  Simple sincerity can sometimes spin straw into gold.
10 Like a handful of reviewers here, I first encountered "The Ten Commandments" in the theater on a parochial school class trip to the movies. As a Catholic, we had already been instructed on the life of Moses and how he rose to prominence to lead the Hebrews out of Egypt and slavery. As a kid, I would have been eight or nine years old at the time, and was looking forward to seeing how the baby Moses was found floating in the river, and how the adult Moses turned his staff into a snake. It goes without saying that the burning bush scene and parting of the Red Sea had to be in the picture as well. I recall some disappointment that there were no plagues of frogs or locusts on screen, but after all, the film ran over three and a half hours as it is.Watching the movie the other night brought back a lot of those reminiscences, and I was pretty amazed at how colorful and full of pageantry the picture was. The cast of thousands was indeed a cast of thousands, epic in scope of course, and one of those reminders that 'they just don't make 'em like that any more'. But with an adult eye, some of the film's glaring downsides are more than noticeable. Like the stilted dialog that hearkens all the way back to the birth of talkie films, and the wooden performances of characters portrayed by the likes of John Derek (Joshua), Vincent Price (Baka) and John Carradine (Aaron). I also had to laugh during that scene when Sephora (Yvonne De Carlo) and her sisters met Moses (Charlton Heston) for the first time. The goo-goo eyes directed at Heston were embarrassingly anachronistic even for the 1950's; why director Cecil B. DeMille allowed that to stand I'll never know.But the story pretty much kept faith with the Biblical version of Moses, and gives a good accounting of his break with the Pharaoh and the wandering in the desert on the way to Sinai. Upon studying the opening credits, I had my eyes open for appearances of unlikely actors like Mike (Touch) Connors and Clint Walker but they apparently weren't sharp enough. It's my understanding that Walker got his 'Cheyenne' gig on the basis of his appearance in this film. It was easy to catch Woodrow 'Woody' Strode though as the Ethiopian King bearing gifts for Rameses I (Cedric Hardwicke). And what can you say about Edward G. Robinson? On paper, his casting in a Biblical epic seems rather mindless, but by the time Moses' followers languished in the desert, he really hit stride trying to undermine the whole enterprise. And for cinema fans, the coup de grace of course is the parting of The Red Sea in all it's pre-CGI glory. I read about how DeMille did it once, using combined footage of the Red Sea with scenes from the Paramount backlot using a huge water tank split by a U-shaped trough. It was the most difficult special effect ever to be attempted at that time, and to it's credit, is still impressive to watch today. It's got 'how did they do that' written all over it.
8 We are facing one of the most consecrated biblical epics ever made and the magnum opus of Cecil B. DeMille. The story is well known, most people know the Bible even without having read it. Concerning the work of the cast, it's great even if we consider that they're overly theatrical and lack here some veracity and naturalness, essential to play in cinema. Charlton Heston is the great actor of the film, in the role of Moses. Yul Brynner was also excellent as Pharaoh Ramses, as Anne Baxter in the role of Nefretiri. Edward G. Robinson surprises in the role of the hypocrite Dathan. But what makes this film particularly intense is the beauty it has. The setting is one of the biggest that Hollywood has ever made, with thousands of extras with carefully detailed period costumes. Everything was thought to the detail and we love all this visual show. Of course, historical accuracy has been left in the background. DeMille had his school on Broadway and might not attach much importance to the historical details but knew how to make a great show. The visual and special effects are quite realistic, the state of the art of cinema of this time, and still can seem credible today, more than fifty years after it's premiere. The soundtrack of Elmer Bernstein is strident, betting heavily on metals and percussion, in a clearly symphonic style that was thought to make everything even more grandiose. In short: it's a consecrated epic that many people still watch, almost religiously, at Easter (in Portugal it's normal to be broadcast on TV in this period, year after year). The big problem of this film is the very theatrical dialogue and acting. It looks like theater. But we can forgive this fault because it's more or less overshadowed by the visual and sound show.
7 April 2000 Nobody ever wants to see a movie more than once because the quality and charm of the movies of today are just not enough to coax you to. But every once in a while there comes a movie which, firstly never lets you take your eyes off the screen for the full length of its feature and secondly,makes you want to watch it over and over again without boring you. Not only that, the more times you watch it, you feel that you missed something the last time. Cecil B. DeMille's THE TEN COMMANDMENTS is that kind of a movie. There have been many movies made on the topic of this Hebrew born prince of Egypt, but none compare to the way in which it has been portrayed in THE TEN COMMANDMENTS. There are a number of reasons for that:1. When casting the role of Moses, Charlton Heston was chosen above all others including Bert Lancaster, not because of his knowledge of the Bible, but of his striking Physical resemblance to Michelangelo's sculpture of Moses especially the facial structure not to mention the stout build of a prince.2. The sets for the film were specially designed and the splendour of ancient Egypt in all its glory was recreated especially for this movie.3. The role of Rameses II was given to Yul Brynner after DeMille observed his magnificent performance as the King of Siam in Rodgers & Hammerstein's THE KING AND I, confirming that he is well suited for a stubburn and malificent heir to the Egyptian throne.It was not only Heston as Moses who made this movie a success, but all the elements that came together, the cast of thousands, the special effects,the costumes, the sets and most of all the simply unbelievable "parting of the red sea".It is a wonder why this movie only received one oscar; that of the Special effects, yet I think it deserved alot more. It did not even strike at the box office. Even then it never fails to enchant millions, no matter what religion they follow. Movies like THE TEN COMMANDMENTS and it success in the hearts of millions, shows quite clearly that a movie, in order to be loved by millions the world over, does not necessarily have to strike gold at the box office.To watch this film, you don't have to believe in God, but if you believe in good triumphing over evil and freedom from slavery of foreign masters, then this is the movie for you.
9 The parting of the red sea! The confrontation at Mount Sinai! This movie is full of spectacular scenes and images! De Mille truly was a great filmmaker. His powerful imagination is evident in the Ten Commandments. This is his masterpiece. It carries you along on an epic adventure that is as big as the old testament. It captures the ancient, epic feel of the original Bible story. It has several stunning performances that could have easily been cheesy and fake, but are convincing and fascinating. Some say that the dialog is campy. I don't think so. I've seen this movie many times and have never thought so. It's nothing like the terrible dialog in Plan 9 From Outer Space from the same decade. The romance may be a clich now, but it was quite original when it first came out and is still interesting. I personally don't like romance, so the fact that I wasn't bothered by this one is really saying something. This marvelous story is wonderfully told by De Mille and I would strongly recommend it.
7 To mount an epic movie based on the story of Moses delivering the slaves out of Egypt is an ambitious and logistically challenging task at the best of times. To have done this in 1956, without the aid of computer-enhanced effects for believable crowd scenes or real-looking historical sets, is more remarkable still. When our screen is filled with tens of thousands of soldiers or slaves, stretching right to the horizon, what you see on the screen really was in front of the camera. That level of resourcefulness and organisation is staggering to think about, and makes The Ten Commandments an admirable achievement by any standards. Having said that, there are moments when you might find that the epic proportions of what is before your eyes creates a stronger impression than the "divinely inspired story" (as Cecil B. DeMille calls it in his introductory speech).It is prophesised in Ancient Egypt that a Hebrew slave will be born who will one day deliver the other slaves from a life in chains and lead them to freedom. Jittery, the pharaoh demands that all first-born Hebrew babies must be slain to prevent the prophecy from coming true. One Hebrew family put their baby son into a basket and cast him onto the Nile, hoping that he will somehow reach safety from this awful fate. Instead, the baby floats right into the gardens of a royal palace, where he is found by Bithiah (Nina Foch) She takes the baby as her own and names him Moses. Years later, Moses has grown up within the Egyptian royal family and is revered as a noble, wise and resourceful Prince of Egypt. One day he may even become the next pharaoh, much to the envy of the existing pharoah's birth son Ramases (Yul Brynner). Moses and Ramases are also locked in a battle for the affections  and eventual hand in marriage  of the beautiful Nefertiri (Anne Baxter). Ramases spends most of his time plotting a way to discredit Moses so that he might beat him in their mutual race for the throne and the woman of their desires. Then, unexpectedly, Moses learns about his true ancestry. When he discovers that he is, in fact, of Hebrew birth parents he forsakes his royal status and becomes a slave. After many years of hardship - including a long period of being banished into the wilderness - Moses learns from God that he has been chosen to deliver the slaves from their appalling existence in captivity. He returns to Egypt and leads his people to freedom.Cecil B. DeMille had already made this film, under the same title, in 1923. This lavish and expensive remake is a better film though. Heston is excellent as Moses  the role requires tremendous presence, and he provides it in abundance. Brynner is also very good as Ramases, etching a character whose burning envy towards his rival is convincing and memorable. At times, the dialogue is a little stilted and lofty; at other times it is actually quite eloquent (the parts narrated by De Mille himself are especially articulate). Elmer Bernstein's score is appropriately stirring, and the cinematography by Loyal Griggs is truly outstanding (hard to accept that Griggs lost out in the Oscars that year to Lionel Lindon's work in Around The World In 80 Days!!) The Ten Commandments features some fabulous cinematic highlights  the 10th plague, the parting of the sea, and the writing of the commandments are a few that spring to mind. In between the highlights the film has its lulls, but even at an elephantine 220 minutes it never lapses into total boredom, and is well worth catching if you're a fan of biblical epics or old-style Hollywood pageants.
10 "The Ten Commandments" is a milestone film. For some, those of us in their 50's or older, it represents the end of an era: Some call it "The Golden Age of Hollywood"; the beginning of the end of the studio system; and the end of a period in which the real founders of the "public art" took, or began to take, their final bows -- DeMille, Zukor, Goldwyn, Selznick, and others.For those of us who saw "The Ten Commandments" on the big screen and in one of the now extinct gilded movie palaces of yesteryear, the picture holds special memories. There is a sense of nostalgia that accompanies any new viewing of this one-of-a-kind Victorian pageant. For many, I'm sure, the nostalgia extends beyond the film itself.There were problems in the mid-fifties, as in every decade since the real Moses came down from Mount Sinai. Polio, the continuing menace of poverty, the material and spiritual separateness of what we called "colored people", Communism, etc. But . . . there were virtues too, many reflected in the writing and performances of "The Ten Commandments": Virtues like courage, strength of character, personal honor, and endurance were paramount (no pun intended). The biggest problem in schools was students chewing gum in class. Today, it's students "shooting-up" in parking lots or shooting down their classmates in the halls. . . America had an identity then.DeMille's vision was, always, of "an ideal". He painstakingly produced authentic looking packages in which to wrap his vision -- embellished by the "glitz" of what was, then, the "ideal" Hollywood portrait: Bluer than blue skies; shimmering, jewel-encrusted costumes; out-sized architecture; dramatically convenient thunderbolts; and perfectly lovely female leads, with make-up invariably and predictably un-smudged. DeMille gave his audience what they expected from an "A" picture. He wasn't interested in realism. His idea was to reinforce values he'd learned from his parents and his brother (a noted playwright) in a dramatic format which could be "felt" by young and old, alike . . . more a reverence for time-honored principles than the analytical, ironic, and questioning approach dominant in the films of today. There was in the 50's and the 40's a more amicable attitude toward "orthodoxy" -- in all its forms. Hence, the overwhelming popularity of every DeMille production released during that period.After fifty years, "The Ten Commandments" is still impressive visually, dramatically, and especially in terms of the intensity of its convictions (reflected in all the biographies of the principals) . . . something which cannot be said of many similar big-budget pictures of the same era.One day, someone may attempt a re-make. Expect that it will be visually impressive and less "stagy". But . . . expect, as well, that it will be punctuated with the obligatory mandates of political correctness; an uncertainty about its message; and a healthy dose of Twenty-First Century cynicism. It will be more "realistic" to be sure, but far less "authentic" -- like a perfume ad, physically attractive, but without a "heart".
8 THE TEN COMMANDMENTS is a film that I'd never watched previously but which quickly went to the top of my list of favourite Biblical films on viewing. Undoubtedly this is a crowning masterpiece from director Cecil B. DeMille, an all-star epic that plays out over a near four hours yet remains awe-inspiring and engrossing throughout. What I loved most here were the visuals; the colour is glorious and the huge sets and colourful costumes look wonderful on screen. You can even forgive the dated back projection as the vistas displayed are so wonderful. The story of Moses will be familiar to many viewers, but it's told here with spectacle and aplomb, enlivened by top performances from Charlton Heston and Yul Brynner and a quite wonderful supporting cast (including a surprise appearance from a personal favourite, Vincent Price).
10 1. Thou Shalt Create a magnificent symphonic score.
2. Thou shalt assemble beautiful looking stars in the leading roles.
3. Thou shalt have some religious feeling, but not too much.
4. Thou shalt not bore the audience.
5, Thou shalt use technicolor.
6. Thou shalt spend a fortune in order to make an even bigge one.
7. Thou shalt not be subtle.
8. Thou shalt limit the use of dancing women.
9. Thou shalt have the courage to have an intermission.
10.Thou shalt use special effects that will knock socks off.
5 February 2009 Cecil B. DeMille's epic masterpiece is one large movie. Large in terms of lavish sets, in terms of costume, in terms of acting, in terms of budget, in terms of music, in terms of running time, in terms of cast and so it goes on. It pretty much has all the ingredients of a grand classic and uses them all to the fullest. The lighting and vibrant colours light the screen. The cinematography and effects are quite good. Even though some of the special effects may look dated today, it works for this film and is a nostalgic break from the CGI. Bernstein's music is dramatic but likable.The acting is very theatrical but it all fits with the context of the film. The legendary Charlton Heston has immortalized the role of Moses on screen. No one else has been able to match up to Heston in playing him. Yul Brynner is majestic and intimidating as Rameses. Another role I doubt anyone could have done better. Anne Baxter plays her role like the typical heroine/temptress of the 50s and she is very enjoyable to watch, especially her line delivery, body language and reaction. The rest of the cast are stiff and funny but equally entertaining.Even past more than 50 years, the film feels like a grand epic and authentic with a capital 'A'. While a majority of recent big films lack heart, 'The Ten Commandments' has that even though the picture itself is over the top. I watched the film several times as a kid and loved it. Years later, I finally got the DVD and the film still amazes me.
9 This biblical epic provides a sensational cinematic experience in every sense of the word. With visual effects equalling other classics such as 2001: A Space Odyssey, it is an absolute delight to the eyes.A lot of the outdoor scenes have gorgeous backdrops ( A couple of them look somewhat dated, most notably scenes in which animated fire is added. ) but it is an extremely impressive film visually for in the time it was made. A lot of shots in the latter half of the movie feature hundreds of extras flowing across the screen like an epic orchestral piece. There are too many incredible images to name, but the one that stands out is ofcourse the incredible sequence in parting the Red Sea. The entire chariot sequence before that is also beautiful in its cinematography. It is an incredible feast of colour all around. The music by Elmer Bernstein is also an excellent epic orchestral piece and adds to the epic value of the movie.While lacking the emotional value of for example the similar Ben-Hur made three years later also starring Charlton Heston, this does not detract the film from being any less spectacular. This spectacle will constantly fill you with absolute beautiful images and the sheer epic nature of this masterpiece alone will make you lessen the need for an enormous emotional impact.The performances are all incredible too, with Heston in his usual biblical main role giving off an exceptional performance with a lot of character development in his role & Yul Brynner playing the cold and calculating villain as no other.As an athest i am not blinded by 'Simplistic christian propaganda' in this film as some say it is full off, but i disagree. It is irrelevant if you are a Christian or not. To see the beauty in this film, all you need is a pair of eyes and the brain to absord it in.All in all, this spectaculair motion picture will leave you in awe and make you feel sorry once more that movies like this aren't being made anymore due to todays social constructs.
9 Probably the best Bible movie ever made. It's a very exhilarating experience. Everything is just so grand: the music, the sets, the whole scope of the story, and even the acting. Charlton Heston as Moses is truly one of the greatest heroes of all time. Such an epic and beautiful film, this is one everyone must see. Even if you're not religious there's so much in store with this film. A masterpiece.
9 So let it be written - so let it be done! This is an all-time classic, which probably deserves more attention that it has got. Yes, it's hammy sometimes, cheezy too, but always good value, the special effects are excellent for its age, and the whole thing has EPIC written all over it. Charlton Heston gives an excellent performance as Moses, Edward G Robinson is suitably nefarious as Dathan, and there's great performances all round from Anne Baxter and Yul Brynner. The expression "total cinema" always comes to mind, and it stands up perfectly to repeated viewings... especially around Passover.
10 Undoubtedly my religious views color my perception of the film but DeMille's jocular, spectacle style does not lend itself to nuanced human drama. Instead, this film is a pitched melodrama built around some frankly silly concepts but for all that the film is highly enjoyable. As DeMille's final directed feature it is more than a fitting swan song; it is cromulent summation of DeMille's career.The film is at its best when the focus is panoramic and dealing with the large strokes of the story. the film's production values are illustrative like a comic version of the Bible. If nothing else the film strikes the eye in its grandeur. The parting of the Red Sea is one of the more successful effects of the 50's. While other effects are not as polished the film still manages to be an engaging body of technical work.The performances are uniformly engaging-which isn't necessarily to say good. Heston is bombastic and the rest of the cast try to keep up with him. The actors all look the part but do not expect nuance here. This is a old fashioned adventure. It is best to leave the film at that level.
10 The Ten Commandments is one of the greatest movies ever made in the history of American cinema. It has all the elements of a great movie: a great story, great acting, lots of action, lots of romance, lots of conflict, all tied into a coherent story that has a beginning, a middle and and end. The movie engages and then keeps the audience's attention. One cannot help but root for Moses to succeed. He is the symbol of righteousness and hope, and of a man who is chosen to do great things, not for material gain but for a much more sublime purpose: to liberate people from oppression, in this case real, grinding oppression. The movie contains many scenes that today are iconic: his service to Pharoah, his return to the Pharoah's court in chains, his love affair with Nefretiri, and most of all, the court scene with Rameses, the parting of the Red Sea and his return from atop Mount Sinai with the Ten Commandments. This movies succeeds in withstanding the test of time. It is either dated nor corny. The acting is superb. Every member of the cast, from top billed to the thousands of background extras, deliver powerful performances. In this movie the background extras play a prominent role. For this movie is not about a few persons. it is about a moment in history that affected and changed the whole world. Moses is on a mission and nothing will stop him from fulfilling what is his destiny. Moses forfeits all material wealth to serve a higher cause, the cause of freedom. The movie is over three and half hours long, but time flies when watching this movie. That is because there is nonstop action. Everything in this story is intense. People are being ruined but through faith attain salvation. In the movie, Moses was not a fraud. He is not a false prophet. He delivers on his promises. He is a hero, and who doesn't like watching someone be a hero?
10 Since seeing it as a boy, "The Ten Commandments" was one of the best and most influential epics I've ever seen! After the movie being over 50 years in age, I still considered it as being one of the best and most influential of films. Here's why: The story: Based off of the Holy Scriptures and the other related books, the film bases is about the tale of Moses. The film follows closely (some of it fictionalized), as Moses rises from fame and glory, to exile and hopeless, and to then crossing the path of the spiritual. There he becomes one of ancient history's most inspiring and unforgettable heroes, as he leads his people, the imprisoned Hebrews, to salvation from the grasps of the cruel tyranny of the Egyptians. Supported by the moving narration of Cecil B. Demille, the story flourishes and makes you believe in it.The Acting: Charlton Heston, as the lead, gave a very compelling and believable role as Moses. From his words of cool wisdom, to his thunderous shouts, he is not only a thespian, but a pure image of Moses. In second billing, Yul Brynner is likewise astounding. His performance of Ramses the II was cold, powerful, and unsympathetic to the imprisoned Hebrews.And in addition is Anne Baxter, who plays very, very well as the tempting, seductive, and deceptive Nefeteri. She can either be easily adored, or despised. There are countless other cast members, such as: John Derek, Edward J. Robinson, John Carradine, Sir Edward Hardwicke, any many more faces were all fit and believable in their roles.The Film-making: Till this day, in my mind, it is amazing to watch. From its massive production design (one of the largest recorded in Hollywood history), to the costume designs, the lighting, colorization, and the thousands of extras that floods the picture with an authentic grandeur, it is outstanding. Added to this, the music composed by Elmer Bernstein is pounding and uplifting.Astonishing! Engulfing! Though-provoking! Brilliant! Vivid! Magnitude! I could only praise it, even if it is nearly a four hour film. (for me, the four hours flew by). This is one of the few epic films that follows the three main guidelines needed for an epic on such a grand scale: story, acting, and film-making talent. There's without doubt after seeing this film, your mind will be stuck on it for days.**** out of ****
9 I took a point off the movie because its just sooooo religious! lol and I am not.Anyway lets try and remove religion from the movie (wtf). I watch this as just a brilliant piece of story telling that is so full of passion and bulging with pantomime style characters.Heston dominates the screen and the story.The sets are fantastic and the effects are terrific as well.It is a really awesome movie than never feels overly long. I've rewatched it a few times and always get entertained by it :)
4 "The Cellar" has some promise, its atmospheric and its visuals are creepily, compelling. That said, it's utterly spoilt by the unrealistic reactions, of the main characters.The idea of self preservation, in the face of escalating and utterly terrifying revelations, that threatens the family, is met with a suicidal degree of calm. The remaining child, for example, is allowed to wander the house from hell, mostly unsupervised. An ancient predatory demon, who has a track record of hellish abductions, including his sister, stalking the hallways.Most sane people would be pushing said child out the door and burning rubber to the nearest motel. One ideally, with a church, equipped with a demon hunting priest, right across the road.But not these idiots. Nope, they are happy to stick around, blithely looking to solve "the mystery", as if its an episode of Nancy Drew or The Famous Five. "Oh bother, the demon ate Timmy!"In summary, the lack of realism undermines any promise The Cellar, might have had. Its watchable but feels, wooden and wholly contrived.
8 If you are familiar with the Greek language or I guess hebrew sign language, you may be able to see some red flags ... or whatever you would want to call them. Before you buy a house you should definitely check what happened there ... no one seems to be doing that in movies ... ok I kind of half kid - I mean we wouldn't get any movies done otherwise, right? Rhetorical question and all that.The movie did surprise me however. I did not expect much and the way it started it seemed to fit into the pattern I imagined this to be. But then it does turn out to be something really interesting and good. The story is tight and it concentrates on what is important. There are still the usual tropes and cliches that have to be checked of course. But still if you are not too nitpicky, the movie offers a lot here. Some may even compare certain things and moods to classics like The Beyond.And then the ending that will "reward" the viewer for having stayed on ... hopefully. Because I would understand if some felt it was a bit too much. Not me and a friend I can assure you. Watch at own peril.
4 Family buys an old home at auction knowing nothing about its history...turns out it's basically a gateway to hell! This was so full of cliches and so unoriginal. Studios be like "Horror films make a lot of money people! Think of a plot...ok I know how bout we have a family move into an old house which turns out to be a portal for the devil!" "Nah that's been done before." "Yeah but we will put a washed up actress in it and add a lot of counting and symbols and imagery and all that and it'll be just different enough to make people think we came up with an original idea." "Great let's run with that!"How many more times can studios put out the same movie?! It's gotten so bad! I should know better than to fall for these horrible films. Avoid this! It's a garbled mess of a movie and the acting is so bad it looks more like a parody than a serious film. Shudder is the worst!
6 I found this movie quite entertaining. There is not a lot left in this type of movie that hasn't been done or hasn't been seen before. Especially the old, big and lonely houses that harbor some dark secret. That's why I probably gave it a better rating (6) then it actually deserves. So, although the whole thing was rather generic. I found especially the first half of the movie quite entertaining, the ending though rather confusing.
5 An "evil house" film that is occasionally Lovecraft-adjacent, Cellar's story has good bones but little meat, and I was more than once reminded of Mitchell & Webb's "Lazy Writers."Add to that constant attempts at suspense that fall short because there aren't any stakes. The overbearing score, always letting you know to Be Really Scared Now Okay! Doesn't help. The first two thirds of the film felt like padding, like B-roll repurposed into something usable after the budget ran out.But when we finally get there, it's actually a pretty good ending! And the acting is adequate, and the production values are good. They just should have left half of this on the cutting room floor.Okay for a movie you watch with friends, fully intending to talk over half of it.
7 I am a sucker for a GOOD scary movie. Overall the story was good but then it dragged on. I kept wondered why the parents did not think to keep the one child they had left safe. I would say for a scary movie it was good, not really a jump out BOO! Type movie. Really just a creepy what if kind of story. Acting was good, the girl in the movie was not great. But the rest of the cast was believable. I miss stories with happy endings but if your into creepy slow burns this one was just good. I won't watch it again, but I would recommend if you have nothing better to watch and love shudder movies like I do.
5 This movie had great scenery and wonderful momentum...the acting was top notch and I was into this movie! However...the last part of the movie left me hopeless. I know that literally ALL horror movies rarely have a happy ending...which this one certainly did not. I don't do spoilers, but at one point in this movie...you're going to go "WOW! What a mom!" You're going to be disappointed. People in horror movies buy homes and NEVER do the research into them. It's painfully too late when they start the research into the haunted house they purchased for practically nothing. Duh. The house sold for nothing with ALL the furniture in it. Yeah. Something seriously wrong with that deal. When something is too good to be true...it usually is. And then the house eats your family. The end. Peace.
2 A gazillion close up shots of Cuthbert a little boy with a nice haircut, a rebellious daughter who had five minutes in the entire film and a clueless dad, did nothing for this super meh long and drawn out story. This film was dreary, lackluster and melodramatic. Watch with the volume down, with subtitles on and turn on some music and you will still be able to follow the story. And all of those nonsensical close up shots on Cuthbert's face only proved that she is old.
3 There's a goat at the bottom of the cellar and his name is Wiggly Woo, although he does have other pseudonyms, and they generally rhyme with pooh, which is quite inappropriate as he doesn't bear any resemblance to Winnie but can whinny when encouraged. Anyway, if you look up the definition of futile in a dictionary: incapable of producing any useful result; pointless - a bit like my opening ramble, but not as much fun.
7 When her daughter disappears in the cellar of the family's new home, a mother suspects the arcane symbols left by the previous owner are the key to finding her again.Ambitious horror that feints toward sci-fi through quantum physics but ends up in metaphysics. The quantum idea is brought in through the touching use of Schrdinger's Cat as a metaphor for the plight of mother and daughter, but it doesn't really inform the story. Instead, we're presented with mathematical language as a means of imposing order on chaos, but which opens the door to an evil from another world. The evil has to be confronted on its own terms, which takes us into the other world, where we find the opposite proposition: mathematics shows the way to an eternal reality - the ideal form of what we only perceive in our world as shadows, but a horrible ideal.It's Plato according to Lucifer. There is some internet-research guff about alchemy and the Knights Templar, when direct reference to Pythagorean mysticism would have been more interesting, but the guiding motto Dissolve and Coagulate is an application of the theory of forms, in which a thing is mirrored back from the other world in its real essence - in this story, the essence of evil.That's how I read it, and the intrigue grows as the plot unfolds, but getting there is a mixed experience. One mark of a good horror is how we're taken through the looking glass, from safety to mortal danger, and here the trick is pulled off with chilling simplicity during a phone call - excellent bit of sound design. The climax heaves into view with twenty five minutes to go, but its energy builds with style into a grand vista of eternity in hell. Whew!On the downside, much of the screenplay is cliche, from the sullen teen, to ye-olde-house (ludicrously over-sized), to the marketing babble of the irrelevant boardroom scenes. Underlying all is the fact this story is a retread of Poltergeist, so confining itself to a variation rather than presenting something fresh. Also a few threads that should have been snipped off: the reference to anarchism, which seems to become conflated with the nihilistic ankle tattoo, and the gratuitous Hitler quote right before the explanation of the Hebrew letters. (I hope it's gratuitous, because it does chime with Plato's view of democracy.) They made the same mistake in The Exorcist. And is direct police involvement really needed? Entia non sunt multiplicanda.The biggest problem is with the orchestral music effects, which overwhelm the experience. Perfectly good for the grand climax, and I'm complaining not about the manipulation but about being made conscious of it. So for the first twenty minutes it's all squealing violins and throbbing violas, even playing over the spooky old voice recording - why ruin one sound effect with another? I recently came across the same problem in The Golem, and it grinds my teeth.The performances are OK, but I felt the lead didn't convey enough terror in her search for the daughter - too composed. Nothing remarkable about the camera work, although the depiction of the other world is impressive. Surprised that mirror imagery wasn't used to support the central idea.Overall: Valiant failure to overcome early problems.
1 This is a terrible film. Perhaps the worst film I have seen in 2022. The writer didn't put an effort into writing a cohesive film. The family in the film could have avoided most of their problems if they used a door stop to keep the cellar door open since it tends to close every single time someone walks into that room. (facepalm).How can a busy professional know precisely how many steps from the first floor to the cellar floor. How can this mother waste time with her daughter counting the steps when there is an important meeting she needs to be in as the call is taking place. Why on earth would a mother send her daughter down the stairs into a creepy dark cellar without lights with only a candle to light her way? Didn't she think her daughter might fall down the stairs?Wow, this is pretty darn bad.
6 Love creepy house movies, could have been super spooky. It was let down by the parents "what were they thinking" or not in this case. Who leaves their children in a huge old house the day after they move in, to pitch an idea at work???? The acting by the "mother" Elisha Cuthbert was great. The father was sleepwalking through the whole movie, literally no point having him. Good concept, unfortunately, lack of budget and character development let it down.
1 How can one not recognize the Hebrew alphabet? How can one run some "whatever" digital company who holds preputial meetings on trying to crack the code on "social influencers" but yet hires some intern to figure out "what strange language this is?" (Hebrew)How did the clueless intern manage to use her Googles so quickly and like Daphne and Velma master the language and rearrange the letters to solve the mystery in like 6 minutes.Plus, I hate how people move into a house and they are unpacked by the end of a fully cooked dinner. (Who doesn't take time off from work during a move? Oh, not this family. They went right back to their "meetings" an hour or two after moving in,)I swear the writers used a search engine like Yahoo or Web Crawler circa 2003 and searched "Spooky, Occult, superstition" and then threw it all together like a pot of Gumbo.If I was whatever entity haunting that house I would be really annoyed at how dense this family is and try to send'em packing like the Lutz family.This film was annoying.
5 This movie reminds me of cheap 80's horror movies with its Theme, use of camera and sound engineering, use of music. Probably cheap horror movie lovers like me enjoyed this movie a lot. I hope Shutter continues to make movies like this.
3 The say you can tell if a movie is going to be any good in the first 15 minutes. Well it only took me 5 to realize this was going to be terrible. Slow, dismal and boring is the perfect way to describe this film. 3 stars.
6 A family moves into an old house with Hebrew letters carved above particular doors. The letters Lamed (L), Vav (V), Yod (Y), Tet (T), Nun (N) spells Leviathan, which is the demon that is spoken about being the beast. When the daughter disappears the mommy starts connecting the dots and begin to realize that she needs help in order to save her family from an ancient demonic entity that uses the house as a gateway.This occult themed movie got satanic and alchemical elements throughout and comes across more like a thriller than a horror. If you are expecting gore you will be disappointed. It builds up tension till the last horror-part concludes.If you are into horror and the occult in general you will probably like this one.
6 Family moves into an old rural home and all hell breaks loose.There is nothing here that you have not seen before. Old house with a Cellar, Lovecraft-esque demons and some silly decisions. At least the tension starts to build immediately and it keeps it going throughout the movie.This could easily have been an 8/10 but the character development of the father is non-existent. He could just as well not have been in the story and average acting by the children detracts from the believability. The "research" of the history of the house is also brushed over - that is usually the part of a great horror that makes the viewer sit up and watch and turns the tension up a a notch or two.Elisha Cuthbert still has the best chin in the business.
6 Professional or arm chair (IMDB users)!Granted there is nothing new in this tale ripped from the works of H. P. Lovecraft (ancient Gods) and advanced math (symbols for numbers in a formula structure).That in itself is new tho, as I have read a lot of Lovecraft (sing that to Led Zep "Whole lotta Love - Craft.... Whole lotta Love - Craft..."), and he never, in my readings, equated mathematics with opening a gateway that ancient Gods can come walking in through!Well acted and atmospheric.
4 The Cellar (2022) is a full-feature adaptation of an older short film. The latter is available on YouTube, it's simple and moderately effective.It feels like an ambitious undertaking to bring such a short and simple story to a full-feature length. I can't say they have succeeded.There are two significant problems with this film:1) The time in the beginning that should've been used for character introductions just wasn't there. They rush straight to a scary cellar.2) Since there was no build-up, the middle part got too long and featured the same scenes repeatedly with no progression.I did enjoy the ending, though. It just goes completely off the rails. I still have no idea what the point was with all those numbers and counting. It looks like it was just color, never really adding up (pun intended) to anything.This is the first time I have seen Elisha Cuthbert act in a long time, and now she plays hide&seek with Baphomet, shuts doors on it, and hits it with a flashlight. This is surreal.Overall: nice (although basic) atmosphere, empty, senseless mystery, only one real character.Film's achievements: parents of the year, Baphomet hide and seek.
7 I always approach these channel commissioned Movies with some apprehension. In my book, Shudder has a 50/50 strike rate. However on this occasion I was pleasantly surprised. It is not one for those who seek action in every frame and gallons of blood. But this really intrigued me. And I found myself caring about the characters. And really wanting to know what happened. Although the ending was not a shocker, it still left me wondering. For those who are into the supernatural rather than the supergraffic.
7 The Cellar: A family move into an isolated Irish Manor house, as could be expected the teen daughter Ellie (Abby Fitz) isn't enamoured with the change. Things take a turn for the strange when Ellie disappears in the basement while on the phone to her mother Keira (Elisha Cuthbert). The cellar itself and the steps down to it exude a sinister creepiness . We are off on a journey through possession, the opening of gates between dimensions and the discoveries of 12th century alchemists. But the Demon and poltergeist effects in this case are connected to medieval mathematical formulae. In the name of Schrodinger I compel thee! Begone! Some good shock scenes but most of the horror here is psychological. A bit uneven, at it's worst when dealing with Keira's viral marketing campaigns but returns to the promise of the opening with a cataclysmic finale. Written and Directed by Brendan Muldowney. 7/10.
7 I was wondering if that phrase had any meaning, "leave it with me", no. It didn't have any meaning. The writer/producer, person in charge uses that phrase and instead of having different characters use different phrases, they all used the one that he uses in life...
Rant about "leave it with me" over.The movie was predictable partly due to having read the description before having seen it. And even more predictable, horror movies nowadays rarely have a happy endings. They never get away from the monsters, so it was quite apparent what was going to happen.And I don't know what kind of parent would go through hell to get their kid back from hell... well, actually, the kind of parent that would encourage their kid to go to figurative hell to turn the lights back on instead of telling them it's OK...
3 I knew it would be low budget film but dude.. this movie must costs 100 Euros.. you supposed to deal with abyss and some kind of demon.. not even a door broke...the demon's custom was so fake and childish.I knew it would be slow-burning but in that kind of movies you need a strong moment of action and horror as an ending scene...as a reward to the viewer for keep waiting.. this gave nothing.The plot was trying to be different but it finally didn't make it.. silly decisions, lights on-lights off and opening doors. Same stuff again
I knew it would be bad but i like Eoin Macken and i thought i should give it a change..
PS: Chaos is a Greek word but actually we don't use it always in bad meaning in Greece. Some times we use it trying to describe a mess room, or a crazy situation or a party..
2 I have watched countless bad films in this genre. So I am not surprised or disappointed with this one. The script is boring and even absurd at times. Acting by Elisha Cuthbert is the sole reson of two stars, the rest of the acting is annoyingly bad. Characterization or character development is non-existent.I will not comment on the high rating reviews. If you are not familiar with such reviews by now, you do deserve to watch this one.Watch only if you have nothing better to do, or have a hobby of wasting your life watching crap movies.
6 The Cellar is a rather good chiller with some really tense moments. The scene of the daughter counting to ten just like in the short, The Ten Steps, works just as well here. Elisha Cuthbert is good in the lead role and makes me wish she was in more movies these last 10 years. The movie, like most of these types of horrors, suffers once the monster is revealed but there is enough here to recommend and leads to a decent twist kinda ending.
8 There's another version of "The Witch" that could've existed. A Puritan family in New England gets terrified by a witch living in the woods, who torments them with supernatural Satanism. If you're saying to yourself, "wait, isn't that exactly what this movie is?" then you've come to the right review.I'm not what you'd call a fan of horror movies. I don't gravitate toward the genre and I almost never seek horror movies out in theaters. That said, any movie that garners critical acclaim or positive buzz piques my interest as a fan of cinema on the whole. "The Witch" lives in that territory as a horror movie for cinephiles, not for audiences who love the thrill of a good scare.That's not to say "The Witch" isn't scary; it is. It's just not scary in the modern trend-driven, formulaic, "movie trailer that ends with a jump-scare" kind of way. Writer and director Robert Eggers, who makes his feature film debut, builds his terror with tension drama and mystery, not by creating the pervasive sense that some creepy thing will pop into the frame at any moment.Eggers, a production designer first and foremost, builds his "Puritan nightmare" from the ground up, starting with all the tiniest era-appropriate details in the set, costumes and even dialogue. It doesn't take a historian to notice the immaculate craftsmanship and consideration of time and place. Eggers' devotion to this realism pays off in that the "The Witch" never loses its footing in reality even as more supernatural elements creep into the story. Well, until the end, but let's not go there except to say that by then, the realism matters much less.The story follows a Puritan family that leaves its plantation and village over religious differences and goes off to build a home near the edge of the woods. Suddenly, the family infant, Sam, disappears under the watch of the eldest child, Thomasin (Anya Taylor-Joy). The incident devastates the mother (Kate Dickie) and father (Ralph Ineson), who convince everyone it was a wolf that took Sam, but the tragedy trickles down to the four children, Thomasin, pre-teen Caleb (Harvey Scrimshaw) and young twins Jonas and Mercy. Of course, the audience is privy to what actually happened to Sam, and we know things will only get worse for the family.Considering the legitimate Puritan fear of Satan and witches, the subsequent events begin to tear into the family dynamics, which adds to the tension that already exists over what unnerving thing might happen next. The story could definitely have gone deeper into distrust and paranoia, but then it might have become too much of a "witch trial" movie.The way the movie ends will draw no shortage of opinions, but without a doubt, Eggers and cinematographer Jarin Blaschke have made an and utterly engrossing film that would be just as effective had it just been a period drama instead of a horror film  from a visual standpoint. Blaschke works almost exclusively with available natural light, which in addition to bolstering Eggers' emphasis on realism, keeps the specter of darkness and evil hanging over the family. In fact, had the film not marketed itself so overtly as a horror film, it might have been given more awards consideration. Regardless, Eggers delivers a remarkable feature debut that's a definite breakthrough candidate; he will certainly have a lot of eyes on his future projects. His focus on detail and strong cinematic instincts could work wonders on a more mainstream project, but if he opts for more small-budget genre films, no complaints here.~Steven CThanks for reading! Visit Movie Muse Reviews for more
9 This is one of the most disturbing films I've ever seen. It takes place in the time of the Salem Witch Trials. A Calvinist minister, his wife, and five children are forced out of the small town in which they live. They have few practical skills and are at the mercy of the wilderness. Thomasin, the beautiful daughter maintains her sanity through most of the film as the others fall apart. But there is something truly dark at work. Excellent film but not for most viewers.
8 To say I didn't get what I was expecting is a huge understatement, I was expecting a run of the mill horror, with all the usual cliches, obvious and blatant scares, etc, but instead I got to watch ninety minutes of rather subtle, intelligent and subtle horror. The film is hugely atmospheric, moody and tense, it is visually fantastic, with great scenery and costumes. The story unfolds cleverly, when I think of witches, this is what comes to mind, as opposed to the more conventional. As you watch you never quite know what's coming next, or who the malign force truly is. Some truly unsettling and disturbing scenes, it's not a horror in the conventional sense, the scares are not cheap, but very poignant. Very good performance from the cast, Ralph Inseson and Kate Dickie in particular. On occasion the dialogue sounded a little flat, but it was in keeping with the setting of the movie.Very watchable.
3 February 2015 Period pieces don't often serve as the backdrops for horror, which is actually a real shame. Consider The Witch, a story about a banished Puritan family trying to sustain itself on the edge of an ominous forest inhabited by a gruesome witch. The faithful representation of one of the most creepy time periods in American history makes all the difference here. The family's dealings with the supernatural terror in the woods push their spiritual and physical endurance to the breaking point. Robert Eggers pulls no punches and makes no apologies in this film. The Witch's scenes are steeped in primal dread, and each actor makes the audience feel the seams come apart as paranoia and mistrust begin to take their toll. While Game of Thrones alumni Ralph Ineson and Kate Dickie offer brilliantly raw performances as the family's mother and father, it's the film's younger actorsHarvey Scrimshaw and Anya Taylor-Joywho really shine. Scrimshaw captures the nuanced turmoil of being an adolescent male in a strictly religious family. As the oldest daughter who is blamed for the witch's malevolent deeds against the family, Anya Taylor-Joy shows a surprising amount of risk and range in her performance. The film swings for the fences on all fronts. The performances are explosive, the tension is gut-wrenching, and the settings are nightmarish. To the horror films of 2015, the gauntlet has officially been thrown down. Alex Springer
21 October 2015 I feel like I can't come up with the right words to describe this incredible movie, but I'll try. The lingering atmosphere is done incredibly well from the beginning, helped along by a combination of a tense score and the use of extended periods of silence. The acting is bang-on and you don't know when or how it is going to end. The movie doesn't have 'twists' exactly, but the way it is written keeps you guessing constantly. And I personally loved the ending. Though the potential is there to use a more standard approach, The Witch however opts to go down a more subtle avenue, leading to the true nature of religious persecution that is on full display here. Additionally, elements of the story have been taken from historical documents, adding another layer of grimness. The supernatural elements are obviously up for discussion, but that these tales were written centuries ago somehow adds more to this disturbing film.The film is set in 1630, in New England, America. A Puritan family is banished from town for their beliefs (or it at least seems this way, perhaps based on real events). They are forced to move to a farm that feels like it is on the edge of the world, as from the opening the woods that line the farm are presented in ominous fashion, almost creating a character that could serve as the scariest element of the film. What exactly goes on in there? Why can't the children venture inside? Suddenly, without warning, tragedy strikes. The family clings to their faith to prevent them from starving as their crops die; with nothing they can do to prevent it.The period is an appropriate choice given how humans treated each other centuries ago, and an ideal setting for a horror tale. Some conversations require a little more attention, as the characters speak in 'ye olde English' which takes a little getting used to, but it adds another layer of mystery as the family is struck by more inexplicable hardships, causing them to become wary of each other, which in turn leaves them in a increasingly vulnerable state. I can't say I is scared, but I do know that I is gripping the armrests pretty hard for most of the film. Hell, they manage to make a scene where a man is hunting a rabbit seem tense and creepy! Additionally, this is not for inattentive viewers; I could see clock-watching all around me. The incredible camera-work almost reminds me of Paul Thomas Anderson in There Will Be Blood, with many long takes, often slowly panning or zooming in. There is also a focus on facial close-ups reminiscent of Bergman, all of which is a feast to watch on an IMAX screen. The score matches this camera-work almost to perfection, while there is often a lengthy silence between dialogue to contrast the tense music. It also must be mentioned that the child actors really shine, out-doing their older counterparts.This really is my sort of horror film. No jump-scares, convincing acting and a focus on a dark, foreboding atmosphere rather than the grotesque and bloody. This is another of those films I would label as a psychological thriller, as the supernatural horrors are kept almost completely out of view as we witness the downfall of a family who are all affected, turning on each other as their faith is truly tested.This film couldn't have catered to my interests more; I can't recommend it to everybody, but if you go in with no preconceived notions you'll be in for a tasty, if not nasty surprise. The suspense is almost unparalleled among recent films, and the 'horror' genre conventions are cleverly subverted to deliver a film that is better than 'It Follows' while being a completely different film. In addition to all this, there is much to take in thematically if you are so inclined Hell, I'd love to see this again to do just that.www.epilepticmoondancer.net
9 "The Witch" charts a family of Calvinist dissenters in colonial America who are exiled from their community and homestead at the edge of an ominous forest. When the infant child of the family disappears inexplicably, a chain of increasingly bizarre events lead to claims of witchcraft and sorcery that implode the family.Based on the plot summary, much about "The Witch" seems fairly predictable, and that's because it is. Robert Eggers makes no bones about reality or superstition here; this is, as it is branded, a "New England folktale" through and through. It's also allegorical on some levels, and is about an English family's failure to conquer the vast American frontier. Regardless of how it is read, the film's surface plays out like classic accounts of witchcraft and superstition that pervaded Puritan Calvinism in the seventeenth century.What director Eggers does here is weave a taut and unsettling narrative through a series of meditative visuals and haunting encounters with evil--some have said not much happens in the film, and they're right--but is that the point of such a tale? The story is mediated through phenomenal performances that are the real emotional center of the film, while rare but fantastical occurrences with the supernatural jar the audience as much they do the family.Eggers' direction is remarkable, and the cinematography consistently captures the gloom of a New England winter; close-ups show the younger children engaging with their ominous farm goat, while pans of characters venturing into the woods create a legitimate sense of danger--and that is another of the film's prevailing themes. In the film, the threat of danger lurks in all matter, be it in the natural environment, in doctrine, or the horrifying corporeal locus where the two meet.Overall, "The Witch" is a surprising and moody entry in the horror genre for 2016; it is not only recalling classicism in its period setting and narrative, but also in its cinematic approach to storytelling. It is old-fashioned in just about every way, but is no less masterful at creeping into the skin as insidiously as evil does within the family. We feel their terror, their desperation, and their yearning for absolution; and that is what makes the film such an effective mood piece. 9/10.
10 March 2016 The Witch (2015) *** (out of 4) Extremely well-made horror film set in New England during the 1600s as a family moves away from a colony and starts a new life in a house on the edge of some woods. One day the oldest daughter Thomasin (Anya Taylor-Joy) is watching her baby brother when something from the woods takes the child. Soon the family is torn apart by witchcraft.Writer-director Robert Eggers' THE WITCH is the latest horror movie that is getting raves from critics and fans and it's also the newest movie to be called the "scariest of all time." I'm not going to sit here and say the movie scared me because it really didn't. With that said, THE WITCH really was a refreshing throwback to various European horror films from the late 60s and early 70s where atmosphere was the most important thing.I really respected that Eggers tried to deliver a religious horror film that didn't deal with cheap shock effects and needless over-the-top exorcisms. There's really not any graphic violence or gore either. Instead of going for these cheap jump scares the director instead builds up a terrific setting and slowly plays out the action. The film clocks in at just over 90 minutes and rest assure that every single second is well-made, effective and it slowly builds up to its conclusion. I'm sure mainstream teenage viewers won't enjoy such a slow build-up but adults should enjoy this.The atmosphere is certainly the selling point of the movie. I thought the director made you believe that you were watching something taking place in the 1600s and there's no question that the entire cast does a very good job in their parts. The atmosphere is certainly rich and thick and manages to set the film apart from most of the horror movies out there now. As I said, I wasn't scared by THE WITCH but it did a good job at slowly building up the drama and it plays out extremely well.
10 It all starts when William's interpretation of the New Testament leads him to being banished from the plantation where his family has moved to from England. Instead of the safety of being around others, now he and his brood have to live within the forest.One day, when the oldest daughter Thomasin is playing with the youngest, Samuel, the baby disappears, stolen by a witch and devoured. William insists that a wolf stole the child while his wife is decimated for the rest of the film. William's lies move the story further in motion - he takes Caleb hunting deep in the wood when he has promised his wife he would not and he sells her father's cup for hunting supplies. Meanwhile, Mercy and Jonas, the twin children of the family, insist that they speak to the goal named Black Phillip while contending with Thomasin that they are also witches.The next morning, son Caleb leaves to see if he can get food for his family, thereby keeping them from selling Thomasin into servitude. She goes along with him, but their dog chases a hare and their horse throws Thomasin as Caleb is lost in the woods, eventually being seduced by yet another witch.Soon, all Hell is literally breaking loose. Caleb returns, near death, and throws up an apple before his violent death. The twins forget how to pray and go into a trance. And the mother is convinced that Thomasin is behind it all.Up until this point, the film moves at an incredibly slow pace. Get ready. I don't want to spoil anything, but it gets more and more demented, paying off everything you've been waiting for.The first film for Robert Eggers, this shot in natural light film is something to behold. It seems much more confident than a first film would suggest. There is also a lot of attention paid to supernatural detail, such as the Enochian language used throughout for the witches.I've debated the end of this film so many times. Is it about Thomasin's escape from teen to full womanhood? Is it the sin of William's pride destroying his entire family? Is it about the fact that evil actually exists and that it may claim even the most pious? Or is the issue that William only sees the hellfire and brimstone of the Gospel when he should be preaching the literal Good News, the celebration of Christ conquering death? Would Thomasin desire to live deliciously if her life had not been so oppressive? Is it about the divide between mother and daughter? Is it a Satanic parable?
9 Do not believe your eyes or let's not be deceived. Also do not lose your faith. Or maybe you're just a realist and finally see what's really what. What may sound like crazy talk is just me trying to prepare you for this movie. Because this may have been promoted as a horror movie in many countries (and the filmmaker knew this could get him into trouble, but also that distributors like to put things in boxes to promote them), it's more a folk-tale as the full title is suggesting.The movie is open to be interpreted any way you like. And it is also open to be viewed, liked or hated in any way the viewer sees fit. It will annoy a lot of people, but it also will delight a lot of people. It's not horror as I already said, but it is frightening if you get into the mood of it and let the movie do its job. Otherwise you'll be bored and won't enjoy any of it - you can tell very early on which will be the case ...
6 ... because the amount of 10/10 is very confusing to me. The overuse of the term "Masterpiece" as well. It is not a bad movie, the hour and a half went by fast, the cinematography is beautiful and the acting is good, but I must say I was expecting more intensity in the characters or in the plot. Not necessarily "scary" things or jumpscares, which I hate, but simply more depth. The witch character was intriguing and I wish we had seen more of her. Overall I don't think I'll ever watch this movie again because I don't think there's more to be analyzed, I dont think the cinematography is fantastic enough to rewatch it either, I didn't get attached to the characters... In short, it is a good movie but doesn't quite deliver after seeing all these 10/10 reviews. I do have to say that the last movie I watched was Midsommar, which blew me away, so compared to it this movie is pretty bland.
7 It's 17th century New England. Thomasin (Anya Taylor-Joy) lives with her family on an isolated farm. The local village banishes them for religious disagreements. Her parents are strict and God fearing. Her younger brother Caleb has lustful thoughts about her. Her younger twin siblings Mercy and Jonas are obsessed with the family black goat Black Phillip. Thomasin is playing with baby Samuel when he suddenly disappears. A witch in the woods has kidnapped and killed him. The farm is failing and the father is forced to hunt. Thomasin jokes by scaring Mercy about being a witch which comes back to haunt her. Caleb goes into the woods to gather food. Thomasin insists on joining him but it goes badly. Thomasin falls off the horse and Caleb is found in a sickly state.The movie gets really interesting around the midpoint. The first half feels slow and muddled. I had to watch the first half again to get a hold of the entire story. It's a matter of clarity and flow. After Samuel disappears, the family should be out of their minds searching the woods. Instead, the movie skips ahead a few day to them in a depressed state surrendered to the baby's fate. It's missing the emotional and plot connective tissues. The second half is much more intense paying off some story aspects. The lead girl Anya Taylor-Joy is terrific. The brother and the father are also great. This is an intriguing psychological horror.
10 THE WITCH is, in a word, unsettling. Horror films don't normally have an effect on me, much less scare me, but this one was unnerving in a very palpable way. It's about a Puritan family who are banished from their village for an unspecified religious offense, and subsequently move to a location bordering a forest. While there, repeated misfortune and isolation create the perfect storm of religious paranoia over whether one or more of them are possessed by the devil. What THE WITCH masterfully does is to create this tense atmosphere and maintain it over nearly the entire length of the film. Whether it be odd/surreal imagery, slow and deliberate camera-work, or an eerie score reminiscent of Ligeti's "Atmospheres" (used in Kubrick's 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY), all of it is used to brilliant effect and should be capable of rattling even the most seasoned viewer, especially if they have a religious background/upbringing (as I did). In fact, I sensed a lot of Kubrick here; not just 2001, but also THE SHINING. Not surprisingly, they share some thematic elements. The performances were also pitch perfect and very believable for the characters the actors played and, although this might prove hard to get by for some, they speak in period-authentic language/accents. Ultimately, the film is rather ambiguous as to whether or not the events occur in the manner you see them, but that's the beauty of it: like religion itself, THE WITCH is open to interpretation. And as such, it establishes itself (in my opinion) as one of the best horror films of the last 10 years.
2 This film has already been branded "a horror film for cinephiles," which is a way for the so-called cinephiles to elevate themselves - in their own minds - to a status of mental superiority and diminishing those of us who, despite having an avid love for film, also have an aversion to the term.The Witch is nothing special. It's nothing enjoyable, nothing memorable, and nothing that's worth revisiting at any point in the future. What began as a promising movie missed the mark entirely. It's in the same vein as the 2020 film The Turning: it set up a concept that had potential, and completely blew it with the execution.This movie was so painfully boring that every passing minute felt like torture. This story could've been engaging and truly suspenseful but, by the time the movie decides to actually do something with itself, it's too late. An audience will lose investment in a film's plot and characters if nothing happens for an extended period of time, and this movie excelled at that, offering a story that, even in its non-horror-centric plot points, couldn't be even mildly entertaining enough to hold interest. This movie is best served as background noise, because ultimately it's not worth much else.To pick positives to point out about this film would be the beautiful cinematography, the decent acting and the costuming. It truly does look like a period piece, which would be extremely interesting were it not for the fact that the film is so bland and so unconcerned with keeping the attention of the audience that it's a chore to sit through. Catch this one if it's on TV, but it's not worth the price of admission to purchase or even rent.I can already feel the cinephiles preparing to descend upon this review and mark it "not helpful" for a conflicting opinion, which will only further showcase my point. This isn't some film for people of higher intelligence; it's a cure for insomnia and a lesson in the history of filmmaking failure.
9 This film is set in New England sometime in the 1630s. Following a religious disagreement a family; William, his wife Katherine, teenage daughter Thomasin, son Caleb and young twins Mercy and Jonas, leave the settlement and make a new home in a remote area. Katherine gives birth to another boy but one day the baby vanishes. Problems mount for the deeply religious family as they can't grow enough food and hunting is unsuccessful. As things get worse and worse William and Katherine start to suspect that Thomasin may be a witch! Is the devil really at work or are they gradually going mad?If you want lots of violence, gore, death and scary moments you are likely to be disappointed... however if you like psychological horrors with an increasing sense of paranoia and dread this should be just the thing for you. The remote setting creates a great atmosphere. For most of the film I wondered whether the characters fear would be proven real or ultimately exposed as a delusion brought on by stress and religious fervour. The use of period language added to the sense of realism even when things were getting strange. The small central cast in impressive; most obviously Anya Taylor-Joy, who plays Thomasin and Ralph Ineson and Kate Dickie who play William and Catherine respectively. Overall I'd certainly recommend this to fans of atmospheric horror that don't require constant excitement.
8 I found "The Witch" to be a generally unnerving film, and one which--though I would not place it in the pantheon of scariest flicks I've ever seen--had some moments that I'll not easily forget.The atmosphere Eggers creates alone is enough to wrench serious dread from scenes other directors would be otherwise unable to make even remarkable. The score, too, helps cull this dark tone and adds life to a film that can be borderline tedious.That being said, "The Witch" is not for everyone. It is strange, slow but steady, gruesome at points, and almost un-watchable at others. There are two sides to this film; one which I had hoped the director would stick to concerning the family and their struggle with religion and isolation; and another which plays as an undercurrent to most of the film and then takes charge in the end. Sadly, it is this second side which keeps me from giving the film a better score, and that ultimately hurts the film in the very final scene.Overall, I enjoyed "The Witch" and its originality. Eggers has achieved a film that, for all its low-budget and independent film background, feels richer and better made than many horror entries of late. Should you decide to see it, a word of caution: do not expect a fast-paced movie full of jump scares and creepy crawlies emerging left and right. As the opening credits remind the audience, this is a folktale. One that does not shy away from exploring the real dark places.
4 This is not a horror movie. It is a psychological drama of a family slowly questioning their belief in God and descending into madness. The 'witch' is a minor, minor backstory that increases the descent. There are only three scenes total that has a 'witch' in it.Acting is up to par, but you spend the movie waiting for the 'witch' thing to happen, thinking there will be a big finale. It does not happen. Had this movie advertised itself as a drama of a family trying to make it alone in the wilderness....I probably would have given it a higher rating(not much, but higher). Instead it is pointless dialogue and the reciting of scriptures and prayers(not exaggerating, that is almost 40% of the movie, with another 30% silently looking into or away from camera).The people who are giving this movie high ratings are the same ones that said Terence Malick's Tree of Life is a masterpiece. People who are concerned with plot, middle story, finale or explanation of what is going on will want to to get back two hours of their life.
7 When you leave the theater in stunned silence, I think the film did its job. The Witch is the next low budget horror film to reach the theaters this year, and it's easily the best. The film rarely ever relies on jump scares to get your head spinning as the core of this film's brilliance lies with its haunting imagery and eerie score. It's hard for an audience of this day and age to get into a period piece set in the 17th century without any big name actors or action elements. And I have to admit that I wasn't sure I wanted to see a film like this, especially with its horror elements. But my eyes were pealed from beginning to end. I wouldn't say anything about the story shocked me or had me confused, but the imagery, score, and uncompromising nature to Robert Egger's direction left me breathless. Within 10 minutes I was looking at the screen and whispering to myself "why would you go there?", "Don't do that!", or "come on, really?". Not because I thought it was poor story- telling, but because I was so invested as to what these characters were doing.With that said, I don't think this film is for everyone. It's brutal, harshly relentless, and utterly disturbing. The characters use all 17th century dialogue and the cinematography sets this grey and ominous tone. The imagery from beginning to end will stick in your head as it has done with me. But that's the way horror films should be. I wouldn't say it's more a psychological thriller because there are plenty of terrifying moments, but it is more for the 'Under the Skin' crowd than it is for people who love 'The Conjuring'. Even in its harsh moments, I was always invested and I can't deny the quality of the writing, directing, and acting all around. This is how you make a horror film.+Terrifying imagery+Egger's direction+Invested from beginning to end-Sometimes the dialogue is difficult to follow7.6/10
8 A God fearing family manages to end up banished from their village in 17th Century New England. They decide to set up cabin and ranch at the edge of a truly spooky forest. Their troubles are only beginning when their adorable newborn son Samuel disappears without a trace. And a lot of the blame is laid at the feet of the teen aged daughter, Thomasin (Anya Taylor-Joy).We never ever see very much of the title character in this effort by writer & director Robert Eggers. He chooses to parcel out his true horror rather carefully, instead focusing on creating a mood and atmosphere that is absolutely stifling. His film is somber, serious, and even depressing. It's definitely not for all tastes. It sets a tone in a sequence approximately eight minutes in, involving Samuel. This will cause "The Witch" to lose some viewers, for sure, but all I can say in Eggers' defense is that he spares us the goriest details.Eggers was inspired by a variety of folklore, fairy tales (I can certainly see a "Hansel & Gretel" influence), and records of settlers during this time in North American history. His *very* literate dialogue is often taken from these records. The dialogue and its delivery is therefore highly antiquated, so that's one other thing that some viewers might not care for. But it's refreshing that Eggers takes such a careful, measured approach to telling a tale that could be referred to as "slow burn" horror. The look for this picture is perfect; its drab visuals are very suitable to the story being told. But don't worry; there is some gore here and there.The performances are incredibly sincere and intense. Taylor-Joy has tremendous appeal in the lead role. Ralph Ineson and Kate Dickie are superb as the parents. Harvey Scrimshaw delivers a mature performance as the son Caleb. Bathsheba Garnett has such a creepy presence in her seconds of screen time as the true form of the Witch. And the goat Black Phillip manages to be quite the character too, especially towards the end.Overall, an interesting fable open to some interpretation, with many themes and questions of faith throughout.Eight out of 10.
8 This is a story set in the early colonial period of New England. It has the authenticity of a well-researched historical drama, up to and including dialogue delivered in a period accent and vocabulary (softened a bit so that it's easy to understand). Instead of drawing on historical events, though, it draws on historical folklore -- it's the story of witchcraft afflicting a family, such as might have been told at the time.The characters are a very believable, ordinary family, with the sorts of tensions and problems you'd expect from people living a hard and substantially isolated life after being exiled from the local colonial town. They also have period Calvinist attitudes, and the storytelling doesn't present an outsider's view of this or offer a modern commentary, but instead it just displays these attitudes and tells a story from the characters' standpoint.Their reliance on period folklore means that it doesn't strictly follow modern horror movie tropes, either. It has the slow build of a modern psychological horror/thriller as well as the standard formula where tragedies start from tragic flaws, but the traditions it's drawing on depend on a Calvinist's conception of flaws, and treat witchcraft as a horrible, well-understood occurrence rather than a shocking supernatural surprise. This story applies these perspectives.It's very well done in terms of writing, acting, and other aspects of execution, so it might have cross-over appeal to fans of horror, folklore, or straight period drama from colonial America.
8 This is what I call a good movie. But it is not for everyone. After seeing the trailer, lots of people thought they get a horror spectacle. I'll never understand why, because the trailer itself is very slow, just like the whole movie.The movies has a slow pace but its still intense. And it will only feel intense if you give in and not wait for action and speed. This movie is no Hollywood spectacle.The movie feels like a depiction of real life. No stupid jokes and exaggerated action scenes. Slow and calm dialogues. I liked the way the witch was enacted too. I am happy to see that she is not shown as a crazy woman jumping around eating toads.On the other side, I wished there would have been a deeper insight into the witches thoughts.So... go and see if you want more than silly Hollywood witches.
7 A family in 1630s New England is torn apart by the forces of witchcraft, black magic and possession.There are not many films about witches (as opposed to other horror villains). There are even fewer that are actually rather good. And also very few set in the time when witches were still very much believed to exist in the real world. This film is not only very good, but crafts an entire world -- a Salem-ish environment where it is not hysteria but reality.While there is not much that could be said bad about this film, there is one thing I would like to single out above all else fr praise. The sound design. Wow. The colors, the costumes, the acting and more are all good, but this film is very rich in sound in ways hat we very rarely hear. Not just in horror but anywhere, and it is a real shame that movies like this are not often noticed by the Academy.
8 The Witch is just a great horror film. I loved so much about it. It has a great creepy feel to it, a dark evil vibe mixed in, and a touch of urban legend sprinkled on top.The film takes place in such a secluded location that it instantly gives you a feeling of loneliness and dread before it even unfolds its beautifully constructed storyline. I loved the plot, the timing, the acting... basically everything about the film. It's also a brilliant display of female empowerment, which is common among horror films, but in a whole new way that's different from the standard last surviving girl motif.Whether you're a fan of horror, or just great films in general... I highly suggest The Witch to everyone.A very strong and deserving 8 out of 10!
7 I must have heard about this scary movie, based on Puritan folklore, during the time of its release, I knew it got positive feedback from critics, and I'm glad I got the opportunity to watch it on television, it was broadcast on Halloween night. Basically set in the 17th century (the 1630s), a New England family: William (Ralph Ineson), his wife Katherine (Kate Dickie), teenage daughter Thomasin (Morgan's Anya Taylor-Joy), young son Caleb (Harvey Scrimshaw), and twins Mercy (Ellie Grainger) and Jonas (Lucas Dawson), are banished from a Puritan plantation over a religious dispute. Near a large, secluded forest, the family build a farm, there Katherine gives birth to a son, Samuel (twins Axtun Henry and Athan Conrad Dube). One day, Thomasin is playing peekaboo with Samuel, during which the baby suddenly vanishes without trace. It is revealed that a red-cloaked Witch (Bathsheba Garnett) has stolen the unbaptized Samuel, that night she kills him and uses his blood and fat to make a flying ointment. A devastated Katherine spends the next few days crying and praying, while William insists it was a wolf that took the baby away. Katherine forbids the children from going into the forest, but William takes Caleb into the woods to lay a trap to catch an animal for food. Caleb asks his father if Samuel's soul will go to Heaven, William disciplines Caleb for asking this question and later reveals to his son that he traded Katherine's silver cup for hunting supplies. That night, Katherine questions Thomasin about the missing cup, and implies that Thomasin was responsible for Samuel's vanishing. After the children go to bed, they overhear their parents discussing sending Thomasin away to serve another family. Early the next morning, Thomasin finds Caleb preparing to check the trap in the forest, she threatens to wake up their parents unless she goes with him. While walking in the woods, they spot a rabbit near the trap, suddenly the horse Bert panics and the dog Fowler promptly chases the rabbit, Caleb runs after them, while Thomasin is thrown off the horse and knocked unconscious. Caleb gets lost in the woods and stumbles upon the dog's disembowelled corpse, going deeper into the wood he comes across a hovel, a beautiful young woman (Sarah Stephens) emerges from it and seduces him. William finds Thomasin and takes her home, Katherine is angry at Thomasin for taking Caleb into the woods, while William reluctantly admits that he sold Katherine's silver cup to save Thomasin. Caleb is found outside in the rain that night, naked and delirious from an unknown illness, when he wakes up next day, he vomits a bloody apple, Katherine believes this to be witchcraft, Caleb passionately proclaims his love to Christ before he dies. The twins then accuse Thomasin of witchcraft, their older sister had previously teased them pretending she is a witch, so she retaliates and tells the parents that the twins were having conversations with Black Phillip, the black goat. In rage, William puts both Thomasin and the twins inside the goat house, boarding it up, he plans to return to the plantation the next day. That night, the elderly and hideous witch enters naked into the stable and drinks milk from the goats, the twins and Thomasin are terrified. Katherine has a haunting vision Caleb holding Samuel, in it she takes the baby and breastfeeds him, this is fact a dream, it is a black raven pecking at her bare and bloody breast. William wakes up the next day to find the stable destroyed, the goat mutilated, the twins missing and an unconscious Thomasin with blood on her hands. As Thomasin wakes up, the black goat starts charging at William, impaling him with one of his horns. The commotion wakes Katherine, she is unhinged and blames Thomasin for all the recent tragedies that have beset the family and tries to strangle her, in self-defence Thomasin kills her with a billhook. Alone, Thomasin enters the stable and urges Black Phillip to speak to her, the goat appears to ask her if she would like to "live deliciously", then transforms into a tall dark man. The figure orders Thomasin to remove her clothes and to sign her name in a book that appears, she says she does not know how to sign her name so Black Phillip helps her to do so. Now naked, Thomasin follows Black Phillip, back in goat-form, into the forest, she sees a coven of witches holding a Witches' Sabbath around a bonfire. She joins the coven as they begin to levitate, laughing and convulsing, Thomasin goes catatonic, and ascends above the trees, disappearing into the darkness. Also starring Julian Richings as Governor and Daniel Chaudhry as the voice of Black Phillip. Taylor-Joy gives a terrific performance as the adolescent going through many emotions brought on by horrific incidents, Ineson often does TV voiceovers and is impressive as the put-upon father, and Dickie does well also. This is not necessarily a terrifying watch, there are no real jump scares, it is certainly tense, with some darkly strange moments, while the use of drab colouring, and the choral score by Mark Korven add to the atmosphere, and the themes of grief, suspicion and hysteria work well, it is a most interesting alternative kind of period supernatural horror. Very good!
8 "The Witch" suffers from a lot of deceiving promotion that made it look like our average cheap theatrics horror. It's actually a slow-burning, elegant dark fairytale dripping with a uniquely eerie, dreadful atmosphere and effectively brought to life by realistic characters. For his first feature film, director and writer Robert Eggers did extensive research on the 17th-century witchcraft folklore and puritan lifestyle. He went for a minimalistic approach, preferring realistic and crude staging over costume drama glamour and gothic cinema cliches. Everything is shot with natural lighting and little frills, yet each frame is haunting, poetically beautiful, blending perfectly with the supernatural elements. Visual effects and gore are kept minimal, yet there are a lot of genuinely disturbing moments. The approach and taste are modern, yet the style, pacing, and aesthetics somehow remind of classic cinema a la Bergman and Herzog.The plot is simple and predictable: an outcast puritan family sets up a farm near the woods where a coven of witches lives. Needless to say, the witches cannot wait to get their hands on the children. You kind of know what is going to happen while you watch, and there is no mystery to solve. Everything is clear from the beginning, but what matters here is how the film manages to create a particular atmosphere and empathy for the characters through tasteful visual storytelling. The relationships between the six family members, the way superstition and faith in God manage to pull all the strings even before the witches actually come into play. You can't help feeling bad for all of them. The acting is good and natural, bringing out the dramatic tone of the dialogues without cheapening the lines. Subtitles or earphones are highly recommended for non-native speakers as it's easy to miss many nuances.The film starts a bit too slow and verbose indeed, but the pacing gets a little better in the second half. Still, it will not give you what you want if you are looking for an entertaining film full of special effects, action and gore. Go for it only if you are into psychological and contemplative cinema. It lacks that unconventional, groundbreaking thing that a true masterpiece needs, but it's definitely one of the most elegant horror films out there, and a great directorial debut for Robert Eggers.
7 This is a fairly simple tale and told quite simply. I was actually expecting a bit more flair; a bit more to sink my teeth and thoughts into but that really doesn't materialize. There is an elegance in the simplicity of the tale however and in that simple elegance it does find its place. This is much more of an insidious, psychological thriller rather than any sort of in your face horror film. Set in the time of Puritans in New England we initially see a man William being banished from a village because their religious beliefs aren't, for lack of a better word, puritanical enough. His family and him find a place to build a farm and build a life worshiping God the way they see fit. The family is William, the Father, Katherine, the Mother and five children the oldest of which is Thomasin, played by Anya Taylor-Joy. Thomasin is our defacto protagonist and most of the action is framed through her perspective. Taylor-Joy in her first major role really captivates when she is on the screen and is the true revelation of the picture. When the youngest child goes missing things at the household steadily start to unravel. Are there evil entities in the woods that would do them harm? Is Thomasin the real threat? Soon the whole family is turning on one another as secrets reveal themselves, and through it all a paranormal threat looms. We as the audience are treated to snippets of this supernatural threat. It did strike me how dark this movie was and by that I don't mean dark in theme, although it is that. I mean it is physically dark. I attempted to watch this during the day and it was challenging to discern everything that was going on. This really needs to be watched in a very dark space. Everything leads to a rather shocking and violent end which leaves you reeling a bit. For such a small intimate movie it does pack a good punch with what little it does, but also along those lines I wish it would've done more and went farther.Eric's Grade: B-
10 I was not prepared for how much this new version of "West Side Story" would affect me.I've seen the original Robert Wise version a billion times, and I've seen the musical performed on stage as well. In both, I thought the Maria/Tony storyline was actually pretty boring, mostly because they're boring characters. They're just there to anchor the more colorful story that takes place around them, with the gang rivalry between the Sharks and the Jets giving the show all of its best songs and dances. So the biggest surprise to me with this new version is how vested I felt in what happened to Maria and Tony, and how much I wanted to see them be together even while knowing they wouldn't be. Rachel Zegler and Ansel Elgort have off the charts chemistry together, and their version of "Tonight" was so thrilling it was like hearing the song for the first time.The original version of "West Side Story" was an imbalanced affair, with Rita Moreno and George Chakiris stealing the show out from everyone around them. Ariana DeBose doesn't exactly steal the show, but man does she admirably fill the daunting shoes left behind by Moreno. But this version's biggest revelation is Mike Faist in the role of Riff. Anita is such a dynamic part that it's easy to shine in it, but Faist finds depths in the character of Riff that I never would have guessed were there based on any previous incarnation of the material.I wasn't sure how an antiquated musical set in the 1950s about gang members who dance rather than shoot each other could possibly feel anything other than dated in today's world, but this movie has a right place/right time feel to it. Themes of gentrification, racial hatred, gun violence, and a generation of kids being raised by crappy parents pretty much still applies as much to the world we live in now as it did the world of the 1950s.This is a soaring, gorgeous, cinematic updating of a well worn property that manages to stay very faithful to its roots while justifying its being remade.Grade: A+
6 Some classics just can't be remade. Attempts at re-creating On the Waterfront, Gone with the Wind, Lawrence of Arabia would be acts of futility trading on the ghosts past. Such is the case with the remake of West Side Story. Flexing his power and pride director Steven Spielberg with the song book at his side flails away at making bigger better with a grimier edge but with little new to add.Avoiding comparison is impossible and Spielberg botches matters from the opening scene that linger until he takes it to the streets in a rousing presentation of "America." The remake then makes a mess of the dance scene Maria Tony hook-up by retreating behind the stands followed-up by a train wreck performance of Officer Krupke. By the time Rita Moreno becomes an odd choice to croak out "Somewhere," it's apparent this version for the new generation short changes.The actors to their credit do their own singing and Rachel Zegler as Maria is outstanding with Ariana DeBose's Anita earning acting honors but the rest of the cast simply lacks the charisma that Chakiris, Moreno and Tamblyn supplied in the original.The production value is naturally top notch but the choreography no better and while lengthier by ony 3 minutes it seems far longer as Spielberg adds copious amounts of Spanish and an extra tune to the proceedings with some half baked social consciousness that flattens the rhythm of the film, zapping energy. West Side Story "21" is not without its stirring moments but at the end of the day remains a glossy study in redundancy.
8 Greetings again from the darkness. My 'old school' nature causes me to cringe at the thought of classic films being remade. Why mess with something that's already beloved? However, since we know this happens (and will continue to happen), let's at least breathe a sigh of relief that a true lover of cinema and one of our legendary filmmakers, Steven Spielberg, is responsible for this one. Teaming once again with screenwriter Tony Kushner (MUNICH, LINCOLN), the love and admiration of the 1957 stage production, its music, and the 1961 film (by Robert Wise) shine through in this beautiful presentation. It's Spielberg's 35th movie, yet it's his first musical. You will note a few changes from the stage production and 60 year old movie, but the timing of a couple of songs, more realistic brawling, and additional on-location scenes all blend seamlessly into this lovely version.Kushner's adaption of Arthur Laurents' original work contributes to the contemporary, yet nostalgic feeling. It maintains the "Romeo and Juliet" story of star-crossed lovers at the core of a turf battle between the Sharks (Puerto Ricans) and Jets (white immigrants), which is driven by a prejudice stirring the hatred that leads to conflict. Sound familiar? It could be taken from the local news headlines just about any day over the past few years. What also hasn't changed is that the Sharks and Jets are so blinded by hate and pride that they can't see how much they have in common, with the same loss looming. In fact, the point is driven home in the film's opening. Cinematographer and two-time Oscar winner Janusz Kaminski (SCHINDLER'S LIST, SAVING PRIVATE RYAN) has his camera soaring and swooping to show us the neighborhood and ongoing demolition before zeroing in on a sign "Property Purchased by New York City for Slum Clearance". It comes in like a wrecking ball (literally). The two factions are fighting over turf that will soon be transitioned to Lincoln Center and high dollar real estate.Ansel Elgort stars as Tony, the former leader of the Jets attempting to find a new path for his life after spending a year in prison for nearly killing an Egyptian immigrant in a rumble. Rachel Zegler, in a remarkable silver screen debut, stars as Maria, a bright-eyed Puerto Rican who sees the upside to limitless opportunity. Early on, we get our first conflict between the rival gangs, which introduces us to Riff (a terrific Mike Faist) as the quick-tempered Jets leader so desperate to protect the neighborhood, and Bernardo (a dynamic David Alvarez), Maria's older brother and proud leader of the Sharks - whose goal is to carve out a place in the new land as equal citizens. That first brawl gives Spielberg a chance to show off the choreography, as well as the new approach to fight scenes, which are less balletic and more bone-crunching. It's also the first run-in with local cops, Officer Krupke (Brian d'arcy James) and Lt. Schrank (Corey Stoll), neither of whom have much empathy or respect for the two gangs.Tony (Ansel Elgort has a physical resemblance to Richard Beymer from the original film) and Maria get their 'eyes lock across the gymnasium during the dance' moment that really lights the candle for the big rumble. Of course, this is one of the most famous musicals of all-time, and the songs have become iconic. Elgort is handsome and has a smooth singing voice, but it's Ms. Zegler whose voice transcends and sounds heaven sent. If there is a negative, it's that no one will be able to sing along with her, as she hits notes most can only dream of. Listening to her sing is reward enough. Beyond the singing, it's the dance choreography that most recall, and although eclipsing what we saw in the original movie is beyond reach, the work of this cast will not likely disappoint anyone. The dance numbers are exhilarating and colorful. It's energized entertainment with a message.Ariana DeBose is outstanding as Anita, and takes the lead on "America", one of the most inspiring and fun musical numbers ever on screen. In addition to her singing and dancing, Ms. DeBose delivers a superb performance in the role that won an historic Oscar for Rita Moreno in the 1961 film. Sixty years later, the now 89 year old Ms. Moreno appears as Valentina, the widow of Doc. She now runs Doc's Drug Store and is acting as surrogate mother to Tony. It's certainly no cameo, and though Ms. Moreno doesn't have a dance number, she does get to sing "Somewhere", and this time is on the heroic end of the rape scene. She is the connective fiber to the original film and delivers a heart-warming performance, and is a strong presence where needed.Other key supporting roles are Chino, Maria's would-be suitor, played by Josh Andres Rivera, and 'Anybodys', played by Iris Menas in a non-binary rather than tomboyish portrayal of the one skulking in the shadows. It's no surprise that Riff and Bernardo and Anita are the heftiest roles, and all three actors nail their parts. The big (and pleasant) surprises are newcomer and future star Rachel Zegler and the return of Ms. Moreno. Zegler sings "I Feel Pretty" while working the cleaning crew at Gimbel's, and her divine sweetness gets blown away in the finale, exhibiting an acting range that complements that voice.The always stunning score from composer Leonard Bernstein sounds amazing as performed by the New York Philharmonic, and much of original choreographer Jerome Robbins' work is reproduced here. It's unfortunate that renowned lyricist Stephen Sondheim passed away mere days before the premiere, but his work lives on through new voices. "Tonight" and "Cool" both receive fresh treatments and are standouts in this version. The 1961 film won 10 Oscars, including Best Picture, and there is little doubt this remake will receive consideration in numerous categories, including Production Design and Costume Design. Spielberg opted to go with a more ethnically appropriate cast (no Natalie Wood-type in heavy make-up), and there is some Spanish dialogue without subtitles (the acting and situation keep us clear). It's a nostalgic, yet contemporary version that may not have you singing, "Krup You!", but will have you in awe with the story, dancing, music, acting, and story.Opening in theaters on December 10, 2021.
8 Not having seen the stage production of "West Side story" or its first film version, which I understand is regarded as a classic, I really don't have a point of comparison for this new film version of the long-running musical theatre staple. Of course, with the US being so effective at exporting its pop culture around the world, I was aware of songs and scenes from the original Hollywood film, which had positive associations for me, even though I live in Australia.The story was inspired by a much earlier tale, which I won't mention here because...spoilers. In any case, the second film version (presumably...at least as far as US film versions go) of this story is set in a slum in New York in the 1950s (the "West Side" of the title). The setting is very nicely established, with an opening shot of some partially destroyed buildings which a sign states are being demolished to make way for the gentrification of the area. The flats in the high-rise buildings nearby have a suitably "slummy" look without the aesthetic being overdone. From out of this no man's land emerges what turns out be a gang of Anglo background, known as "The Jets". You can tell that they they are bad because they soon terrorise the neighbourhood with dancing and singing, with no one daring to stop them. It has to be said, at this point, the realisation of a musical in the modern era hasn't lost my interest. Fit young blokes dancing and singing and clicking their fingers in time in the streets of a big city doesn't seem all that ridiculous now.We soon learn that The Jets have a rival group which they want to remove from 'their turf', a gang known as "The Sharks", which are of Puerto Rican ethnicity. The basis of The Jets' animosity to The Sharks is basically an issue of race (and that is also the basis of the police department's animosity towards The Sharks as well). The Sharks do not 'belong' in the US and they should 'go back to where they came from'. The first encounter we see between these two rival gangs is a violent one and it's pretty clear that things will escalate from here between them.If you're thinking that nothing thrown into this tinderbox could make it any more flammable, well...enter Tony (played by Ansel Elgort) and Maria (Rachel Zegler). Tony is the co-founder of The Jets but after a stint in prison for a shocking beating he gave to an Eyptian man, he is trying to be a better person, now holding down a steady job and no longer involved in his gang's activities. Maria is the sister of Bernardo (David Alvarez), a man who is trying to fight his way out of the slum (literally). Bernardo has a chip on his shoulder about the Anglos, who make life difficult for his community. He plays the father-figure at the flat that he shares with his girlfriend and Maria. The prospect of Maria dating a "gringo" is unacceptable to him, as we later find out when...Tony and Maria meet at a dance event and...instantly fall in love. He is also the leader of The Sharks.That moment when Tony and Maria fall in love at first sight is very sweetly done. Maria, as played by Zegler, seems like an old-fashioned Disney princess at first, being very timid but then being quite forward...perhaps like a (modern day?) Disney princess? (Since I'm not well-versed in Disney films about princesses, I'll have to defer to the judgement of people more informed than me on this subject.) The lyric from the song "Hurts so good" by John Cougar comes to mind about her: "you ain't as green as you are young". Zegler/Maria is very attractive in a winsome way. Director Steven Spielberg has really captured a winning performance from her. It occurred to me after writing down my initial thoughts on this film that Zegler would be a worthy nominee for "Best actress" at awards time. Even though I haven't really seen any 'quality' films this year, I think I know a quality performance when I see one and I don't think that a best actress award for her would be undeserved.If you think that Maria couldn't be any more adorable, well, you should hear her sing. She has a lovely voice, in my view. To me, she's the standout voice of the musical. Elgort tends towards falsetto at times. On the subject of the music, I'd say that I'm pretty sure that if you just wanted to listen to the musical on CD or whatever, then there would be better versions of that from previous productions of this story, whether on stage or screen. By that I mean perhaps the music elsewhere is bolder, brassier or arranged more pleasingly (to my ears, at least) and that would apply to the vocal performances as well. However, since I haven't heard other versions, I can't recommend one for you.It also later occurred to me how similar Tony and Bernardo are (which I've retrospectively alluded to in my earlier comments about how both of them plan to get out of the slum). Another point of comparison with Bernardo would be The Jets' new leader, "Riff" (Mike Faist). They both mirror each other as far as attitudes to "the other" goes.In any case, just when Tony thought he was out, Riff pulls him back in again, as far as gang activities go.I liked this film and had moments of recognition with it, with regards to clicking fingers and many songs. One event which did jar with me was how Maria reacted to Tony when she heard some fateful news about him. It just didn't ring true to me. Maybe with a greater passage of time it could have worked. Later, when the police officer goes over the whole timeline, the short duration was a shock too.The film was on track for a score of 80% from me but since the drama near the end of the film elicited emotion from me, I added another 5% to my score to reflect that.Random notes:* Is the ending different to previous versions of this story? If it is, you can either read it as a return to sanity as far as character motivation goes or as a Steven Spielberg tendency.* There is some realism to the violence, so not suitable for very young children, I don't think.* I couldn't quite tell if there was some strong swearing at times or if it was toned down.* Curios: 5c for a Milky Way, $15 for a fashionable store scarf, I think.
9 This is an incredible retelling of a classic story based on the hit 1957 musical. The film starts off a bit down beat with the color palette. It really brightens up and vibrates with incredible musical numbers especially the wonderful America number. Ariana DeBose steals every scene she is in as Anita the fiery young woman with curves and personality. Her America number was a sight to behold. Really colorful flinging her dress around, she had a really strong screen presence. It was a beautiful performance. I think she is the hot favorite for best supporting actress at the Oscars. Rachel Zegler was also great as young Maria. The whole supporting cast also did a great job. Steven Spielberg did an amazing job with the musical numbers and his vision for the musical was terrific. The cinematography was gorgeous. I have to mention Rita Moreno in a role as the owner of the candy shop. She was also amazing and was given a great scene to sing near the end of the film. I thought the choreography in this film was amazing and the whole thing really popped off the big screen. This was an amazing experience I had in theatre watching this film. I highly recommend it.
9 Friends I trust told me the new version of WSS was great. I'm glad I listened to them! I love the 1961 movie, and worried about the remake falling short. My fear was unfounded. The '61 movie represents the late 50's: clean, well scrubbed, shining faces - glamorous lead actors and actresses. The 2021 movie is a movie for today - with gang actors who really looked like a gang. Maria and Tony are perfect - innocent and madly in love - they looked like they were really in love. Natalie Wood and Richard Beymer looked like they were acting like they were in love (well, they were.). The casting in the new version surpassed the original in almost every instance. And, the actors and actresses actually did their own singing.While I love '61's "America" on the rooftop the street version was better. The choreography, while similar to the original was more crisp and just felt more "authentic." Rita Moreno was great in both movies (she still can sing), but Ariana DeBose blew it away as Anita. If she does not win an Academy Award there is definitely something wrong (well of course we already know that!)The only song I liked better in the original was "Office Krupke."And kudos to Spielberg for 1. Casting Latinos in their roles; 2. For NOT casting politically correct but not ethnically correct actors and actresses in the movie; and 3. For not lacing the dialogue with the "F word" as the only adjective used in the movie.In conclusion, the 1961 version is great, the 2021 version superb!!!!!
9 I am, and always has been, a huge fan of the original Westside Story. I was only 11 years old when I first saw it, and it stayed with me through all these years. So, I wondered how, and why, Steven Spielberg would possibly want to make this movie again. I expected it to be a poor carbon copy of the first. But, I was very pleasantly surprised. There are a few changes to the way the story is told, and a part was added that was designed especially for Rita Morena.In one way it is superior to the original. The parts of Maria and Toni are much better played by these new actors than they were by Natalie Wood and Richard Beymer. I never felt the spark between the two of them in the original. And, the singing of the two was pretty poor. The singing in this remake is far superior to the singing in the original. And, I really liked that about it. And, Tony and Marie are much better portrayed in this version. But, I don't see the spark in the relationship of Bernardo and Anita here. And, that weakens the story.I like the addition of the part that Rita Moreno has and I thought it was a very nice nod to the original. But, I did miss the character of Doc, the voice of reason in the '61 version.A biggest flaw is the scene between Maria and Anita after the death of Bernardo. The new Anita didn't seem to be anywhere near as touched and bereaved as Maria Moreno was in the original. In the original I believed that Anita was wounded to her very soul. In this version I didn't see that at all.I sorely missed George Chakiris! His Bernardo was wonderful, as was Russ Tamblyn as Riff, though the two new actors did a terrific job.Definitely worth seeing and enjoying this new version, but I'll never stop loving the 1961 version.
9 West Side Story was a great musical, the story was believable, a tad predictable, I feel like I've seen this before, but it's all still great.The two leads are incredible, it's just like Romeo and Juliet, Elgort is the standout of the two, he is amazing.The entire cast is incredible, the dance and fights are so greatly choreographed.But this film is also a real tear-jerker, it touches on real adult themes in such a good way.The ending had me on the verge of tears.The only negative is the runtime, 2 hrs and 36 mins.Loved it.
8 "West side story" (2021, Steven Spielberg) is an ambitious project. It is a remake of one of the most classic films by one of the most renowned directors.The first reviews I read came to a radical different evaluation. Most of them positive, applauding the fact that Latino characters were this time played by Latino actors. On the other hand there was also a review stating that the remake was too close to the 1961 original from Robert Wise. The remake of the Broadway musical by Ivo ten Hove in 2020 was more innovative. With respect to the casting of Latino actors this review states that acting is about being someone else and not about being yourself.After seeing the film I think the truth is somewhere in the middle. The 2021 remake is not a radical break with the original indeed, but there are some more subtle refinements that justify this remake without any doubt.In the first place the cinematography is very beautiful and perfectly in sync with the choreography. At the beginning of the film the camera slowly zooms in on the neighborhood, just like in "Dead end" (1937, William Wyler). Secondly the characters of Tony, Maria and Chino are provided with background information that makes them more comprehenisble. More important still is that the conflict between the Jets and the Sharks is situated in the context of urban renewal, that threatens their territory.The most important change in my opinion is substituting the character of Doc (1961 version) for that of Valentina (2021 version). Valentina is played by Rita Moreno, who was Anita in the 1961 version. At first Moreno said to Spielburg that she did not do cameo's. The character of Valentina however is anything but a cameo. At the end of the film she sings "Somewhere", indicating that the problems of her youth (she also had a mixed marriage) are unfortunately still topical.Of course there are also some flaws. The most significant for me was the order of the songs. The 1961 filmversion made some alterations to this order relative to the Broadway musical. The songs "Gee, officer Krupke" and "I feel pretty" were removed from after the rumble to before the rumble, the reason being that after the rumble the mood of the story is no longer suitable for these somewaht frolic songs. The 2021 filmversion puts "I feel pretty" back on its original place. Very wrongly so.
9 All personnel in the Hollywood world take a seat as Mr. Steven Spielberg will show all of you how you properly make a remake and a modern musical. This is truly one of his most impressive outputs in his already monumentally legendary career. Pure direction, understanding the source material, and fleshing out the screenplay beyond its capabilities. Spielberg once again shows me why he will always be the greatest film director of all time and one of the greatest storytellers in history up there with Shakespeare and Disney. The sheer masterful style, subtlety, substance, gravitas, choreography, cinematography, music, lighting, acting, beautiful storytelling, a romance that is always convincing makes this perhaps my favorite film of the year. I love this film, and I want to watch it again and again when it's available on Vudu. An what makes this even more incredible, is I'm not a huge fan of musicals. But this is the perfect way to execute a musical in a way that I can get engaged when others simply could not do it. I can go on and on and on about this movie. But I will just let you experience this pleasure for yourself. Well done Spielberg...again!
10 Gorgeous movie! That opening shot was amazing! As were the costumes, the props, and the settings! I can't get over how great this movie was! Four days later, and I'm still humming the tunes! Bravo!
10 It takes a special kind of nerve, or unmitigated gall, to try and put a new spin on a much-beloved film classic of any kind, especially when it's the Broadway musical WEST SIDE STORY that, in its original 1961 cinematic incarnation, won a record-setting ten Academy Awards, including Best Picture But of course that's the kind of nerve, or more specifically that of a riverboat gambler, that the ultra-legendary Steven Spielberg had when he decided to rework, or more accurately re-imagine, both the musical and the film version in 2021. And in every sense of the word, while it was never his intention to top what was done on Broadway in 1957 or for the big screen in 1961, he has nevertheless made a WEST SIDE STORY with a particular vision and a particular poignancy that perhaps only he, out of all the directors alive today, could possibly muster.With the screenplay adaptation by Tony Kushner taking it back to the original Arthur Laurents book (and with a fair amount of un-subtitled Spanish dialogue to boot), this WEST SIDE STORY maintains the "Romeo And Juliet"-inspired outline, and the setting in the New York City of 1957. Here, however, the famed and fierce rivalry between the Jets (all Anglos) and the Sharks (all Puerto Ricans) is set against the factual demolition of their part of Manhattan, namely Lincoln Square and San Juan Hill, to build the Lincoln Center. Tony (Ansel Elgort), a former member of the Jets, now works at the drugstore operated by a wise Puerto Rican woman named Valentina (Rita Moreno, who won her Academy Award for portraying Anita in the 1961 original), after having served a year in jail for nearly beating an Egyptian Kings gang member to death. When his old friend Riff (Mike Faist) shows up, feeling him out for a possible rumble with the Sharks, he is unsettled by his friend's newfound xenophobia towards Puerto Ricans. Elgort cannot have any overt contact with his old gang, lest he break his parole; but when Faist invites him to a dance at the nearby school gym where the Sharks are also going to be, he reluctantly goes along, all the time wary of what this might mean for him.In the meantime, Bernardo (David Alvarez), the leader of the sharks and an up-and-coming boxer, is taking his girlfriend Anita (Ariana DeBose), his younger sister Maria (Rachel Zegler), and Chino (Josh Andres Rivera), the man Alvarez intends to be Zegler's suitor, to that same dance. The intention is to try and bring the two sides together in a dance-off without any violence, but it almost does come to that, until DuBose motions to the bandleader to break into the famously volcanic Mambo. But unbeknownst to everybody else, Elgort, who has been standing on the periphery of the dance floor, has suddenly caught the eye of Zegler, and vice-versa. The two of them sneak out behind the bleachers, and the poignant "Romeo And Juliet" tryst between the two begins. In the inexplicable way that love has been known to operate throughout eternity, Elgort and Zegler know and acknowledge how ethnically different they both are, and yet they find common cause. The sad tragedy, of course, is that neither the Sharks nor the Jets seem to "get' what Elgort and Zegler see in the other.There are a number of reasons why Spielberg ventured into the musical genre for the first, and maybe only, time in his career by re-imagining WEST SIDE STORY. One is that he identified with the Latinx community (in this case New York's Puerto Rican community) out of experience of his having felt "Otherized" in his youth because he was a Jewish kid growing up in predominately WASP neighborhoods. Another one, and on a more purely emotional level, is that he wanted to explore how two people from two totally different backgrounds, neither of whom are quite sure how they're supposed to fit in, manage to fall in love. All of this, as was the case on the Broadway stage in 1957 and the big screen in 1961, is set to the great music of Leonard Bernstein, the brilliant lyricism of Stephen Sondheim, and Justin Peck's re-imagining of Jerome Robbins' original choreography.A lot of attention has rightly been paid to the contributions of Faist, Alvarez, and DeBose (the latter stepping into Moreno's original role); but as this is also at its heart a romantic tragedy, the contributions of the two leads must also be taken into account. Elgort has come in for a lot of fairly vicious attacks for his portrayal of Tony, but I feel they are grossly unjust, because his Tony (unlike that of Richard Beymer in the 1961 film) has a past that he isn't exactly proud of, and he is trying to make a better future for himself with Moreno's support. Elgort conveys that situation of his in exceptionally honest fashion in the scene at the Cloisters with Zegler, where he tries to reassure her that he can somehow stop the impending rumble between the Jets and the Sharks from taking place. It also makes it easier for Zegler to understand that the chain of violence that leads to this story's catastrophic ending was not Elgort's doing, but the end result of the blind hatred that both the Jets and the Sharks had had towards one another long before she herself even came to New York from Puerto Rico.And when it comes to Zegler--well, she has the Herculean task of going from having been a YouTube sensation to being in her first-ever movie here; stepping into a role made famous on Broadway by Carol Lawrence in 1957, and on the big screen by Natalie Wood in 1961; and doing so under the direction of Hollywood's greatest living filmmaker. In what has to rank among the biggest surprises in all of Hollywood history, she absolutely nails the role of Maria, both in her singing (which is absolutely gorgeous) and her acting, which is oftentimes painfully honest in a way that I can't recall ever seeing in any first-time performance. It is a performance for the ages, and not just for 2021-22.Despite what the so-called "anti-Woke Culture" critics on the Far Right might want everybody to believe about this film, Spielberg's take on WEST SIDE STORY is yet one more masterpiece from this great filmmaker from start to finish. From making the musical and dance sequences explode with color to the poignant romantic drama between Elgort and Zegler, this is more than worthy of a '10' rating.
9 Wow, I am very pleasantly surprised and happy with how this turned out. It's not often you see a remake live up to the original but I say Steven Spielberg did a great job with this one.This was an extremely well done film right down to cinematography, music, choreography, and of course incredible talent from everyone in the cast. Although I feel the standout star here is Ariana DeBose in the role of Anita. Not only did she match up with her original characters counterpart but at times exceeded her. Her performance was phenomenal, and I was informed by my friend who I watched this film with that she was nominated for best supporting actress by the Golden Globes. I hope she wins, because she is deserving.Now for the age old question "does it surpass the original?" To that I'd say yes and no. There are definitely moments that surpass the original, moments that match up with the original, and others where doesn't do as good as the original.I'm happy to have viewed this in IMAX, though it doesn't take full advantage of the IMAX screen because this film was not shot in IMAX, it still makes great use of the bigger screen.I do have some criticisms as to the certain changes Spielberg made from the original but I will not say due to spoilers. One thing I did feel lacking, and this is a personal thing is that this depiction of West Side Story lacked the magic of live theater that I feel the original conveyed very well. Irregardless Spielberg did a great job at taking a classic Broadway play, and portraying it on the big screen.9/10.
10 Not much to say. I went in with high expectations and left with them being surpassed. The cast, the directing, the cinematography, and the character development are all outstanding.Haven't seen Spider-Man nor The Matrix yet, but along with Dune this is one of the crme du la crme of movies this year.
9 This movie is really really well made. A little long, but for all the production value that went into it, it's completely worth it. A message that is just as relevant as today. All the acting, dancing, costumes, and overall production value are all absolutely top notch.
9 I have not seen the original West Side Story, but I had a blast with this remake. April burg is still one of the best directors working today and this movie proves that with nearly every shot. The acting and dancing is out of this world and the story kept me invested like the whole time. Really great stuff.
9 The chills, they're multiplying, and I'm losing contro-o-ol.Many, many times in this epic homage to Sondheim and Bernstein and Robbins' and Wise's inarguable classic the tears filled my eyes, and not even at the sad numbers. Because this interpretation was so modest, so reverential and yet added a layer of beauty that only modern cinematography can achieve.I just couldn't cope.Spielberg could have Jurassic Parked this to death but he chose, instead, to stay true to Jerome Robbins' vision but to cast the Sharks fully hispanic and to use unsubtitled Spanish dialogue throughout. It mattered not if you speak Spanish because enough English is thrown into the mix, and enough acting skill is on show, that the storytelling point in each scene is made at each and every turn.The overture takes the breath away and sets the scene for what I knew was going to be triumphant, epic, beautiful, sentimental and just bloody brilliant.The key to the entire movie is that the orchestral arrangements seem (to me) entirely faithful to Bernstien's original, even though they were recorded specifically for the new version.Another, great aspect of this version is that Spielberg's storytelling, aided by crystal clear diction very easy to follow and adds depth to the story.The production design is also breathtaking. Right from the opening pan down a wrecking ball chain into a half ruined Upper West Side (making way for the gentrified Lincoln Centre. I wonder if Spielberg was having a go at gentrification by this reference?)Justin Peck's choreography often borrows from Jerome Robbins' signature style - all finger clicks and half cartwheels. The Gee, Officer Krupsky scene is particularly memorable but the highlight is The Dance at The Gym (Mambo), an exhilarating swoosh of colour: the Jets in greens, The Sharks in browns and golds: subtle but stunning. The scene where Tony sets eyes on Maria is breathtaking as Spielberg prowls through the chorus with dancers flashing in front of the two (Janusz Kaminski, Spielberg's go to guy, is surely in with a chance of his third Oscar after Saving Private Ryan and Schindler's List). It's far more subtle than the original and the better for it, I'd say.I think there were doubters about the casting of Ansel Elgort (so magical in Baby Driver) as Tony and Maria is a newcomer (Rachel Zegler) but Elgort is mouthwatering and Zegler simply beautiful, transfixing at times, they make a lovely and totally believable couple regardless of height and age difference.Put it this way, they can both hold a tune (Elgort remarkably so given that so much of Tony's tunes are high tenor verging at times on falsetto). Neither puts a foot wrong throughout.If there are criticisms they would be that Riff doesn't quite cut the mustard, too fey for my liking, Rita Moreno is a charming addition to the cast (and a nod to the original in which she played Anita) but, you know, just seemed like a sentimental choice in the casting, although she Executive Produced so maybe that was a contract clause. Her solo of Somewhere is lovely, but a bit on the thin side, but I wasn't entirely convinced.The gang 'wars' are given a real heightened sense of jeopardy by Spielberg and the Rumble, in particular, really adds another dimension, it's electrifying and white knuckle throughout led by the excellent Bernardo (David Alvarez). Anita (Ariana deBose) is equally compelling in her performance.Other real stand outs are America - so theatrical, so La La Land and A Boy Like That with Maria and Anita.The other aspect of the movie (it's a problem with the play too) is that the final act runs out of steam. There are no musical numbers in the last 25 minutes and I think Robbins made Anita's rape scene more shocking and believable than Spielberg did). But this is a musical without a musical finale and that's a problem, especially when we know how Romeo dies.So, it has flaws, but not enough to wipe the stupid grin from my face or the tears from my eyes.I mean, if I'd had to 100 to see this I would not have felyt short changed. I'm emotionally wrecked, frankly.Thank you Steven Spielberg for just being, you know, Steven Spielberg. But mostly for respecting arguably the greatest musical ever written and not trying to Hollywood it. Unquestionably he is in the top five movie directors of all time, and I'd happily lose an argument that says he is the best.
10 When we think of west side story back in 1961, director Jerome Robbins, and Robert Wise, they made a masterpiece that could never be remade in the right way. But when we think of Steven Spielberg, we didn't suspect or guess he would have made a musical remake from 1961. Steven Spielberg's eloquent and graceful "West Side Story" opens with the familiar image of the Jets prowling across New York City. They toss paint cans to one another, gathering in larger numbers as they slink and slide through the streets. Occasionally, their strides break into a dance move-a spin or a slide across the pavement-always in unison. The camera doesn't just capture action on a set-it glides with the performers, and we glide along with them. The editing avoids the choppy rhythms of so many recent musicals, allowing viewers to feel motion and connection. We are instantly hooked and will be for the next 2.5 hours. Fans of the original stage production and beloved film will argue over the need for a 2021 version of "West Side Story," although restaging a classic play is an annual event in major theaters around the world. For some reason, remakes in film are more often seen as attempts to supplant an original whereas theater goers are accustomed to the process of new voices interpreting classic texts. The classic Rita Moreno has returned after 60 playing Valentina in the 1961 "West Side Story", and now playing Valentina again in the 2021 remake of West Side Story. The opening sequence sets up the rivalry between the Jets and the Sharks. The former group of tough-talking New Yawkers is led by Riff (Mike Faist, giving one of several star-making performances in the film), who is tired of the Sharks taking the city that he thinks belongs to him. His partner Anita (Ariana DeBose) go to a dance that night where Maria catches the eye of Tony (Ansel Elgort), a former Jet who is trying to go straight. Just released from prison after nearly killing a guy, Tony lives in the basement of the store in which he works, watched over by a mother figure named Valentina (a transcendent Rita Moreno, who won an Oscar for the first film and could do so again). There's so much beauty in this "West Side Story." It merges things that have truly shaped pop culture from the graceful precision of Spielberg-who has always had a musical director's eye in terms of how he choreographs his scenes-to the masterful songwriting of Stephen Sondheim and Leonard Bernstein to the brilliant writing of Tony Kushner to the immigrant experience in this country. It grabs you from the very beginning and takes you there. Somehow, someday, somewhere..
9 The story was more understandable, the singing was much better, especially Maria and Tony. Rachel Zegler was wonderful, and she is so young. I look forward to great things from her in the future.
9 West Side Story was my favorite musical yesterday. West Side Story is my favorite musical today. Until yesterday the 1961 version was my favorite, but this new version is better in everything, except for the novelty factor (although the 1st movie is also an adaptation of the play).Spielberg improved what was right and corrected what was wrong. DeBose, Zegler and Faist are sensational. Cinematography, choreography and editing outstanding. Perfect direction, with some of the most beautiful shots ever.
9 It is the late 1950s and an influx of Puerto Rican immigrants in New York's West Side are extremely unwelcome as far as the disaffected resident youth gand, The Jets, is concerned. The police half-heartedly keep peace between the factions. Meanwhile Puerto Rican Maria meets Tony, a member of The Jets recently released from prison, and it's love at first sight. Which is not welcomed by either gang.Shakespeare often translates well to other mediums and eras, as this adaptation of Romeo and Juliet proved when it hit Broadway in the 50s and the big screen in 1961. In fact the movie was - and is - so well regarded that one wonders why there was a need to remake it, so comparisons are inevitable.In truth, both film versions are excellent. I think I find Tony and Maria's instant love somewhat more convincing here, and the two young performers are more credible than their predecessors. The vicious, murderous hatred between the two gangs is stronger here, and the various tweaks to storytelling do little harm.There are a number of Spielberg "touches" (the opening shot!), and it was so good to see that Rita Morena's present wasn't just a cameo to touch base with the original, but a decent, solid, important character. How amazing to play major characters in two different versions of the same film 60 years apart!
10 What is this with everyone crying about no subtitles? Most of what was said in spanish was immediately translated or given context in the next sentence, and everything else was obvious from context anyway. I don't get it. There were no subtitles needed. At all.I absolutely loved this. This is so many levels above No Way Home, which I saw on Saturday. It's such a stark contrast to see a legitimately good movie versus a bunch of fan service tied together with the thinnest of stories.Can't recommend this more. Rachel Zegler is AMAZING. She will be big.
9 I forgot to mention the best part of the movie was that they included the updated music of Leonard Bernstein in the movie. The biggest change I saw was in this movie Rita Moreno sings "Somewhere". In the original, Maria sings a reprise of that song to a dying Tony. Much better effect.
10 I rarely like remakes. I not only love the original movie but have seen the Broadway production twice of WSS. I was more than pleasantly surprised at how good this movie was. I think chosing Ansel was key and I would recommend this to my friends. Loved it.
10 My Review- West Side Story My Rating 10 +
I'm a huge fan of the 1961 film version of West Side Story and this new version by Steven Spielberg takes nothing away from the genius of the original movie which deservedly won 10 Oscars more than any other film musical in history.I have a theory about this new incredibly fresh film adaptation and it's summed up just two words Tony Kushner and Steven Spielberg.Tony Kushner the Pulitzer Prize winning play write of Angels in America and screenwriter of movies like Munich (2005) and Lincoln (2012) has somehow given this new version of West Side Story an extra mega dose of Shakespeare.We all know that the Leonard Bernstein/Stephen Sondheim Broadway musical West Side Story is a modern parody of Romeo and Juliet but this fresh 2021 reimagining by Tony Kushner in my view puts the play on an equal footing with the music and lyrics.Steven Spielberg has said that at 10 years old he was obsessed with the Broadway Cast album of the show and has based his film version on the stage production rather than the original movie and it shows in every frame.I usually loathe remakes of Classic movies but this one is the exception it stands on its own for originality and movie craftsmanship .The genius of creating a new character for the one cast member of the 1961 film version Rita Moreno by Tony Kushner was inspired. It's not just a cameo role her character of Valentina is pivotal to the story much more so than the character she replaced who was Doc the drugstore proprietor in the 1961 film
She features throughout the movie as a conduit of wisdom and common sense among the gang violence and racial hate reminding me of The Nurse character in Romeo and Juliet.In fact we find out she is the widow of Doc and had a successful dual racial marriage this adds so much to her character.Rita Moreno who turned 90 years young last week was reluctant to appear in the remake but Tony Kushner's rewrite convinced her she had to play Valentina.Stephen Spielberg and the cast appreciated her encouragement and assistance on set so much that he had to make her an Executive Producer.Our two star crossed lovers are Tony once leader of The Jets and just released from prison for a violent gang bashing is trying his best to stay out of trouble .Ansel Elgort is wonderful in the role a great voice (unlike the 1962 version no one is voice dubbed in this version as far as I know)
His singing of the classics Somethings Coming , Maria and Tonight with Rachel Zegler are beautiful.Our Maria in this version is not as virginal and innocent as in the earlier film played beautifully by Natalie Wood and dubbed by Marni Nixon. This Maria is equally superb and it's her first movie introduction .Rachel Zegler is a more modern Maria with strong opinions but still radiates great charm and innocence without being too compliant to the gender stereotypes of 1962.The ethic mix of actual Hispanic actors and Caucasian actors as the gang members and central characters I think also adds an authenticity to this version as do the outdoor locations .One of the most moving songs in this version for me is the duet One Hand One Heart sung by Tony and Maria . It was filmed in the Cloisters of The Metropolitan Museum of Art it's truly a beautiful moment in Cinema .Other locations include The abandoned Bowery subway platform Brooklyn's Bush Terminal Piers Park and Brooklyn's Navy Yard
The great ensemble dance number Cool was filmed at Brooklyn's Bush Terminal Piers Park and The fabulous Dance at the Gym filmed at St Thomas Aquinas Catholic School gymnasium.The great opening number When you're a Jet took place on the streets of Washington Heights and Harlem and the biggest most colourful production number America was filmed in daylight throughout San Juan Hill's streets and very different to the original movie which was filmed at night on a rooftop.Which brings me to the character that Rita Moreno played in the 1961 film which is Anita Maria's brother Bernardo's girl friend played this time by Ariana De Bose who gives us a feisty and passionate performance her duet with Maria A Boy Like That and the production number America are also Oscar Worthy as was Rita Moreno's Best Supporting Oscar Win in 1962.Everybody in this film should be praised but not more than Steven Spielberg who has managed to pull off one of the most difficult tasks for a movie Director to faithfully recreate not only a Broadway musical on the cinema screen and there have been very few successful screen musicals since 1961 .Stephen Spielberg has also even managed to create the other huge accomplishment of creating a brilliant remake of the most successful Oscar winning film musical of all time .Will his new version equal or eclipse the ten Academy Awards won by the 1962 film and will he receive his 5th or 6th Oscar we will have to wait till 2022 but this movie goer can't wait for a second viewing of Steven Spielberg's and Tony Kusher's new film adaptation of West Side Story.
7 I wasn't expecting to enjoy this, but I did, it literally was a burst of fun and energy, just like the game itself.I would imagine there were many that would have wanted to make a movie when Sonic really was big news, but perhaps the technology at the time wasn't sufficient, now though such resources are available, it looks great.Standout for me was Dr Robotnik, Jim Carrey looks awesome, and as always delivers with such charisma.It won't win awards, but enjoyed it, it was genuine good fun. 7/10*Wishes for those days of Sonic on Megadrive.
7 Recently, "Pokemon Detective Pikachu" came out...and "Sonic the Hedgehog" a few months later. Of the two, "Sonic" is definitely my favorite...simply because it was more fun and the plot was simpler and more enjoyable.The story isn't all that important...so instead, I'll just say that it's a buddy picture, of sorts. The crazed Dr. Robotnik (Jim Carrey) is seeking to capture or destroy Sonic....so it's up to Sonic's new friend (James Marsden) to help him avoid this nutty guy.The choice to hold off release to make Sonic look less creepy was a very good one. Additionally, the story is fun...and not especially complicated. Good for kids...as well as parents forced to watch it with them!
6 I think they did a good job with this. The design of Sonic so so much better than the one featured in the trailer. It baffles me how they thought the original design was ok. It looked like a child's drawing of something they had seen in a nightmare.The relationship between Sonic and James Marsden is super cute too and you'd do become invested in it.It is very much a kids movie but it's nice for older people to see as it's filled with nostalgia from the Sonic games. There are plenty of little Easter eggs that people who have played the game will notice.This movie is also really charming. It has lines that are funny too.So I would watch it especially if you have any interest in Sonic I don't think you will be disappointed or frustrated at what they have done with the property.
7 Honestly this was a movie I was never really planning to see. I thought it was another cash grab at our nostalgia. But when the initial trailer came out with the original sonic, I partook in the hilarious and frightening memes and joined in on the criticism. When I found out that they were redesigning Sonic due to the backlash - I was shocked. I never thought a studio would listen to our voice, and oh was our voice heard.So after I saw the second trailer I thought to myself, well, I guess I gotta go see it now. "Put your money where your mouth is." If the studio took the time to do this for us then I will gladly pay my money to see this.And I'm glad I did. It's a fun movie. It's not perfect by any means, but it's an enjoyable film for the family. I love the new Sonic, I love the cast, Jim Carrey is spectacular as always. It was a fun movie from start to finish. And it was really entertaining. I love the voice character for Sonic too, I think he fit perfectly. I would've given it a 7/10 but like I mentioned before, an extra star for caring about the fans and the audience.
7 Which incedently for Sonic isn't an issue (he's fast you know). I don't know how much you know about the little Hedgehog and his game history, but even without any knowledge at all, the movie will make sense to you. Certain things, like the rings and hoarding them is one of the things you do when you play him .. wait that didn't came out wrong did it? I hope not, this is a childrens movie after all.Jim Carrey really relishes and dives into his evil character! He has quite the fun with him and a lot of interesting zingers/one liners. This is overall a funny and entertaining little movie. Is it flawed? For sure - should you care though? The movie won't be fun if you do! Now that does not mean that the studio doesn't listen! The first trailer had quite the catastrophic reactions from fans all over the world ... so back to the drawing board (I guess almost literally) and a new improved Sonic was developed ... nicely done! So sit back, relax and enjoy the ride (that has quite a few plot holes in it, but a lot of heart too)
8 When I saw the original trailer I was genuinely horrified in Sonic's design, like a person in bad cosplay. After the redesign many like myself felt the need to support this movie to honour the fan service and genuine care. I'm sure glad that I did. A funny movie, Jim Carrey was amazing like always and of course Sonic looked great. A very fun movie for the whole family.
7 Sonic The Hedgehog is an action comedy movie based on the SEGA video game series of the same name. Starring James Marsden and Jim Carrey, it is a fast-moving adventure (obviously) that should entertain newcomers and keep fans of the original series satisfied.In the small town of Green Hills, Montana, a blue anthropomorphic hedgehog named Sonic (voiced by Ben Schwartz) lives in hiding after being forced out of his original dimension due to his powers of super speed. After accidentally causing a blackout throughout the whole area, Sonic attracts the attention of Dr. Ivo Robotnik (Jim Carrey), an eccentric evil genius whom the government has hired to track Sonic down for experimental purposes. Now on the run once again, Sonic enlists the help of local police officer Tom Wachowski (James Marsden) to aid him in avoiding capture and hopefully make a new friend in the process.Even if you aren't a hardcore fan of the series, Sonic The Hedgehog provides a nice amount of fun action and quirky humour to draw in even the most casual of moviegoer. I myself was a Nintendo kid growing up, preferring to play as the Italian plumber instead of the blue hedgehog, but SEGA and their mascot character always had my respect for being worthy rivals during the video game wars of the 90s, and the same can be said for this. In fact, this film seems to strongly acknowledge Sonic's 1990s roots, from his love of chili dogs to listening to music on a boombox. Of course, there are some references to modern trends but they are kept to a minimum likely so that the film will age better.Jeff Fowler, who makes his directorial debut for a feature film, does a fine job juggling his storytelling duties with showing off some solid special effects along the way, especially on Sonic himself. It is well known by now that Sonic's original design for this film was poorly received by the public so it was decided that his overall look would be changed. This worked well in the film's favour as not only does he better resemble his video game self, but he even feels more naturally integrated into the real world. We watch as Sonic dashes around causing mischief and escaping danger through different environments like the big city or the quiet countryside, deriving enjoyment along the way. This led to some amusing Quicksilver/Deadpool-esque moments which provided great comic relief during several action scenes.Comedian Ben Schwartz was a great pick to provide the voice and motion-capture of Sonic himself, both emanating the character's trademark cocky attitude while also showcasing his loneliness and longing for true friendship. This, in turn, makes him more relatable to the audience and causes him to have more human traits than some of the actual people in the film. James Marsden also gave a likeable performance as Tom Wachowski, not merely being relegated to the straight man role but also having his fair share of funny moments as well. However, it is Jim Carrey who steals the show as Dr. Robotnik. I'm not sure whether it was seeing how perfectly tailored the character was to his comedic talents or if it was just how nostalgic it felt to see him acting like his over-the-top 90s self again, but virtually everything he said and did had me laughing out loud. I hope we will see more of Carrey's portrayal of the character in the near future, which reportedly he has expressed interest in doing.In the end, even though the film isn't groundbreaking by any means, it still provides much needed entertainment thanks to its respectful take on the source material that, like POKMON Detective Pikachu before it, definitely feels more like how video games should be handled for the big screen treatment. There is certainly potential for other game franchises to be adapted into movies with a similar style and it is starting to feel as though the "video game curse" may be fading away altogether. There are two bonus mid-credit scenes worth staying back for, and while they aren't of Masahiro Sakurai approaching Sonic about the Smash initiative, they should excite fans of the series just as much.I rate it 7/10
7 Overall - Had lots of laughs at the cinema with a friend. But don't go in with high expectations.Having just watched Sonic, I can say that it was an enjoyable movie. Many of the elements that make up the movie has been seen before but the movie executes them well enough for them to be justified and certainly funny.Standout from the cast is Jim Carrey, who steals the show, especially in one scene in which he is experimenting with something that belongs to Sonic.Visual Effects and Sonic himself could have done with a little more polish but its adequate.
6 The movie is fun. It has some fun jokes. Robotnik is a really fun character with witty, fun dialogue. The movie understands what it is, and doesn't try to be something it is not, which is good. It doesn't take itself too seriously. There are some problems in the logic, as there is never a sense of real urgency in Sonic as he travels by car to San Francisco (even when he can clearly run properly again). Tom being all over the news never has a real impact in the plot.
The conflict in the movie is actually there and keeps it interesting. Sonic is very charming and fun to watch. Overall, the movie is enjoyable and good.Oh, and Tails cameo was so great. Made me super excited.
8 The film is part of a certain genre of lovable alien coming to Earth and being chased by unnecessarily evil and ineffective power hungry guys while being protected by regular people for emotional reasons. It checks all the boxes, it is funny and pleasant, too. The villain, while being the usual cardboard evil character, gets much more nuanced and interesting from Jim Carrey's performance. And frankly, I thought James Marsden was just a pretty face, but I kind of like him in everything he does so, good luck James!As a successful and fun to watch movie based on a game - they are too few and far between - I think this is way above the average. Maybe a bit too childish, though, but I guess this film isn't for adults.
5 Watching this movie is like having an amazing time on a rollercoaster but after it's done you have a big headache or you need to barff. Like you had fun, it was awesome while it lasted but when it's finished it's like really? I admit I liked this movie, but as much as I liked it there's a lot I didn't like. I liked the pace, the chemistry between sonic and the side character, I liked how they handled the story. The jokes can be funny sometimes, other times they don't land and just seem very corny. I thought Jim Carrey as robotnic was ok just felt they should have actually casted someone that looks like him. Sonic comes off as a creep, spying on people, Hidding from them for like YEARS. And for some reason, when he ACTUALLY needs to hide, he doesn't, for a guy with super speed he also can't dodge a tranquilizer bullet? I mean the entire movie shows him dodging missiles and bar fights, but he can't dodge a tranquilizer bullet? A lot of the logic just doesn't add up. I admit theres a lot I like about this movie but there's a lot I don't.
7 This would not have been my choice of movie if I were going to the theater alone, but with three grandkids under the age of eleven who voted unanimously to see it, how could I refuse? It actually turned out to be fairly entertaining and the kids wound up laughing a lot and had a good time. In fact, the two who were visiting from a couple hours away called it the best thing they did all weekend. So grandpa scored a few points there if I must say so. Not being familiar with the Sonic character, everything about him was new to me. The combination of live action and animation appeared to work well as Sonic teams up with Donut Lord Tom Wachowski (James Marsden) to thwart the evil designs of Ivo Robotnik (Jim Carrey) to take over the world. Colorful cinematography and a frantic pace keeps the action moving along, so if you happen to come across a couple of stray family members, why not take them to see the flick. It wouldn't be the worst afternoon you ever spent.
8 A movie that I thought was going to be a trainwreck really surprised me.
Jim Carrey really steals the show with a phenomenal performance. An excellent film to take your whole family to the cinema and have a good laugh. Very funny!
8 Sonic definitely exceeded all my expectations. The film has excellent music, cinematography and acting, with an incredible battle between Dr. Eggman and Sonic. Jim Carrey is the king of comedy, he really made Dr. Eggman scary and dangerous. Don't listen to critics, it's great!
7 It's not the next masterpiece of cinema, but I genuinely think it's an enjoyable watch if you don't go in expecting the stars.I enjoyed it a lot more than I have a lot of other "Video-Game cash in movies" anyway. Yes, It's a genre that's been done a lot, but that doesn't make this film inherently bad.It had some enjoyable moments in it.I have immense amounts of respect for the crew who worked on this movie, due to how much the internet kicked up a storm and how they worked tirelessly to try re-jig the movie to make it work. That doesn't mean the movie is perfect, but the respect for the craft is there.Long story short; It's not a perfect movie, but you can tell that effort was made in it's creation. Had some enjoyable moments and would definitely encourage people to watch.
7 Ten years after being forced to flee his home planet, blue superspeeded Hedgehog Sonic (Ben Schwartz) now lives in secret in the small town of Green Hills, Montana. After one day inadvertently tapping into his powers triggering an electromagnetic pulse, this brings the attention of U.S. Government who sends in genius scientist Dr. Robotnik (Jim Carrey) to investigate and deal with the anomaly. Now hunted by Robotnik's drones Sonic enlists the help of Green Hills Sheriff, Tom Wachowski (James Marsden), to helptravel across the United States so he can avoid capture.First appearing on video game consoles back in 1991, Sonic became an instant success for both Sega and their 16-bit video game console the Genesis/Mega Drive. Sonic even helped Sega eclipse sales of competitor Nintendo (albeit in brief spurts) and lead to well received sequels and an expanded media franchise that still runs strong to this day with long running comics and multiple TV series having been produced. A movie had been in various stages of development from 1994 onward with iterations of the project coming close to fruition at MGM and Dreamworks, but conflicting visions and fleeting success with films such as Super Mario Bros. and Street Fighter resulted in the project stalling. The film began serious development back in 2013 and even with the commitment it was slow going for the blue speedster with original distributor Columbia getting cold feet and selling the project in a turnaround to Paramount (who was eager to bulk up franchises in the wake of their faltering Transformers and Star Trek films). Then of course there was Sonic's design/redesign which was so reviled by everyone the movie was delayed to fix the look. Against all odds, the movie is actually quite good.While the movie is certainly a family film (with some of the types of humor that entails), the movie does have a charm and sweetness to it that makes itself very endearing. Ben Schwartz is effectively energetic as Sonic and brings to the forefront the character's good natured penchant for mischief and adventure that makes him such a fun protagonist. In many ways he still captures the attitudes carried from the decade of his introduction that could also be seen in similar properties like the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Swat Kats, and many other properties from the era. While Sonic's attitude is definitely in line with his persona, the movie does a good job making him a character with depth. When we first see Sonic as a child it's in a flashback sequence on his home planet where a tribe of Echidnas (a reference to the lore of the games) tries to capture him and his Guardian, an Owl named Longclaw, is presumably killed in the process trying to help him escape to Earth. It's a really well done sequence that establishes the stakes quite well and creates a nice emotional core to build the movie around. We see Sonic's isolation as he hides from the sight of Green Hills' citizenry (save for a hermit who's the only one who knows Sonic exists but no one believes) and how he watches them from a far pretending to be friends with them and giving them nicknames like "Donut Lord" for Tom or "Pretzel Lady" for Tom's wife Maddie (Tika Sumpter). It's both a very funny and surprisingly sweet take on the character.The human characters in the movie are also quite good. Both Tom and Maddie are really sweet as a married couple and have great chemistry and comic timing together. Tom is also great as a foil for Sonic once the two end up teaming up together and is not only a well done proxy for the audience to get more well versed in Sonic's universe, but he's also a good man with ambition who genuinely wants to help people and feels like he can't do that in his job as a small town Sheriff. There's some really nice exchanges between Sonic and Tom as they go across country getting into various misadventures involving not just Robotnik's drones but also road movie trappings like tourist traps and tough bars that are one accident shove away from breaking into a full on fight. Which brings us to Dr. Robotnik. Jim Carrey is amazing as our villain. An arrogant misanthrope with a Superiority complex and a general contempt for all humanity, Carrey does an amazing job of bringing to life Robotnik. As the movie goes on he becomes more visually similar to his video game counter part in aesthetics, but even if he didn't it'd still be an amazing performance. Carrey's performance is somewhere between his performance as The RIddler from Batman Forever and the cable guy from The Cable Guy. It's not as silly as the riddler nor is it as creepy as the cable guy and strikes just the right note to make a threat but a very entertaining threat we love to hate.The plot of the movie is very standard fare as it plays like a PG version of the Simon Pegg/Nick Frost movie Paul as filtered through the lens of a lighter superhero movie like Deadpool or the Quicksilver scenes from the X-Men movies. In contrast to a lot of big budget movies with characters who are super powered, I liked how the climax and the movie as a whole was more dialed back in scale and scope and didn't rely on many trappings such as sky portals or citywide destruction and instead went a more personal route with its stakes. But while I personally liked the smaller scale approach to the material, I can imagine there will be others who will feel it wasn't an adequate pay off to what cam before.Sonic is not only a solid video game movie, it's a solid movie. It's well cast with charming leads, a really good performance by Jim Carrey as our villain, and fun and creative usage of Sonic's super speed that leads to both big laughs and exciting action sequences. while the movie follows a predictable path and some of the humor flirts with being juvenile, it's a solid film that can be enjoyed by most family members are will entertain both newcomers to the franchise and long time fans.*Also note there is post credit scene establishing potential threads for the sequel
24 February 2021 Good watch, could watch again, and can recommend.This is surprisingly good, and I went in with really low expectations. Sonic has a long and very weird fanbase, along with a series of weird, weird choices in game designs.The concept is very forced, but once you get past that and into actual Sonic content, it is actually a lot of fun. Jim Carrey does a wonderful version of Dr. (Eggman) Robotnik, and the change to him originating in on Earth 1 actually works really well.I feel like there is a possibility for a series of movies surrounding the dark organization Robotnik was from. Carrey, Marsden, and the Sonic character have a some great chemistry.While its not a great movie, it's definitely a lot of fun, and I think that is the right choice for a Sonic movie.
10 This is a genuinely excellent movie! I was a little skeptical at first given the fact that there would've been a chance that even though they fixed Sonic's design, this movie was going to be too much like The Smurfs. But boy was I wrong! Jim Carrey absolutely steals the show as Dr. Robotnik, who will eventually adopt the name Eggman, and Sonic just looks so cute! The action scenes are excellent and some jokes are really hilarious! I'd highly recommend this movie to anybody!
9 Definitely fun to watch, and with the new redesign it works very, very well!
Recommended, hoping it does well enough in box office performance for a sequel.
Would LOVE to see that happen!
7 My daughter wanted to see "Sonic the Hedgehog;" I did not. I expected full scale absurdity, instead I got an enjoyable movie that was pretty funny.To be honest, Jim Carrey was in fine form as the antagonist Robotnik. He was vintage Jim Carrey and he was hilarious. I was laughing at parts that everyone else stayed silent on. It was like Jim Carrey knew his older fans were out there wanting to see what made him one of the top guys in the biz in the 90's.Sonic, voiced by Ben Schwartz, was pretty funny as well. Some of his gags fell flat, but for the most part he kept the humor up. The plot was fairly straightforward and simple. I think sometimes, especially with Disney, they try to get too deep with their plots as though the kids in the audience would be able to follow it. The plot was good, the movie was funny, and the visual effects were what they should've been. Like Robotnik said when Sonic pulled a stunt on him, "I did not expect that."
10 This was funny, fast paced and family friendly. They have plenty of comedic moments and nods to the game franchise. Loved it. Gotta go fast.
10 1- Love the voice actor of Sonic.2- Love how they use different references from different movies and tv shows.3- The Comedy is on point whether you're an adult or a child.4- The animation of Sonic is way better than the previous one.5- There are some heart-felt moments where you're drawn to the emotions that Sonic is going through.6- Love the fact that they're continuing the movie with a second part.7- I enjoyed Jim Carry's role as the villain due to his clumsiness in some situations.
6 This film was better than I expected! Everyone went crazy over the first trailer but Paramount listened to the fans and adjusted their designs for a much better effect. This film does feel like a rehash of other animated films like Hop (2011), down to James Marsden, although it is executed well so I don't mind. James Marsden himself plays the weary father figure, Jim Carrey chews the scenery as Dr. Robotnik and Sonic is the energetic but lonely child figure. The plot was set up effectively (although I wish we could have seen more of Sonic's origins and the other planets) but the energy petered out somewhat. After the beginning, there is a lot of set pieces and Sonic's goofiness with not much really connecting them. They have to go to San Francisco to find the rings but Dr. Robotnik tries to stop them; there's not much else to the story. The character arcs promised in the beginning don't really go anywhere. I had a fun time watching this film but it wasn't really anything I hadn't seen before.
10 Given even just the production history of this movie, I had extremely mixed expectations before watching. Yet given the opportunity, I couldn't pass it up - and you know what? 'Sonic the hedgehog' is both absurd and delightful.Truthfully, I was hooked from the moment early on when Sonic befriended a turtle.Sonic, as voiced by Ben Schwartz, rides a line between terribly obnoxious and annoyingly endearing, but indisputably entertaining. James Marsden, in his role as small-town cop Tom, plays it straight, and is a swell foil to Sonic's madcap frivolity. And Jim Carrey, as infamous Dr. Robotnik is... Well, there's no mistaking that his knack for physical comedy and exaggerated facial expressions makes him perfect for a part so cartoonishly villainous. At the same time, this is the most Jim Carrey that Jim Carrey has been in years. Yet the end result of it all is that the cast is outstanding, and they give swell comedic performances to bring this picture to life.The special effects, including Robotnik's machines and Sonic himself, are as realistic as such pointedly unrealistic visions could be. That dovetails neatly into the nature off the film as a videogame adaptation: For working with a franchise whose concept boils down to "gotta go fast," writers Pat Casey and Josh Miller have concocted a story that ports over familiar elements of the game series to the cinematic world, while also creating something new and fun. Even when it dips into overly sentimental moments, or gets extra cutesy or cartoonish - this is honestly just such a blast.Despite myself, there's just not much more to say. No one is more surprised than I am by how much I enjoyed this film. It had so much working against it since the moment production began, but all the hard work has paid off. 'Sonic the hedgehog' is an unapologetic, silly, playful romp that has caught me off guard, and I'm so glad I took a chance on it.
7 Very interesting movie. The character of Sonic was fun and the character of the Sheriff and his wife was bad. Jim Carrey was the best person in the movie. Sonic was perfect and much better than the first show I recommend watching
20 February 2022 "Licorice Pizza" tells a meandering journey of two young lovebirds. Things happen in the film, but I don't find the events of the plot intriguing or interesting. I honestly was bored by it.
4 I was curious about the film's title. As it turns out, the film is named after a record store chain called 'Licorice Pizza'. Also, according to director Paul Thomas Anderson, both licorice and pizza resonate with childhood memories, and he liked the sound of that for a coming of age movie.I have several issues with this highly acclaimed film. Firstly, the characters. The most obvious is having a romance between a 15-year old boy and a 25-year old woman. Not that age gap is an issue in relationships, but because the boy is a minor and the film therefore had a bit of a sour taste in the mouth being a 'love story'.Also, none of the characters were likable. No, not even the leads Alana and Gary. I mean, was this supposed to be a romantic film? Gary wanted to be with Alana from the moment he saw her, and when he got the chance he suddenly didn't want her anymore. Then, when she didn't want him anymore, he wanted her again. Then not, then he did, then she didn't, then she did... oh whatever!! As for Alana, she threw herself at every man she met! Wow, now there's romance for you (pffff!!!!!)With so many characters coming and going, I completely lost track of them and the film simply felt like a bunch of short stories gelled together to make one movie. As for Gary, I didn't find this character believable. This guy had so many mood changes that it was hard to summarize him. He is an actor and entrepreneur, and businessman at the age of fifteen...I also found the film slow moving with not all that much interesting happening - or, at least, nothing that interested me. This is not my kind of movie, and found it a bit boring since the 'love story' was anything but romantic. So, where did I want the movie to go? Honestly, I didn't care because I didn't root for any of the characters. I certainly didn't care for Gary and Alana being a couple, that's for sure!On a positive note, the performances are very good.
5 Licorice Pizza comes across as if it was written on the fly. A jumble of ill fitting scenes with quirky adults and hip cameos (Sean Penn, Tom Waits, Bradley Cooper) it banks its edge on two average looking characters, Gary and Alana and their age gap; precocious 15 year old boy, 25 year old woman, both annoyingly overplayed by Alana Haim and Cooper Hoffman.Gary meets Alana at a student yearbook (ID?) photo session. He's bewitched and pursues her. She bites and the two enter into an on again off again relationship that alas is rife with heartache and pain as they start a water bed business together. His obsession with Alana however begins to cool. She seeks and enters into more age appropriate relationships but they fail to advance. Gary meanwhile has opened a pinball business but cannot get over Alana and runs into the night in search of her.Pizza has its moments but very few with some imaginative incidentals and arch characterization that soon become contrived and repetitive. An absurdist rom-com with the fuel crisis as key backdrop it seems content to be sparingly funny as it incoherently moves from scene to scene of hodgepodge editing and poorly lit cinematography. Director PT Anderson seems to be missing in action with overlong scenes of drive by tracking and trail off dialogue with heavy handed interplay between the two leads as well as ancillary characters doing their darndest to be unctuous and annoying. Licorice Pizza is offbeat at its most banal and boring.
3 I really wanted to like this film but it felt like there was absolutely nothing there. I didn't understand why these two would be a fit for each other, they really were not. The film was it of nonsensical diatribe, the movie just did not make sense on any level, it wasn't funny, although there were a couple moments that were a chuckle, but it was just a tiring story. It was a good period production, but what a waste.I was only able to get through it with a sense of long-suffering pain and difficulty. There are a lot of good movies out there, please please don't waste your time or wait for it streaming or DVD at least, and that way you can fast forward through the nonsense scenes.It felt very, very manipulative and it felt very, very indulgent on the part of Anderson.
4 The odd title of 2021's Licorice Pizza doesn't add up to much. Licorice Pizza the movie? Well it doesn't add up to much either. The film's blueprint involves a 15-year-old boy and a 25-year-old girl hanging out together in Southern California circa 1973. Why these two would ever have anything to do with each other or even be attracted to each other is well, beyond me.So yeah, Licorice Pizza is a comedy-drama that saunters and irks. It's like a series of random, "Me Decade" scenes that sort of taper off into the wind. The leads (Alana Haim, Cooper Hoffman) are not horrible, they're just dupes of automation. They begrudgingly do whatever Paul Thomas Anderson's implausible screenplay tells them to.Speaking of Anderson, well he's the director. Once the boy genius behind my favorite flick of all time (Boogie Nights), Paul Thomas Anderson has now regressed to the point of jumbled-ness. With Licorice Pizza, he dips back into the 70s again butchering the almighty cinematic form. There's no continuity, no lucid story, no scripted 411.So OK, Anderson knows where to put the camera and yeah, his soundtracks are earthy and retro (this one is good but lacks a little freshness). Still, you can't help but wish PTA would spend two-plus hours on something more than a messy, bipolar character study. In truth, I was annoyed by Alana Haim's Alana Kane to the point where I wanted to shake the wishy-washy out of her. I mean what a royal pain in the butt.Per the last paragraph, I said that Licorice Pizza was a messy film. True dat. It could learn age-old wisdom from a tidy one. Licorice Pizza is also cock and bull film. I mean you'd have to believe that Hoffman's Gary Valentine could own a pinball arcade, successfully mack on a twentysomething, and manage a waterbed factory as a blackhead juvenile. Wha??Add pointless cameos (I'm talking to you Bradley Cooper and Sean Penn) and fading personas whose plot threads add to nil and you have the movie equivalent of a failed competitor on The Gong Show. "Hold the anchovies".
5 Generous with a 5 cos of Sean Penn n Bradley Cooper's small roles.This movie has absolutely no character development and the screenplay is abysmal.Better watch Crazy Stupid Love. At least it's funny.
5 The story is simple. Teenagers falling in love in the seventies. There really isnt anything more to this story. A bit of a bummer!I am really disappointed that this is the best that P. T Anderson had to offer. I have seen better days, much better...The bad: one of the lesser movies by director P. T Anderson, because the leading characters are unknowns, who are simply lacking charisma of the likes of brilliant A-list actors, like Joaquin Phoenix, Philip Seymour Hofmann, Tom Cruise etc, who were starring in P. T Anderson's movies before... Forget about the leading actor being the son of Philip Seymour Hofmann, the guy just hasnt got the charisma of his father, nowhere near!The few (very short) supporting roles by A-list actors like Sean Penn, Tom Waits and Bradley Cooper may sound interesting, but when they act together with these unknown leading actors, they only accentuate the LACK OF CHARISMA of these leading uncharismatic unknown actors. A bit painful to watch.More bad: there is definitely a lack of drama and thrill. It really does become a bit tedious after an hour and that's a first for me when watching a P. T Anderson movie.Most people did come to see it because of an Oscar nomination for Best Picture. That nomination is rather laughable, because P. T. Anderson has made several movies worthy of an Oscar, but this is NOT one of them. Not bad, but it certainly aint brilliant either.Not any good? Famous director P. T Anderson always delivers. It ain a terrible movie, only a bit tedious. Rest asured you will get to see true to life characters in doubt, in pain or in love. Probably only suited for a patient arthouse audience though, because it is quite a bit slowburning, bordering on TEDIOUS...
3 Honestly, there are days I despair over the members of the Academy of Motion Pictures, or Hollywood in general. This movie is flagrant self flagellation. If the industry wasn't so enamoured with itself, this film, no matter how many A-listers it cast, would never have seen the light of day, let alone been nominated for a Best Picture Oscar. I'm embarrassed for them. I give this film a 3 (bad) out of 10. {Inane Dramedy}
3 But I watched, I looked, and I couldn't find anything there. It's aimless. It doesn't start anywhere, it doesn't end anywhere, and in between it doesn't bother to go anywhere. Other than "but it's a young love slice of life in the early-70s Valley" - which is just a copout for not having a narrative arc - about the most interesting thing is the conflict-that-should-have-happened-but-didn't with Bradley Cooper's Jon Peters. That was hilariously manic, and seemed to presage SoCal's cocaine obsession by five or ten years.To be honest, though, what bothered me most was that the title referred to *nothing*. I used to go to LA in the early 80s and buy a lot of records, and Licorice Pizza was one of the stores I frequented. So I'd hoped for a little selfish nostalgia and was disappointed when the store didn't feature in the movie AT ALL. So other than being an odd name to anyone not familiar with the music scene at the time, there was no reason to choose it, and I felt kinda robbed.
4 "Licorice Pizza" is a coming of age story set in 1973's Los Angeles-Encino. A pudgy, pimply-faced yet over-confident 15 year old Gary Valentine falls for a sub-average looking 25 year old year-book photog. She's firm that they can't be a thing and his many, many attempts to impress her enough fuels the film's 2hrs. Look it's not a bad film but it's a low-budget affair that in yester-year would be straight-to-video. Some will love the authenticity of the moment, the attraction between two unlikely unattractives. Alana Haim as Alana Kane is new to mainstream Hollywood but her very plain looks and equiv acting won't advance her from this. This is Cooper Hoffman's first film credit and would've fit in well in the '80s "Porky's".
2 My Review - Liquorice Pizza My Rating 2/10It will be along time before I ever watch another "Coming of Age ." movie or any movie that involves Paul Thomas Anderson the Director Writer Producer of Liquorice Pizza.It may be a generation divide but it's a divide I never want to cross again the only aspect that I enjoyed about this movie was a few of the nostalgic 1970's pop hits.The story for what it's worth and it's not worth much is about two people one not so young immature 25 year old woman Alana Kane and Gary Valentine a podgy Ron Weasley look alike 15 year old teenager who has the hots for Alana . They spend most of the movie running around together selling water beds in the San Fernando Valley in 1973.I couldn't help thinking if the genders and ages were swapped around the film would probably be called Carnal Knowledge .The critics obviously love this movie and it's unbelievably nominated for 3 Oscar's Best Picture, Best Director and Best Screenplay while a film like Guillermo Del Toro's superb Nightmare Alley is virtually ignored.The last coming of age movie I recall as annoying as this was the 2019 movie Booksmart but at least I enjoyed the cast in that and it was about real teenage angst not one teenager and a 25 year old woman.The two stars in this film Alana Haim who plays 25 year old Alana and Cooper Hoffman as 15 year old Garry I found a very odd couple I suppose that was intentional?Their Acting ability was ok I suppose but I thought they were mismatched physically and intellectually in fact they're not really romantically involved much at all ? Or their involvement is a very one sided affair.Liquorice Pizza is a puzzling combination of flavours that to me are as unappealing as the title suggests even cameos from Bradley Cooper as Jon Peter's Barbra Streisand's ex boyfriend and Sean Penn as Jack Holden couldn't make this movie a tasty dish for me.I only have one more 2022 Best Picture nominated movie to see before the awards are announced "Drive My Car "I hope it's better than this mishmash .
4 Paul Thomas Anderson has written and directed so many excellent films that it saddens me to declare this one to be underwhelming, but that's the way it is. It feels like one, long in-joke masquerading as a coming-of-age movie. Lots of talent involved, including, fortunately, Alana Haim, around whom the movie seems to have been built, given the rest of her family play the rest of her character's family. That's all fine and funny. But there's something icky in the presence of Hollywood princes and princesses such as Cooper Hoffman, Willa Hoffman, Tallulah Hoffman, Sasha Spielberg, Dexter Demme. Not to mention Leonard di Caprio's dad. George. It's as if we're intruding on a home movie. Maybe that was the idea. If so, I'm surprised that Mr Anderson didn't realise how patronising that might seem.There are minor joys in the bravura turns of Christine Ebersole, Tom Waits, Sean Penn and Bradley Cooper, though perhaps the last goes so over-the-top he's probably in orbit by now.Come back soon, Paul Thomas Anderson, and bring us another good movie. We'll call this one a blip.
6 Alana Haim admits to being 25, and may be 28. She has no idea what she wants to do. Cooper Hoffman is 15, a successful child actor, a budding entrepreneur -- waterbeds and newly decriminalized pinball machines -- and wants her.Paul Thomas Anderson's latest movie is set, like Tarrantino's ONCE UPON A TIME IN HOLLYWOOD, in Los Angeles some time in the 1960s or 1970s -- the scripts make Leave It To Beaver contemporaneous with the Oil Crisis. Anderson takes a viewpoint that is more realistic, more sympathetic, and at the same time, more cynical. His camera looks at its subjects like 1970s cameras did; people are not flattered by the 1970s clothes they wear, and the visible architecture is tired and ugly. And no one approves of the relationship between the leads, not even Miss Haim.The movie is filled out with contemporary individuals, some appearing under their real names -- John C. Reilly appears as Fred Gwynne in Munsters make-up, and Bradley Cooper as Jon Peters -- while others show up under pseudonyms -- Christine Ebersole is Lucy Doolittle, clearly a drunken, foul-mouthed Lucille Ball hyping a thinly disguised YOURS, MINE, AND OURS.As for the story, well, it's like most of Anderson's movies, a tale about not particularly likeable people trying to be happy in a world that doesn't approve of anything. I suppose it reflects reality, in that it's thoroughly muddled, but I prefer a bit more clarity in my stories.
4 Unlikeable characters, a chaotic plot, pointless cameos and repetitive running scenes add up to a frenetic yet tedious movie that I really wish had lasted at least 30 minutes less.
1 I mean what the hell was this, I get the premise for not having a direct plot, I also applaud a film for not using stupidly attractive actors and giving more normal looking people a leading role.It was 2 strange, impossible to like people in a story about anger, child endangerment and underage abuse, if this had of been the other way round it would've been ripped apart but because the girls older then that's ok?With how the world is I'm amazed this got made let alone awards, ahh nostalgic for that too me when legality didn't matter and everything was better... stupid.
3 A 15-year-old boy in the '70s lives like an adult, courting a grown woman and running two businesses. It might be some high-concept Hollywood kids' comedy like Big, except it's all done out in artsy grainy realism so you can almost believe it - if not feel much for these characters who seem largely without vulnerabilities or struggles.The implicitly weird premise and generally missing emotion might suggest Anderson got too up in his head constructing some riddle or logic problem - but indicating what? About the most I can see is, it continues his interest in force-of-nature types and the mystery of their instinctive, amoral, self-absorbed successes. Perhaps now showing a kid like this, Anderson's saying we all started growing up faster after the sixties? Or the boy businessman, peddling waterbeds and pinball to me-generation hedonists, is part of the coming yuppie wave?I dunno and the problem is I don't really care - or believe all this code-breaking is deserved or to much purpose. Drifting like a dull biopic from one disconnected episode to another, the film seems as bereft of meaning as of story. The only idea, really, appears to have been to corruscatingly stud the surface with brilliantly observed period detail, florid dialogue and extravagant side characters - all of which, adding up to nothing, feels overwrought and tediously pleased with itself.It's a perfect case study, then, in how you can execute near flawlessly throughout - though actually, most of the jokes fall flat - but if your movie's not really about anything, it's still bad. It is bad.
4 I can't say, I'm bored. But, I really didn't get the story. What's the point of showing chemistry between a 15 years old boy and 25/30 years old lady. It would be better if I had seen the reverse version of it. I mean, the girl being serious about career and the boy is just roaming around, that would be perfect . Whereas in this movie, it is totally different.
1 This is the worst movie I have seen in a long time - no point , no connection to any character, way too long , boring and a waste of time.No one is concerned with a 25 year old woman hanging out with a 15 year old ? I seriously could not wait for it to end .
6 For as much as I watched this it's a '70s movie about two unlikable people who flirt unlikeably and I suppose probably wind up having an unlikable romance. This was nominated for a Best picture Oscar but God knows why except that boring pointless movies often get nominated for awards. I actually don't know anyone who liked this movie but I suppose people did.
4 This just wasn't for me. I had assumed that anything by Paul Thomas Anderson would appeal to me, but I did not respond to this story.I don't have any criticisms; I think the movie was well made, and I am sure there will be many viewers who thoroughly enjoy it. The story isn't very linear, but that shouldn't have bothered me. The Master was a similarly meandering narrative, but I really like that movie. I don't expect to watch Licorice Pizza again. For some reason, I did not connect to any part of this story.
5 An unrealistic and out of touch yarn, without charisma or engagement and very little charm, leaves you asking lots of questions, about certain age transgressions, and why no-one seems to be a bit alarmed.A poor, unrealistic and rambling story but some top drawer performances provide a little relief and reward.
5 What an experience watching "Licorice Pizza" was. In terms of aesthetic qualities like the ability to put the viewer in a setting (in this case 1970s Los Angeles), a wonderful soundtrack, some rollicking fun sequences, and phenomenal cinematography. Truly a technical masterpiece in nearly every sense.Sadly, "Licorice Pizza" is also not all that great of a film for one very specific reason: it completely and utterly lacks a plot or overall meaning to all the technical expertise.For a very basic overview, the movie tells the story of Gary (Cooper Hoffman), a high school student with a taste for showbiz, and Alana (Alana Haim), a 25-year-old Jewish "Valley Girl" stuck in neutral but always looking for the next adventure. As the two circle around each other trying to determine their romantic wants/needs, they stumble in and out of any number of period-specific historical events/schemes, such as a fuel shortage, waterbed craze, and pinball machine ban being lifted, to name a few.Like I said, "Licorice Pizza" is truly remarkable at setting a scene. I felt like I was back in time and nothing ever broke that illusion. I was also extremely impressed by the acting performances from newcomers (at least to the big screen) Hoffman & Haim. They are more than capable of carrying the entire film, which is exactly what they are asked to do here.But when the credits rolled--and even some time after--I'm struggling to figure out any discernible value or lasting concepts to take from the experience. In a certain sense, the viewing experience (plot-wise) felt like a cipher to which I wasn't given the key. A whole bunch of mini-escapades transpire--all at least somewhat entertaining--and the movie just ends. No more, no less.I very much liken "Licorice Pizza" to 2019's "Once Upon A Time In Hollywood", though I have to say I liked that Tarentino film a bit more because even it hewed to the plot--not just the spirit--of the current events it was depicting. Here, director Paul Thomas Anderson creates a movie that is almost entirely aesthetic and eschews plot/meaning entirely. As such, it is difficult for me to grade it as "good" or "bad", hence the right-down-the-middle five stars.
7 A total vibe movie that you're either going to enjoy or not depending on how into that vibe you are.Paul Thomas Anderson's latest is a nostalgic romcom of sorts about a teenager and the much older woman he wants to have a romance with in 1970s California. The film is obviously made by someone with first-hand experience of what it was like to grow up near L. A.'s entertainment industry, and the film, which is more a series of vignettes than a continuous narrative, captures the weirdness, desperation, and sometimes scariness of famous people living in a vacuum.The film's biggest asset is Alana Haim, playing either a 25 year old or 28 year old (a blink and you'll miss it line throws some doubt on her actual age) who's oppressive Jewish household makes the antics of a child star high schooler (Cooper Hoffman, son of Phillip Seymour) at first a welcome distraction and later leads to an endearing bond between the two. The movie is winsome and enjoyable as long as it focuses on these two and their prickly relationship, but it's derailed by two lengthy segments featuring Sean Penn and Bradley Cooper that aren't as funny as Anderson seems to think they are and flab out the film's running time.Also, much as I enjoyed the film while watching it, I couldn't shake an extreme feeling of ickiness when I started to think back on it. The age difference between Haim and Cooper is treated as mostly a non-issue within the world of the film, and their romance is served straight up -- we're obviously supposed to be rooting for them to be together. But if this were a movie about a 25 year old man romancing a 15 year old girl, it would play quite differently, and the double standard bothered me. I also felt like the script let Haim down. She's so likable and such a good actress that I was disappointed her character didn't have more growth. She's a young woman who hasn't seen much of the world but starts to thanks to Hoffman, but I wish the movie had been more about her learning that, much as she likes Hoffman as a friend, she's too old for him and has more potential than that of being his girlfriend and sidekick.So, overall a mixed bag of a movie for me, though I was entertained watching it and would recommend it to others.Grade: A-
26 December 2021 I love this movie but can't explain why, left the cinema same way I felt after watching "Once Upon A Time In Hollywood". Don't really know what to say apart from I enjoyed it. Was it the era it's based in, was it the chemistry the characters shared, was it the way it was filmed, the dialogues, or was it the idyll charm Alana and Gary created? I don't know. It felt like the writers just started writing with no actual plot line, let the story flow and develop on it's own, because I can tell you what happened in the movie but don't really know what the movie's about yet it was still perfect the way it was. Felt like just watching life unfold for the characters. It wasn't complicated, at no point do you feel the script was altered to make it more witty, funny or dramatic, everything was just natural. I think more movies like this should be made. I wasn't around in the 70's, but movies like this make it feel like I'm right there with them; nostalgia to a time I never knew. Come to think of it, maybe that's why I do love it.
1 No, no, no, no, no, no, the film did not have an interesting story
It was a salad with a lot of side dishes, crowded messed up
But the main component was sex with a minor
This is not acceptable, if the genders were the opposite in this film (a young man with a child girl has not yet reached the legal age) would you still praise this film? (If society accepts this one, next time a director will tell himself It also dares to build it)
Do not let your eyes get used to seeing these, because later your mind will accept any nonsense they give you to eat.This is pedophilia, it is opening the way for the deviants
Come to yourself congregation!
10 Why do I want to write the 234th comment on The Shawshank Redemption? I am not sure - almost everything that could be possibly said about it has been said. But like so many other people who wrote comments, I was and am profoundly moved by this simple and eloquent depiction of hope and friendship and redemption. The only other movie I have ever seen that effects me as strongly is To Kill a Mockingbird. Both movies leave me feeling cleaner for having watched them.I didn't intend to see this movie at all: I do not like prison movies and I don't normally watch them. I work at a branch library and one day as I was checking The Shawshank Redemption out to one of our older patrons, she said to me, "Whenever I feel down or depressed, I check out this movie and watch it and it always makes me feel better." At the time, I thought that was very strange. One day there was nothing on TV except things I absolutely would not watch under any circumstance or things that I had seen too many times already. I remembered what she said, so I watched it. I have watched it many many times since then and it gets better with every showing.No action, no special effects - just men in prison uniforms talking to each other.The Shawshank Redemption and To Kill a Mockingbird are the best movies I have ever seen. I do not judge it by it's technical merits - I don't really care about that. I have read that Citizen Kane or The Godfather or this or that movie is the best movie ever made. They may have the best technique or be the most influential motion pictures ever made, but not the best. The best movies are ones that touch the soul. It takes a movie like The Shawshank Redemption to touch the soul.
10 The Shawshank Redemption is written and directed by Frank Darabont. It is an adaptation of the Stephen King novella Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption. Starring Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman, the film portrays the story of Andy Dufresne (Robbins), a banker who is sentenced to two life sentences at Shawshank State Prison for apparently murdering his wife and her lover. Andy finds it tough going but finds solace in the friendship he forms with fellow inmate Ellis "Red" Redding (Freeman). While things start to pick up when the warden finds Andy a prison job more befitting his talents as a banker. However, the arrival of another inmate is going to vastly change things for all of them.There was no fanfare or bunting put out for the release of the film back in 94, with a title that didn't give much inkling to anyone about what it was about, and with Columbia Pictures unsure how to market it, Shawshank Redemption barely registered at the box office. However, come Academy Award time the film received several nominations, and although it won none, it stirred up interest in the film for its home entertainment release. The rest, as they say, is history. For the film finally found an audience that saw the film propelled to almost mythical proportions as an endearing modern day classic. Something that has delighted its fans, whilst simultaneously baffling its detractors. One thing is for sure, though, is that which ever side of the Shawshank fence you sit on, the film continues to gather new fans and simply will never go away or loose that mythical status.It's possibly the simplicity of it all that sends some haters of the film into cinematic spasms. The implausible plot and an apparent sentimental edge that makes a nonsense of prison life, are but two chief complaints from those that dislike the film with a passion. Yet when characters are this richly drawn, and so movingly performed, it strikes me as churlish to do down a human drama that's dealing in hope, friendship and faith. The sentimental aspect is indeed there, but that acts as a counterpoint to the suffering, degradation and shattering of the soul involving our protagonist. Cosy prison life you say? No chance. The need for human connection is never more needed than during incarceration, surely? And given the quite terrific performances of Robbins (never better) & Freeman (sublimely making it easy), it's the easiest thing in the world to warm to Andy and Red.Those in support aren't faring too bad either. Bob Gunton is coiled spring smarm as Warden Norton, James Whitmore is heart achingly great as the "Birdman Of Shawshank," Clancy Brown is menacing as antagonist Capt. Byron Hadley, William Sadler amusing as Heywood & Mark Rolston is impressively vile as Bogs Diamond. Then there's Roger Deakins' lush cinematography as the camera gracefully glides in and out of the prison offering almost ethereal hope to our characters (yes, they are ours). The music pings in conjunction with the emotional flow of the movie too. Thomas Newman's score is mostly piano based, dovetailing neatly with Andy's state of mind, while the excellently selected soundtrack ranges from the likes of Hank Williams to the gorgeous Le Nozze di Figaro by Mozart.If you love Shawshank then it's a love that lasts a lifetime. Every viewing brings the same array of emotions - anger - revilement - happiness - sadness - inspiration and a warmth that can reduce the most hardened into misty eyed wonderment. Above all else, though, Shawshank offers hope - not just for characters in a movie - but for a better life and a better world for all of us. 10/10
10 In its Oscar year, Shawshank Redemption (written and directed by Frank Darabont, after the novella Rita Hayworth and the Shawshank Redemption, by Stephen King) was nominated for seven Academy Awards, and walked away with zero. Best Picture went to Forrest Gump, while Shawshank and Pulp Fiction were "just happy to be nominated." Of course hindsight is 20/20, but while history looks back on Gump as a good film, Pulp and Redemption are remembered as some of the all-time best. Pulp, however, was a success from the word "go," making a huge splash at Cannes and making its writer-director an American master after only two films. For Andy Dufresne and Co., success didn't come easy. Fortunately, failure wasn't a life sentence.After opening on 33 screens with take of $727,327, the $25M film fell fast from theatres and finished with a mere $28.3M. The reasons for failure are many. Firstly, the title is a clunker. While iconic to fans today, in 1994, people knew not and cared not what a 'Shawshank' was. On the DVD, Tim Robbins laughs recounting fans congratulating him on "that 'Rickshaw' movie." Marketing-wise, the film's a nightmare, as 'prison drama' is a tough sell to women, and the story of love between two best friends doesn't spell winner to men. Worst of all, the movie is slow as molasses. As Desson Thomson writes for the Washington Post, "it wanders down subplots at every opportunity and ignores an abundance of narrative exit points before settling on its finale." But it is these same weaknesses that make the film so strong.Firstly, its setting. The opening aerial shots of the prison are a total eye-opener. This is an amazing piece of architecture, strong and Gothic in design. Immediately, the prison becomes a character. It casts its shadow over most of the film, its tall stone walls stretching above every shot. It towers over the men it contains, blotting out all memories of the outside world. Only Andy (Robbins) holds onto hope. It's in music, it's in the sandy beaches of Zihuatanejo; "In here's where you need it most," he says. "You need it so you don't forget. Forget that there are places in the world that aren't made out of stone. That there's a - there's a - there's something inside that's yours, that they can't touch." Red (Morgan Freeman) doesn't think much of Andy at first, picking "that tall glass o' milk with the silver spoon up his ass" as the first new fish to crack. Andy says not a word, and losing his bet, Red resents him for it. But over time, as the two get to know each other, they quickly become the best of friends. This again, is one of the film's major strengths. Many movies are about love, many flicks have a side-kick to the hero, but Shawshank is the only one I can think of that looks honestly at the love between two best friends. It seems odd that Hollywood would skip this relationship time and again, when it's a feeling that weighs so much into everyone's day to day lives. Perhaps it's too sentimental to seem conventional, but Shawshank's core friendship hits all the right notes, and the film is much better for it.It's pacing is deliberate as well. As we spend the film watching the same actors, it is easy to forget that the movie's timeline spans well over 20 years. Such a huge measure of time would pass slowly in reality, and would only be amplified in prison. And it's not as if the film lacks interest in these moments. It still knows where it's going, it merely intends on taking its sweet time getting there. It pays off as well, as the tedium of prison life makes the climax that much more exhilarating. For anyone who sees it, it is a moment never to be forgotten.With themes of faith and hope, there is a definite religious subtext to be found here. Quiet, selfless and carefree, Andy is an obvious Christ figure. Warden Norton (Bob Gunton) is obviously modeled on Richard Nixon, who, in his day, was as close to a personified Satan as they come. But if you aren't looking for subtexts, the movie speaks to anyone in search of hope. It is a compelling drama, and a very moving film, perfectly written, acted and shot. They just don't come much better than this.OVERALL SCORE: 9.8/10 = A+ The Shawshank Redemption served as a message of hope to Hollywood as well. More than any film in memory, it proved there is life after box office. Besting Forrest and Fiction, it ran solely on strong word of mouth and became the hottest rented film of 1995. It currently sits at #2 in the IMDb's Top 250 Films, occasionally swapping spots with The Godfather as the top ranked film of all time -- redemption indeed. If you haven't seen it yet, what the hell are you waiting for? As Andy says, "It comes down a simple choice, really. Either get busy living, or get busy dying."
10 This movie is not your ordinary Hollywood flick. It has a great and deep message. This movie has a foundation and just kept on being built on from their and that foundation is hope.Other than just the message of this movie the acting was phenomenal. Tim Robbins gave one of the greatest performances ever. He was inspiring, intelligent and most of all positive. His performance just made me smile. Robbins plays Andy Dufresne who was wrongfully convicted of murdering his wife and her lover. He is gets to life sentences but yet never gives up hope. In he becomes friends with Ellis Boyd "Red" Redding played by Morgan Freeman. Freeman who gives the finest performance of his career has unlike Robbins lost hope. He is in deep regret of the crime that he committed. His way of deflecting the pain away is by trying to not feel anything at all. With his friendship with Andy he learns that without our hopes and dreams we have nothing. Andy also becomes friends with the rest of Red's group. James Whitmore also gave a great performance as Brooks Halten who gets out of prison parole but in the words of Red he has been "institutionalized". The directing by Frank Darabont was just magnificent. He kept this movie at a great steady pace along with the writing and great cinematography. He portrayed prison life in such a horrifying way, but not in terms of the physical pain but the stress and pain that wares mentally on the inmates, some of which deserve a second chance. Whatever you do, don't listen to the people who say this movie is overrated because this is one of the most inspiring and greatest movies ever. It has everything you could possibly want.
10 I'm trying to save you money; this is the last film title that you should consider borrowing. Renting Shawshank will cost you five bucks... just plunk down the $25 and own the title. You'll wind up going back to this gem time and time again. This is one of few movies that are truly timeless. And it's entertaining and moving, no matter how many times you view it.Forget about what others (including myself) might suggest you'll discover in "The Shawshank Redemption;" when you watch it, you'll identify something very personal in your own life with a scene, a character, or a moment in this uncomplicated movie. When you need hope, you'll look for Shawshank. When you want to believe in the will of overcoming even the greatest obstacles, Shawshank will uplift you in ways that you can't find in movies today. Some liken the film to some kind of spiritual awakening. Of course, some can go to a church or mosque to find enlightenment and Faith in humanity, but most places of worship are open only certain days or times. But when you need affirmation of the lasting bond of friendships that prevail over the most dire circumstances, Shawshank will give it to you. It makes grown men (like me) cry, still. I wonder whether Shawshank was truly meant for viewing in the privacy of the home, because it is a personal experience that really makes you look inward. Nominated for seven, this is the best film that never one a single Oscar. How ironic that an innocent man winds up being surrounded by the corruption of the legal system. Shawshank itself is similar to the character of Andy Dufresne. Prejudging this classic film, critics couldn't get past the title. The public followed suit, initially dismissing Shawshank, which failed in the box office just like "It's a Wonderful Life" and "Citizen Kane." It could have just whithered away on the store shelves, like Andy Dufresne could have in his own cell. But the characters prevailed, because Andy -- And Shawshank -- stayed true. Now, these movies are right up there as the most popular films of all time. Anyone who has yet to watch Shawshank may be so jaded of movies, or the film's title, or how a 2-1/2- hour movie set inside the walls of a prison can manage to tap the soul of such a wide range of people. Shawshank has not one explosion. I wonder if it even has a single special effect or digitally- enhanced frame. But every aspect of Shawshank fit together. The acting from the top to the bit part. The musical score. The editing. The photography. The story, from opening credits to final scene. All involved, including the town of Mansfield, Ohio (where Shawshank was actually filmed) played their roles perfectly. Shawshank is a must- see, must- own title.
10 One of the finest films made in recent years. It's a poignant story about hope. Hope gets me. That's what makes a film like this more than a movie. It tells a lesson about life. Those are the films people talk about 50 or even 100 years from you. It's also a story for freedom. Freedom from isolation, from rule, from bigotry and hate. Freeman and Robbins are majestic in their performances. Each learns from the other. Their relationship is strong and you feel that from the first moment they make contact with one another. There is also a wonderful performance from legend James Whitmore as Brooks.He shines when it is his time to go back into the world, only to find that the world grew up so fast he never even got a chance to blink. Stephen King's story is brought to the screen with great elegance and excitement. It is an extraordinary motion that people "will" be talking about in 50 or 100 years.
10 Misery and Stand By Me were the best adaptations up until this one, now you can add Shawshank to that list.This is simply one of the best films ever made and I know I am not the first to say that and I certainly won't be the last. The standing on the IMDb is a true barometer of that. #3 as of this date and I'm sure it could be number 1. So I'll just skip all the normal praise of the film because we all know how great it is. But let me perhaps add that what I find so fascinating about Shawshank is that Stephen King wrote it.King is one of the best writers in the world. Books like IT and the Castle Rock series are some of the greatest stories ever told. But his best adaptations are always done by the best directors. The Shining was brilliantly interpreted by Kubrick and of course the aforementioned Misery and Stand By Me are both by Rob Reiner. Now Frank Darabont comes onto the scene and makes arguably the best King film ever. He seems to understand what King wants to say and he conveys that beautifully. What makes this film one of the best ever made is the message it conveys. It is one of eternal hope. Andy Dufresne, played by Tim Robbins, has been sent to prison for a crime he did not commit. But he never loses hope. He never gives up his quest to become a free man again. His years of tenacity, patience and wits keep him not only sane, but it gives his mind and a spirit a will to live. This film has a different feel to it. There has never been anything like it before and I don't know if there will again.I'm not going to say any more about this film, it has already been said, but just suffice to say that I am glad that Forrest Gump won best picture in 94. I would have been equally glad if Pulp Fiction or Shawshank would have won. It is that good of a movie and one that will be appreciated for years to come.
10 It is no wonder that the film has such a high rating, it is quite literally breathtaking. What can I say that hasn't said before? Not much, it's the story, the acting, the premise, but most of all, this movie is about how it makes you feel. Sometimes you watch a film, and can't remember it days later, this film loves with you, once you've seen it, you don't forget.The ultimate story of friendship, of hope, and of life, and overcoming adversity.I understand why so many class this as the best film of all time, it isn't mine, but I get it. If you haven't seen it, or haven't seen it for some time, you need to watch it, it's amazing. 10/10.
10 Shawshank Redemption is without doubt one of the best films ever made, and definitely the best film of 1994. Yes, it is better than Lion King, and I really like that too. It is not only enthralling but powerful and moving too. I will confess that I didn't understand it when I first saw it as a lot happens in the film, and I have now seen it three times. I seriously hope, that those who ignored the film when it was first released now recognise it as a great film, as it really is. The dialogue was extremely well-written, with lines that really stick in your mind. The cinematography and music are both gorgeous, and the prison itself is like a character that dominates the film. In the script, there are some true elements of Stephen King Now I admit I am not a huge king fan, and usually don't like coarse language in books. But in his books like It, which is very good, I have accepted the language represents brutality and rebellion, shown perfectly in the film with the battle of acceptance I suppose between the inmates and the superiors(like the scene with the warden yelling coarse language at the new inmates lined up in a row at the beginning.)The acting was exceptional. I am not hugely familiar with Tim Robbins, but he did a great job in a very demanding role. The best performance however, comes from Morgan Freeman as Red, who was seriously robbed of that Oscar, that he lost to Tom Hanks for Forrest Gump. Freeman reminds me very strongly, or his style of acting does, remind me of that of Sean Connery, suave yet very charismatic. Acting isn't just about your vocal range, it's about depth, which was what Freeman certainly had. In short, Freeman was brilliant in what could be his best performance. The scene where the inmates are listening to the Mozart aria over the speakers was a beautiful profound moment, and I actually cried in Brook's death scene. Very rarely do King adaptations translate-to screen well, because of the large scale of the author's books, with the exception of this and the Shining. Some like It and Dreamcatcher are genuinely memorable but have a number of flaws that prevent them from being classed as outstanding. And some, like Thinner and Tommyknockers that border on unwatchable. In conclusion Shawshank is a brilliant film, that is worthy of the credit it has been denied for so-long. 10/10 of course. Bethany Cox.
9 If you like hopeful, surprising, never-seen-before characters, you will enjoy this amusing story of a family of prisoners victimized by the system and a Bible thumping pig.Robbins and Freeman, and everybody else, gives perfect performances for their characters. Their actions and body languages are perfect for this story and movie.
9 You have already watched this, right?
It is really easy to understand the love for this movie. I'll admit, when it comes to movie adaptations of books, the book is always better. How can it not be? You get way more detail than could be crammed into a two-hour movie. However, I still thoroughly enjoyed this adaptation. Yes, it does deviate from the short a little with character changes and omissions, but I don't think this film could have been any better. I am in line with the ten-star reviews that I'm seeing and the only reason I am not giving this parable for hope a ten myself is because I don't as a rule.
Hope, aspiration, fighting the system, justice and humanism against the tyranny of the mainstream society/religion. This is the film.
9 WHAT. A. MOVIEIt is just so well acted. You believe it all and want more of every single character!Clever, moralistic and entertaining.Hollywood has done very few consequential movies since (V For Vendetta, Captain Fantastic and perhaps Watchmen..) so grab this one if you have not watched it.
10 Based on a novella by Stephen King, this is better than even THE GREEN MILE and goes to show that you don't need supernatural elements in a prison story  the setting is enough to carry a film as it is. SHAWSHANK often shows up as the "best film of all time" on various movie lists - including here on the IMDb - and, whilst I don't necessarily agree about that, it is a very good film indeed, near flawless in fact.Every technical element of the film is spot-on, from direction to music, editing, and acting; Morgan Freeman delivers his best ever performance whilst Tim Robbins shows us what a great character actor he is. Even better, for a genre fan like me, is seeing acting favourites like Clancy Brown, William Sadler, Brian Libby, and James Whitmore all appearing in the film together and playing more than just stock good or bad guy roles. Every actor is great here, and the script (which sticks closely to King's writing) is nigh-on perfect. Emotion, thrills, drama, and the triumph of the human spirit are all present in this movie, which is one of the greatest prison flicks ever.
10 This is it.The film has it all. Superb actors, even better screenplay, fabulous redemptive conclusion and believe me when I insist with all of that said they did not forget the entertainment.Are there/will there ever be any other films like this?
10 Two imprisoned men (Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman) bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency.Is this the greatest film of all time? IMDb would have you believe so. Despite being a box office flop (that barely recouped its budget), the film received multiple award nominations and outstanding reviews from critics for its acting, story, and realism. It has since been successful on cable television, VHS, DVD, and Blu-ray.And it deserves this praise that seems to be growing each year. Now twenty years old, the film has not aged a day, and instead seems to be getting better. This is Tim Robbins' best role, and a fine performance from the always wonderful Morgan Freeman.
9 This is a great film. It is well constructed, the acting is superb and the characters are so likeable or in the case of the pigs so detestable.
9 This is the sole film in the world that is over 2 hours and yet I wanted another 2. The story, the acting, the sense of justice, the acting, the triumph of good but not in a linear manner, the acting and certainly the authentic feel of the era make this a justified masterpiece.Hollywood has lost the ability to make good films nowadays.Keep churning out the stand up comic Thor, Hollywood.
8 February 2001 I have never seen such an amazing film since I saw The Shawshank Redemption. Shawshank encompasses friendships, hardships, hopes, and dreams.  And what is so great about the movie is that it moves you, it gives you hope.  Even though the circumstances between the characters and the viewers are quite different, you don't feel that far removed from what the characters are going through.It is a simple film, yet it has an everlasting message.  Frank Darabont didn't need to put any kind of outlandish special effects to get us to love this film, the narration and the acting does that for him.  Why this movie didn't win all seven Oscars is beyond me, but don't let that sway you to not see this film, let its ranking on the IMDb's top 250 list sway you, let your friends recommendation about the movie sway you.Set aside a little over two hours tonight and rent this movie.  You will finally understand what everyone is talking about and you will understand why this is my all time favorite movie.
10 The Shawshank Redemption is without a doubt one of the most brilliant movies I have ever seen. Similar to The Green Mile in many respects (and better than it in almost all of them), these two movies have shown us that Stephen King is a master not only of horror but also of prose that shakes the soul and moves the heart. The plot is average, but King did great things with it in his novella that are only furthered by the direction, and the acting is so top-rate it's almost scary.Tim Robbins plays Andy Dufrane, wrongly imprisoned for 20 years for the murder of his wife. The story focuses on Andy's relationship with "Red" Redding (Morgan Freeman, in probably his best role) and his attempts to escape from Shawshank. Bob Gunton is positively evil and frightening as Warden Norton, and there are great performances and cameos all around; the most prominent one being Gil Bellows (late as Billy of Ally McBeal) as Tommy, a fellow inmate of Andy's who suffers under the iron will of Norton.If you haven't seen this movie, GO AND RENT IT NOW. You will not be disappointed. It is positively the best movie of the '90's, and one of my Top 3 of all time. This movie is a spectacle to move the mind, soul, and heart. 10/10
10 Can Hollywood, usually creating things for entertainment purposes only, create art?  To create something of this nature, a director must approach it in a most meticulous manner, due to the delicacy of the process.  Such a daunting task requires an extremely capable artist with an undeniable managerial capacity and an acutely developed awareness of each element of art in their films, the most prominent; music, visuals, script, and acting. These elements, each equally important, must succeed independently, yet still form a harmonious union, because this mixture determines the fate of the artist's opus.  Though already well known amongst his colleagues for his notable skills at writing and directing, Frank Darabont emerges with his feature film directorial debut, The Shawshank Redemption.  Proving himself already a master of the craft, Darabont managed to create one of the most recognizable independent releases in the history of Hollywood.  The Shawshank Redemption defines a genre, defies the odds, compels the emotions, and brings an era of artistically influential films back to Hollywood.The story begins with the trial of a young banker, Andy Dufrense, victimized by circumstantial evidence, resulting in a conviction for the murder of his wife and her lover.  After a quick conviction, Andy finds himself serving a life sentence at Shawshank prison, with no hope of parole.  He exists in this prison only in appearance, keeping his mind free from the drab walls around him.  His ability to do this results in the gaining of respect from his fellow inmates, but most of all from Ellis Redding.  Ellis, commonly referred to as Red, finds gainful use of his entrepreneurial spirit within the drab walls of Shawshank by dealing in contraband and commodities rare to the confines of prison.  Andy's demeanor and undeniable sense of hope causes Red to take a deeper look at himself, and the world around him.  Andy proves to Red and the other inmates that in the conventional walls of Shawshank prison convention will find no home in his lifestyle.By creating the film's firm foundation, the meticulously chiseled screenplay paved the way for this film's success.  Frank Darabont outdoes himself with the phenomenal adaptation of Stephen King's equally noteworthy novella, Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption.  In this novella, King demonstrates that he can break free from the genre he dominates and still create a marvelous piece of modern literature.  Though the film mirrors the novella in many ways, Darabont illustrates a focused objective of improving upon the areas where the novella came up short, resulting in one of the best book to film transitions ever.While maintaining some of the poetic and moving dialogue of the novella, Darabont also proves that a film's score can generate a great deal of emotional response from its audience, as dialogue does.  He employs the cunning Thomas Newman, son of the legendary Hollywood composer, Alfred Newman.  Darabont shows recognition for the film's needs by employing Newman, who makes the gentle piano chords whisper softly to the viewer, as if a part of the scripted dialogue.  Newman lends himself to individualism and tends to drive more towards the unique in the realm of score composition.  His effort in Shawshank did not go unnoticed, as his score received an Oscar nomination in 1995.  While unique and independent, Newman's score never once intrudes on your concentration or distracts from the film.With work from vast array of talented scene designers, costume designers, composers, cinematographers, and various other Hollywood artists, the cast of The Shawshank Redemption had a strong foundation to work with.  The marvelous cast of this film will dazzle you with some of the most convincing performances you will witness in a film.  While both Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman shine as Andy and Red, respectively, the true spectacle of acting lies within the plethora of amazing supporting actors who easily disappear into their roles.  Most noticeable of these, the veteran film star James Whitmore, who portrays the elderly Brooks Hatlen.  Brooks, a man incarcerated for an unmentioned crime for so long that he finds himself attached to the Shawshank and the daily life he has lead.  Each of these actors show a true dedication to their art, and a focused purpose in their motivations, creating a convincing setting that never once caters to anything unbelievable.With all of the aesthetic touches and attention to cinematic detail, the most beautiful part of the film lies within its thematic material, such as its focus on the human desires for the most abstract concepts, like hope and freedom.  These themes, which concern things the human spirit undoubtedly yearns for, seem so intricately woven into the plot that it easily draws its audience in to its story.  Though full of hardened criminals, your heart will go out to these men as they display the most basic of human emotions, and deliver some of the most quotable lines in a film to date.  Like a great novel, this film manages to succeed at greater things than simply entertaining an audience.  Darabont tells his story most masterfully, illustrating principles and inspiring his audience to think.  He leaves us a poignant film with a powerful message of hope, and redemption, something we all seek.This film manages to redeem Hollywood in the eyes of people who feared it long lost in a dark sea of clichs and predictability.  Darabont shows us that artists still work in the Hollywood studios and production facilities. These artists show their capability to produce art; real art that inspires you to look at the deeper aspects of life and the world around you.  The Shawshank Redemption delivers much-needed breath of fresh air for anyone who realizes the capability of film.  It proves that masters of the craft still live on this earth, and still bless us with timeless masterpieces that we will never forget.
10 Whenever I talk about this movie with my friends, I do not even refer to it by title, but rather as "The Movie".  When I say "The Movie", my friends know exactly what I'm talking about.  In fact the main reason that me and my friends don't refer to it by title is because this movie is so great, that we do not feel worthy enough to say it's name in vain! I still remember the first time I saw The Shawshank Redemption.  Some friends of mine and I went to see it at one of those "Budget Theaters" over the summer of 1995.  None of us really knew anything about the movie, but we had heard that it was pretty good.  So, not having any real expectations, we saw it.  When the final credits rolled and the lights came on in the theater, all of us just sat there with our jaws hanging down on the floor. I turned my head towards my friend Bob and said "That was the greatest movie I have ever seen in my entire life!" There's really no other way I can put it in words.  Every moment of this movie captivated me and inspired me to believe in the one true thing in life...... "HOPE".  This movie is sad, uplifting, inspiring, harsh, cold, funny (at the right times), jaw-dropping, and heart-warming all at the same time.  I get chills every time I watch this film and this film contains the greatest ending (which takes place over the last 30 minutes or so)in movie history!  How it all just "comes together" is so incredible and uplifting. I should also mention the music in this movie is nearly flawless as well, and the soundtrack is a "must buy" for any music fan. The only bad thing about this movie is the fact that I know I will never see a better movie, no matter how many I may see.  I've seen many movies over the past few years, many excellent films.  However, every time I walk out of the theater, I turn to my friend or family member that I saw it with and I say, "That was a great movie, but it wasn't nearly as good as 'you know what'!"  There have been many movies over the past few years that thought would really move me or that I might one day call my "favorite of all time", but they've all fallen far short of "The Shawshank Redemption". So, if you have yet to see this movie, please run to the video store immediately.  You're guaranteed to find it in the "employee picks" section. And if it isn't in that section, then you should tell the employees there that there is something seriously wrong with them.  If you have seen this movie, go see it again.  If you haven't bought your own copy yet, buy one. In fact buy two, and put one in a fire-proof safe, just in case of an emergency. :o) So, you want a 1-10 rating???  I give it a 13!!!!!!
9 None of the usual otherworld creatures that populate the works of Stephen King are to be found in The Shawshank Redemption. But the real world of that Maine prison has some bizarre rules of its own and there's a whole new reality within those walls.In the tradition of Cool Hand Luke and Birdman Of Alcatraz comes Tim Robbins who was a banker on the outside, but when he caught his wife cheating on him with a golf pro from their country club, he's convicted of putting eight bullets in them, four apiece and tried and sentenced to two consecutive life terms in Shawshank prison. Like Luke and Bob Stroud he works out his own rehabilitation and rebels against the prison system.He may be a con, but Robbins still has all his knowledge of finances and pretty soon he's made himself quite invaluable to the warden and the rest of the staff at the prison. At the same time he and the cell block scrounger Morgan Freeman develop a close personal relationship. In the end they beat the system in a most unique way.There have been some classic prison films made ever since The Big House at the dawn of the talkies. Two I've already mentioned. My favorite prison film is Robert Redford's Brubaker, but The Shawshank Redemption comes pretty close. As does The Green Mile which was also directed by Frank Darabont.Darabont got an Oscar nomination as did the film itself and as did Morgan Freeman for Best Actor. The Shawshank Redemption was in for a flock more Oscar nominations in 1994. A couple other good performances are that of James Whitmore the institutionalized con who is there for 50 years and paroled and just can't make it on the outside. He will break your heart as will Gil Bellows who plays a fresh, but rather likable young con who runs afoul of the warden.Speaking of which Bob Gunton as the warden will positively chill you with his corruption. You would have to go back all the way to the James Cagney classic, The Mayor Of Hell where Dudley Digges was the warden of boys reformatory to find a warden that is as sanctimonious and as corrupt as Gunton. This is a man who gives Bibles out to each inmate hoping that the reading of the Good Book will improve the moral fiber of the convicts. At the same time he's raking in money every which way he can and a rather special punishment is meted out to him by Robbins.The Shawshank Redemption may not have monsters and other worldly creatures that normally characterize a Stephen King story. But the world of Shawshank prison is bizarre enough for any normal person if you see this wonderfully crafted and acted film.
9 It is a great piece of film making and a story of hope. Justice is done at the end. I also recommend you watch Female Prisoner Scorpion.
10 I've lost count of the number of times I have seen this movie, but it is more than 20. It has to be one of the best movies ever made. It made me take notice Morgan Freeman and Tim Robbins like I had never noticed any actors before.I have from a very young age been a huge fan of anything Stephen King writes and had already read the short story that this movie is based on years prior to seeing this movie.Not everything Stephen King has written that gets turned into a movie comes out well, but this is as close to perfection as it gets and has everything you could ever want in a movie.Something that is outstanding is the fact that it has no real action, no special effects and no gimmicks. 99% of the movie is just men in a prison uniforms talking. Yet it absolutely hooks you almost from the beginning and has you glued to the screen to the end.For me what really makes this film one of the best is the message of eternal hope it conveys throughout. The never ever give up hope attitude of the main character so well conveyed by Tim Robbins. The ending is just spine tingling every time I see it, no matter how many times I have seen it.Brilliant, brilliant movie and a must see for everyone.
2 December 2008 Shawshank Redemption, The (1994)**** (out of 4)An innocent man (Tim Robbins) is sent to prison on murder charges and once there he bonds with another man (Morgan Freeman) serving a life sentence. I remember seeing this when it was first released to theaters and walking out thinking it was a masterpiece but apparently others couldn't be bothered to see it since the box office results were very low and it was out of theaters in no time. Over the years the reputation of this film has grown and as I write this it's currently #1 at IMDb. I certainly wouldn't call this the greatest film ever made but it's certainly one of them. I think it's an insult to call this a prison movie because it's so much more than that. This is a film about friendship and hope. Those are two things that have played major parts in many movies but I can't think of too many films where the payoff is as large. What makes the film work so well is that director Durabont takes his time telling a story that takes place over twenty years. Another wonderful thing the director does is that he really makes the twenty years pass on a believable manor. Most films that jump time feel cheap and rushed but that's not the case here because the wonderful screenplay lets us get to know the two main character but also the supporting characters are very well written. What really brings this magic to life are the performances, which are downright brilliant and I'd argue that you can see some of the greatest ensemble acting right in this film. Robbins and Freeman are terrific together and really make for one of the most memorable friendships in movie history. The way Robbins walks and talks is perfectly done and I just love the way, as Freeman says in his narration, he walks around as if he didn't have a care in the world. Freeman gives another wonderful performance but what's really great about him is the narration he adds as he tells us the story. James Whitmore is terrific as the elderly convict and Clancy Brown and Bob Gunton make for excellent villains. I won't spoil the ending for anyone but the final twenty-minutes are at times breathtaking in their beauty and it's message of hope rings louder than most movies.
8 I did not expect that, this was chosen literally for convenience, I'd seen the trailers, and didn't think I'd enjoy it, it is so good. I'm sometimes hard to please with films, but this is definitely worth seeing. It's bonkers, it's crazy, but it's funny, and actually pretty moving at times, a more heart warming film then you'd think it would be.Some pretty amazing special effects, it is never boring at any stage.Ryan Reynolds is terrific, and fans if his will appreciate him being here, he's great, as is Comer.I didn't expect it to be this good, 8/10.
9 I reckon the future may hold a game like this for us ... where the AI is so developed, that NPC (non playable characters) live their own life in games, make their own decisions and so forth. Having Ryan Reynolds starring in this ... well it is a genius move to say the least. I called it the Ryan Reynolds show and I'm quite certain no matter if you like this or not, in this regard you will agree with me.Having said that, there are other characters who give it their all, especially our female protagonist. Her counterpart in the real world is as overdrawn as he can be ... Taika does a really good job ... he is actually more comically and one sided that most of the characters in the game he developed ... well others did for him.And then you have the ally in the real world ... a good guy who has to be convinced and who has to come around ... and who you may never feel as much sympathy for as you did for Ryan Reynolds. Even when you figured the "twist" in his character and where the story leads ... apart from the revealing a scam thing.Having said all that, the movie boosts a lot of cameos "in game" and also real world ... has references galore (not just to GTA and apparently Fortnite, have not played the latter yet, but also to movies and persons/movie characters/franchises)! This can be so much fun if you spot them - not sure how some will play out in say a hundred years ... but you can never tell or guess the impact of something like that.The movie is insane and a lot of fun and has even a moral message in it of sorts. You can detect some philosophical ideas in it too ... what is life and all that. But the main thing and the surface are there to entertain you ... so be entertained and have fun with this!
8 This video is ridiculous but in a good way. There isn't a single thing that makes sense and that's why it's perfect. From the countless quotes to the characters' rambling behaviors, everything leads to situations outside the norm and for this very reason it makes you laugh.The protagonist is an NPC who does not know he is and falls in love with a player who does not know that he is an NPC. The problems of understanding between the two start immediately but Guy quickly adapts becoming a crazy splinter for the company that manages the servers. Quite obvious ending with the final battle against a video game villain and love story with a happy ending, but everything is handled in such a way as to always leave you on the verge of bursting out laughing.Among the countless quotes I found references to Inception, The Matrix, The Truman Show, John Carpenter's They Live, Avengers, Star Wars, Fortnite and Pop culture in general. In this movie the creators really enjoyed inserting references to the most diverse movies with remarkable results.
9 One glance at FREE GUY, the newest big budget offering from Hollywood's favorite action-star/comedy master Ryan Reynolds, will cause most to approach with valid skepticism. The plot seems like a cheap knockoff of films like Ready Player One or even The Matrix, but made in a crude fashion to make more money at the box office. The actual movie, however, could not be further from the worst estimates. Not only is FREE GUY constantly hilarious due to Reynolds and an inventive screenplay, and not only is this possibly the feel-good event of the summer, but it also has a considerable amount of thought put into the meaning of its premise and places a mirror in front of modern-day video game culture.To put it simply, perhaps the main reason this movie comes together so well is because of Ryan Reynolds' constant charisma and hilarity. Most of his dialogue is clearly either written by him or created by him on the spot (I have no idea how he hasn't received a screenwriting credit for this and the Deadpool movies), and the film is that much better as a whole because of it. He also interacts with the other actors in the film very well, including Jodie Comer and Joe Keery, two underrated actors who prove here that they aren't just one-time stars from their respective television shows (Killing Eve and Stranger Things). The ensemble combines to create the most consistently funny movie of 2021 so far.However, this movie isn't just hilarity and crazy antics, although it could easily get by on those aspects alone. FREE GUY has tons of heart and authenticity despite its virtual reality-based plot, and is about very human emotions such as disillusionment, the feeling of being trapped, and, of course, love. There are times where the heartwarming aspects of this film resemble a charming romantic comedy and others where it gets so existential that it almost feels like The Truman Show. It never dives quite as deep as the latter film, but the fact that it even has the guts to include these themes made this easygoing big-budget movie a far better watch for me. Sure, the last thirty minutes are very cheesy and contain a lot of clichs, but the buildup is so solid that it earns some dumb rom-com moments near the end.FREE GUY is worth going to see because it is one of the few quality films right now that increases one's faith in human nature. Lately I feel as though I have lost my faith in humanity with all that is happening in the world, so it is refreshing to get a movie that feels confident in the human experience. Maybe I'm looking too deep into the message of FREE GUY and maybe it was conceived just so Ryan Reynolds could screw around for two hours, but either way the price of admission is well worth it for an amazing time at the theater.A-
8 Blue shirt Guy (Ryan Reynolds) is an NPC that does the same thing everyday. When he sees a female player he goes out of character to meet her. It seems the program has an AI algorithm that allows the characters to develop. This turns his world upside down.There have been films with characters in games interacting with humans. Tron was the forerunner to all of this. There were numerous low budget films and who didn't fall in love with "Glitch." This film was fresh and funny. And like all great films, it was also a love story.
8 Ryan Reynolds is guy, a NPC living in the game Free City. He met Jodie Comer's character and discovers things about his world. There's also a real life part of the film, with Joe Keery, Jodie Comer again, and Taika Watiti.These are all great names. And with amazing direction, an original idea and great execution is what makes Free Guy such an endlessly entertaining film.This is a short review because i want to let you see it yourself and be amazed by how good Free Guy actually is.Did I enjoy it? Yes. Is it a flawless masterpiece? Maybe not. Did I smile throughout the whole film just because how fun it is? Hell yeah.
4 'Free Guy (2021)' feels as though it's been made by people who have never actually played a video-game. It's the cinematic equivalent of those pre-rendered mobile game adverts that pretend to present gameplay but don't actually represent the game they're trying to sell at all. Though there are a couple of interesting ideas centred around the A. I. that makes Reynold's Guy able to go against his code, the piece just doesn't do anything with them. It doesn't really make sense and there's no semblance of cohesion or believability to the game that makes up most of its runtime. I mean, who is 'Free City' for and what do you do in it? It's not PvP from the looks of it, but everyone freaks out when an NPC actually presents a challenge to a player. God forbid a player gets killed by an enemy in a game, right? However, the fact that it lacks a proper sense of logic isn't its biggest issue, although it is undeniably irritating that a movie which is supposed to celebrate video-games clearly doesn't understand them and also partakes in the kind of banal 'gamer' stereotyping that perforates pretty much every piece of traditional media about the subject. No, the biggest issue is that, for me, it simply isn't fun. It's quite the opposite, usually. The amount of cringeworthy moments are nearly innumerable and its message is incredibly hypocritical considering that it lambasts big-budget games which are fuelled by mindless chaos and exist only to make money from a target audience that their developers clearly don't respect but it's a big-budget movie which is fuelled by mindless chaos and exists only to make money from a target audience that its creators clearly don't respect. Ryan Reynold's on-screen persona, which is essentially the same in every comedic film in which he appears, is also incredibly annoying and does the opposite of elicit laughter. There are some relatively impressive visual effects - even though nothing feels tangible and one or two are actually rather disturbing - and there are a couple of action sequences which are relatively well put together. However, the overall experience is just dull, despite all of its in-your-face noise. It's just such a corporate attempt, a movie designed by committee. It also has some incredibly disconcerting fan service, the sort that seems to be replacing actual content more and more these days. Sadly, a lot of people seem to be lapping it up. Of course, if you enjoy this film, then good for you; I'm not saying you shouldn't. I'm simply saying I don't. Despite the occasional highlight, it's an uninteresting and uninspired affair overall. 4/10.
8 This movie was much better than I expected. It was enjoyable throughout, paced well, and cast exceptionally. The major strength of this movie is in how damn likeable this cast is. I'm not sure anyone could have done this other than Ryan Reynolds. I'd recommend a watch.
4 Thought this looked alright, but was in 2 minds as to whether I should go see it or not as it did look some what weird & wacky.The film follows Guy, an NPC (Non Playable Character) living a controlled life in Free City (A Game Universe) in a Video Game under the same name. It is then that Guy starts to break free from the programmed life he's been living & starts to develop his own actions, feelings etc. However, he, the people & the whole city are under threat from permanent deletion as the game's sequel is going to take over & eradicate the original game, Guy must then fight to escape before he's pixels.I found the film, story wise & graphics wise pretty good, not to mention unique & different, well it mean it did after watching suddenly occur to me that it was a modern version of The Truman Show, the concept was the same & similar. There's plenty of action scenes, eye candy & some interesting rom-com stuff going on.However, the treatment of men in this film was bad, not to mention the snide dialogue added in for good measure from Hollywood as with films of this day & age typically do, it was highly unnecessary & uncalled for. Not to mention the stereotypes & cliches regarding gamers & of course, the runtime at 108 minutes & the pacing being too long.Aside from that it was alright, but nothing amazing. I'd say it's pretty overrated for what it is & not exactly a great film.4/10.
7 Guy (Ryan Reynolds) is a bank teller and Buddy (Lil Rel Howery) is his best friend. He's actually an NPC (non-player character) in Free City, an online video game. He goes through every day doing the same thing and getting robbed multiple times. One day, he spots Molotovgirl (Jodie Comer) and his world view expands. In the real world, she is Millie suing Antwan (Taika Waititi) for stealing her code. She is in the game trying to find proof of that theft.It's a good idea but it's Ryan Reynolds who makes this good. He is the fun guy. He makes this fun. I do have a couple of problems with the movie. The security guy at the secret stash should be an NPC. At that point in the story, he should start convincing the other NPCs to help him outside of their programming. Also, there's no reason why the evidence is stashed in a room in the game. I get that it makes it easier but it makes no sense. All that is a little besides the point, it's Reynolds and he's the fun guy.
1 And on top of following a stolen idea, it follows a pretty typical Hollywood "comedy" recipe - a guy who's a goofball, a woman who's a bAdAsS aNd ToUGh, a whole lot of action that's not always complimented by the best CGI...Oh and all the "gamers" in this movie are women and little girls, because that's definitely the majority who plays online shooters.Of course, when it's time to insult the players, they're conveniently called "sociopathic MANchilds" though. The previously-shown sociopathic women and girls were conveniently forgotten in order to insult only the men and boys. :)Also there's a female NPC prostitute who says: "I don't have to be with any guy, most of them are awful, exactly right!"Also some girl of course coded some amazing AI and is the "brains" behind everything, and the most upstanding person in the movie, while her boyfriend acts and is treated like a doormat "in her shadow".Also "white privilege", "patriarchy" and "male virginity" were some of the generic out-of-touch corporate pandering buzzwords randomly thrown in for good (pandering) measure.Because you know, again, this movie knows how to pander at all costs, and insulting men and shoving in corporate faux feminism is top-tier Hollywood pandering.And there's a bunch of real-world kid-popular YouTubers and e-thots in this movie, despite the fact that it's a movie with heavy swearing and clearly not for kids, because Disney / 20th Century Studios know children will see it anyways (and the studios want that, the movie was designed to attract children). Yes, Disney is at the core of this movie, so you shouldn't be at all surprised at how plagiarized and toxic it really is.But yeah keep eating it up, over and over again. Keep being oblivious like the NPCs in this movie. Consume, be stupid, gullible, susceptible to pandering like Disney and Hollywood wants you to be. Don't ever stand up and clap back. Dislike everyone who does. Keep encouraging with your money the worst possible future for yourself and your kids.
6 One of the biggest problems with movies these days are trailers. I say that because, well, it sort of kills some of the massive twists that could make the film much better. For instance, having a twists that Guy happens to be an NPC in a online shootem-up would have been pretty good. Then again, I'm not entirely sure if it would have worked out all that well anyway considering that the plot ended up being pretty predictable, and that we were accused of spoilers when in reality we have just pretty much figured out what was going on.As the trailer points out, Guy happens to be this NPC in an online shootem-up, and he meets this character that he falls in love with. It turns out that the character is actually a PC, and in fact there is more to this character than meets the eye. The thing is that the world is going to be shut down because the company that is running the game wants to upgrade it to a new release, however, as I suggested, something has happened in this version which means they have to fight against having the game shut down.It was suggested that this film was a cross between The Truman Show, and The Lego Movie, with a number of other things thrown in as well. Actually, this whole idea of living within a world oblivious to the fact that people are watching you is very much like the Truman Show, except that since Guy happens to be an NPC, nobody really pays all that much attention to him, that is until he decides to start leveling up.This is the catch, because apparently NPCs aren't supposed to do that, only players, however he manages to get his hands on a pair of glasses that reveals the reality of the world around him. However, as I suggested, he actually isn't supposed to do that, so how is it that an NPC is not only able to kill a PC, but also steal the PC's glasses. Well, that comes out eventually, but the thing is that it is pretty easy to actually work out once you know what is going on.Still, I did rather like this film, even though it wasn't anything that was necessarily original. One thing that it does is that it explores the nature of reality, and also the nature of consciousness (which has probably given a little bit too much away). Then again, this film doesn't dig too much into many of these issues, namely because it is a fairly light hearted film. On the other hand, especially with regards to the nature of reality, there is a lot of Trumanesque in this film.I thought it was fun, and enjoyable, but then again it is Ryan Reynolds, and I don't mind the odd Ryan Reynolds film, though he can be a little dry at times. Mind you, the innocence of Guy, and also the fact that he goes around doing good in a game that is a less raunchy version of GTA, is rather interesting. Of course, watching all of the violence going on behind the scenes while the NPCs simply wander around isn't too bad, which does sort of sets it apart from the other movies that I have mentioned, however, I can't really say that it is all that original.Hey, at least the Lego Movie left the big reveal until right at the end.
8 You don't have to understand game to watch this one, but if you do, this movie can be more fun.It was hilarious all the way till the end, so it make some 'serious' scene feels more sharp at the other hand. Nothing can be seriously wrong about this movie, and that's good.
7 For the first 20 or so minutes of "Free Guy" I was enthralled. As I watched the film on HBO Max, I called my wife over the watch and we both laughed and enjoyed the film. However, as the film progressed the movie lost some of its momentum...and this slowed to a crawl later in the movie. Why? Well, the same problem with "Free Guy" is the same with "Pokmon Detective Pikachu" (incidentally, both starring the likable Ryan Reynolds)....plot. Or, more like it, too much plot. Both films did great jobs world building but after that, they both seemed to insist too much on a plot involving a baddie...which is very formulaic but also reduced the magic from the story. I would have rather seen more of the exciting world in both...and less baddies.The story is an odd one...one that is similar to combining "The Truman Show", "Pokmon Detective Pikachu", "They Live", and an online game that plays a bit like "Grand Theft Auto"! And, the main character, Guy (Reynolds), is an NPC (a non-player character) in a massive world created for online gamers. However, something odd happens.... Guy begins to develop consciousness...and it is driven home when he dons a pair of sunglasses. Suddenly, he can see power ups, health power ups and more! What's next? Well, a baddie...and one whose motivations were vague.Overall, the film is still worth watching...it's good. But the momentum which is going so fast when the film begins just can't be maintained through the course of the film.By the way, there are no extra scenes. When the movie ends and the end titles begins, the story is over...just in case you're tempted to keep watching.
6 Taika Waititi didn't nail down the villain character well enough, instead of evil ideas he went with "who cares", including every dialogue piece. So he breaks the 4th wall from fake acting when ever he speaks. His supporting characters come across patronising for no reason.The other two main good characters are young and haven't developed their own personality - they mostly smile and say all the right things. Sometimes posing in hero shots, sometimes smoothly arguing with volume for no reason. - Totally the opposite of calm collected rebels letting off steam, which is what the Players in the game are about.If you watch it for Reynolds, his character's best friend, and the CGI, it's worth it.
4 Heard good things about this movie but in the end it just ended up being very average.Will be forgotten by the end of the year.
7 I did play GTA III on the PS2 many years ago. So the free wheeling world of Free Guy had some familiarity.From the initial scenes where it is noticeable mainly due to lack of product placement and branding. Guy (Ryan Reynolds) a bank teller, Buddy (Lil Rel Howery) the bank security guard live in a virtual world.Guy realizes that he is actually an NPC (non player character) in Free City, an online video game. His artificial intelligence kicks in when he meets Molotovgirl (Jodie Comer.)In the real world, Millie (Jodie Comer) is suing software developer Antwan (Taika Waititi) for stealing the code developed by her and Keys (Joe Keery.)Somewhere in the game is the evidence that Antwan is the software thief.Free Guy is an action comedy that relies on the effortless charm of Reynolds. It riffs movies like Ready Player One, Truman Show even The Matrix.Disney who now owns 20th Century Studios even mine their properties ranging from Marvel to Star Wars which is also reminiscent of Ready Player One.It is a fun movie, although I'm sure Keys could had mentioned to his fellow workers much earlier that Antwan was a heel who had stolen the code.
4 Ryan Reynolds is Guy who doesn't realise he's a background player (NPC) in a violent video game owned by Taika Waititi who in fact stole much of its workings from Jodie Comer and Joe Kerry. Comer's avatar teams up with Guy and real Comer and Kerry unite to bring Waititi down.Big, loud and spectacular - this has some enjoyable set pieces and the 2 leads are engaging and deliver witty performances. It is though an unrestrained mess full of endless impressive effects that ultimately win out in the battle with the story which is pretty slight. Like a cross between Ready Player One and The Truman Show, but not as much fun and accessible as the first nor as touching or real as the latter.
5 Parts of this were okay, with a few good gags and a premise that had potential, but it's overloaded with stupidity, needless youtuber and twitch streamer cameos, and a plot that isn't followed through on. Yeah it's cribbed from better sources, but it's not the worst thing ever despite being largely meh. Needed a bit more thought put into the overall concept but for what it was, it was okay.
1 People come up with a nice story.They decide to make of movie out of it.Then to make things look even better, they inject the script with the usual, not-so-subtle anymore Hollywood ideology.Not knowing it, you decide to give this movie a try.And after a few minutes watching the movie you have to leave the theather because you feel like vomiting.You know what I am talking about, right?Yes, Free Guy is one of these movies.Everything has become so toxic (I am using a word Hollywood loves) that even doing something simple as watching a movie is not possible anymore.I should have stayed home and watered my plants, it would be more rewarding.
1 Great for kids and preteens. Not so great if you have a brain or are an adult. It's mindless over the top ridiculous nonsense. It's not even funny.. everyone i went with didn't like it and wanted our money back. Hard pass on this lame cringe.
4 Total disappointment. After so many good reviews, I went to this with high expectations and it didn't deliver at all.90% of the jokes didn't land; Ryan Reynolds is the same as in every other film, nothing special, nothing new; I'm still trying to find out that great actress called Jodie Comer, as - again - I find her really unnatural and forced; Lil Rel Howery looks like a male version of Tiffany Haddish, doing the black role white people like; a very childish approach with a pathetic romance and really lame situations...Well, at least I liked the world created, most of the effects and Taika's role. Unfortunately, I think that's all. Ah, Dude was funny. A bit.
5 There's been a long and storied history of bad video game movies, movies that tried to recapture the magic of pixelated form into something that was going to keep fans and newbies alike happy but for one reason or another failed in their mission to turn gaming greatness into a film of quality.In what is a major win for the film, Shawn Levy's Free Guy thankfully does an amazing job of capturing the video game magic that many gamers feel when they log into their game/system of choice and enter into a world that provides endless hours of entertainment and there's no denying that when Free Guy is focused more around its video game origins this is one of the most enjoyable Hollywood films of the season but sadly the film is lumped with a trite plot line that feels like a poor man's Truman Show, one that takes away from all the chaotic fun it had at its disposal.Creating yet another chance for its star Ryan Reynolds to bring out his Deadpool act for a more wider ranging audience, Free Guy see's the content to coast along actor bring NPC (non playable character) Guy to life as his happy go lucky bank teller finds out his idyllic yet repetitive life is in fact nothing but a program for a game he is only just made aware of and is very much a part of, its a familiar set up in a colorful and chaotic world yet while it roars along for the first act, Free Guy sadly becomes a lame and tiresome love/life affirming journey that in many instances is too preachy where it should have been pure sugar coated silliness.There's moments within the film that are exactly what the doctor ordered, Guy waltzing the streets for the first time with the game around him made alive or a hilarious fight with a quickly programed muscle clad opponent ("catchphrase") are brilliantly staged and inventive but Guy's awkward romance with Jodie Comer's Molotov Girl/Millie is not what the film needed, especially when billed alongside the films insistence on providing life lessons or by somehow making Taika Waititi utterly unfunny and annoying as he gets little too do as the films shoehorned in villain Antwan.Never the most original of directors, you wish a director with more willingness to stray from the usual had perhaps brought Free Guy to life other than Levy, while the action and spectacle is all on point, there's something wrong with what Free Guy wants to be and what it ends up becoming, a mix of brilliant video game to life moments lost in a terrible story with a bunch of characters and happenings that are instantly forgettable.Final Say -A frustrating experience that does a lot right bringing the video game culture to cinema but also a lot poorly when it comes to story and characters, Free Guy has some fantastic components caught up in a generic ride that isn't worth a second thought.2 1/2 boiled turkeys out of 5.
8 I entered the movie expecting to laugh out loud, and I did. Ryan Reynolds and Taika Waititi are comedic geniuses. What I didn't expect is the great chemistry between Ryan and Jodie Comer. Their relationship carried the movie.Also, the trailer and the first act made us believe that it's the generic "we live in a simulation" movie like many others. But, as we progress, the movie becomes its own thing. And it's fantastic.
1 Is this what constitutes as a movie these days? Honestly the worst thing that Ryan's been in...ever. Green Lantern was more enjoyable than this trife.
8 About ten months before the release of "Ghostbusters: Afterlife", and without any knowledge whatsoever that a belated sequel was in production, I re-watched the 1984 original for the first time in 25 years, and together with own kids (aged six and ten). Needless to say, my offspring wasn't the least bit impressed with special effects from the early eighties, and to be totally honest, I found that my childhood favorite had badly dated as well.My biggest regret was that I couldn't pass on that magical feeling of "discovering" the world of horror, monsters, F/X, and ectoplasm! But when we saw publicity for the brand new "Ghostbusters: Afterlife" on television, it were my children who spontaneously asked if we could go and see it on the big screen. So, yes, with a slight delay they experienced how I felt when I saw "Ghostbusters" for the first time. And I felt 9 years old again, myself.Undoubtedly the best thing that could have happened to the franchise, especially after the flopped 2016-remake, was a return to the roots. The story links straight back to the original, the beloved protagonists show up (albeit briefly) and the co-writer/director is none other than the son of Ivan Reitman; - Jason. "Afterlife" is chock-full of gimmicks references towards the original, varying from subtle to plain obvious. The young cast members are refreshing, and fit wonderfully well in the "Ghostbusters" universe, but it feels even better to reconnect with the old-fashioned familiar trumps, like the legendary Ghostbusters-vehicle and - of course - the Ray Parker Jr. Theme song. The homage to Harold Ramis, one of the creators of the original concept and the only cast member who passed away, is beautiful.
8 I'll be honest, after the last Ghostbusters movie, I wasn't keen on it, reluctantly I went along, and have to admit, I thoroughly enjoyed it. It feels like a worthy successor to the original film, it doesn't just ignore the past, it supports it. I would advise seeing the original movie ahead of this, as there is a lot of nostalgia surrounding it. I feel like they wanted it to respect the original, that it does.Some really nice special effects, a few perhaps not so good, but that's just me being picky. A good atmosphere, and a really good pace, there's nothing slow about the film, it doesn't lull, nor did it feel overlong. It's a bit goofy, it doesn't take itself too seriously.Great to see some old, familiar faces, if you're a fan of the original, you really will love the nostalgia vibe. Paul Rudd was awesome I thought, he stood out for me.8/10.
8 The first 'Ghostbusters' is one of the most beloved movies of my childhood. The second one gets critized sometimes but I think it's as good as the first. Let's forget that embarrassing awful movie that took place in the 2010's and finally focus on this one: THE TRUEST THIRD MOVIE OF 'GHOSTBUSTERS'. I had no hype for this one (mostly because of the trainwreck that out-of-place-2010's movie), but I felt somewhat compelled to give the benefit of the doubt and realise if my fears were right or wrong... I'll tell you this: watch this movie!It is a heartfelt, coherent and fun story that pays respect to its roots and moves forward the saga on a loving way. The plot hasn't been revealed too much because of a key reason and even if someone has been sadly spoiled, when that part occurs in silver screen is just downright marvelous. But not just that peak: the movie has several peaks. The characters were much, much better than I expected thanks to great and compelling performances. Finally we go back to some terror and some suspenseful sequences that harck back to that so damn missed old style from the eighties. The CGI is good, the soundtrack is on point and the script never dragged to me.All in: a pleasent surprise. If the story ends here, it is the best finale they ever could have pulled off. Whatever happens in the future, this movie made its work so right and so enjoyable (with a truly emotional ending in which I cried) and that's all that matters. This is a joyful, emotional throwback call that must be seen!
9 I absolutely loved this Ghostbusters definitely better than 2016 mess! This has everything you'd want in the series with comedy, amazing cinematography, great story I even went with a friend and he noticed a few plot holes I didn't even realize it had some; I think everything was the way it should be. So much exciting bits that are feel good and has the perfect amount of surprises. I'm glad I got to see the advanced screening and I really hope the film gets the recognition it deserves!
6 Much better than the reboot but doesn't even come close to the first 2. The original had a very "flavorful" cast and I think that's what made them so good. Like, had they cast this crew in the original films I highly doubt they would have been as good as they are.In the end I still enjoyed it but it seemed for like a Fan Film kind of tribute than an actual 3rd installment.
10 Ive been waiting for this movie for two years. So my expectation were at another level. I had the pleasure to attend the advance screening and I have never experience anything like this. This movie, with its die hard following, make the viewing experience an event film. The energy was electrifying from begining to the last credit. And everyone stayed to take pictures of each other. Its exactly the movie we needed to continue the Ghostbuster legacy.Jason Reitman did not dissapoint and makes his father proud in this new Ghostbusters. And can you spell nostalgia, nostalgia, nostalgia. Did I forget to mention nostalgia? All of us Generation Xers who experienced this film at the cinema in 1984 and 1987 will be brought back to our childhood once again. I can't stop ranting about this film. It was that good. I am going to watch it again tomorrow and this time Im seating my ghostbusters wardrobe! Don't go, run, run, run to the cinema and experience this once in a lifetime event from the biggest to the smallest fan. This is a movie for generations to come. Congrats to the filmmaking team in bringing us back to the original experience. It was wonderful!!!!
9 Back in 1984 when big hair and neon were the norms; a movie appeared that soon became a cultural phenomenon. The movie involved a team of unlikely Paranormal Investigators and the mix of comedy, FX, and Ghosts turned the movie into a smash hit and a Pop Culture mainstay. The abundance of products that followed and the inescapable theme song and tagline soon gave rise to a sequel which while a success; did not resonate the way the original film had and thus the "Ghostbusters" film franchise became dormant.While a successful video game and merchandise line kept the franchise alive; the 2016 reboot with an all-female team failed to capture the magic at the box office and again put the franchise's cinematic future in question.Thankfully after several delays due to the Covid 19 Pandemic; "Ghostbusters Afterlife" has arrived and is the worthy sequel that does justice to the original film and sets the stage well for future cinematic exploits.The film follows a down on her luck mother named Callie )Carrie Coon) and her children Trevor (Finn Wolfhard); and Phoebe (Mckenna Grace), as they are forced to move to a dilapidated farm in rural Oklahoma following the passing of Callie's estranged father and her subsequent eviction.A series of unexplained earthquakes clues the smart and precocious Phoebe that something is up and with her new friend Podcast (Logan Kim), and teacher Mr. Grooberson (Paul Rudd); help her uncover her connection to the original Ghostbusters and the abundance and significance of the gear that her Grandfather has left on the farm.Things soon take a turn for the worse and despite skeptical locals and the emerging danger, Phoebe, Trevor, and their friends have to battle the forces of evil to save the world.The movie takes its time getting to the action and spends plenty of time establishing the characters, their motivations, and their relationships with one another. There are abundant homages to the original film; some of which are very subtle and clever but never seem gratuitous or tacked on.The film also does not rely on the FX to tell the tale as while there are some solid effects in the film; this is a character-driven tale and the new cast works well with some surprise guests who pop up throughout the film.Director Jason Reitman; son of the Director of the original film; clearly knows and loves the material as he not only helped craft the story but deftly weaves a new tale into the franchise which also fits well with the first film and does not attempt to reboot but rather continue the franchise.There are two extra scenes in the credits that you will not want to miss as not only are they great fun; but also tease of future adventures to come.The film also has a few touching moments that caused some unexpected emotion from the audience at our Press Screening and helped establish "Ghostbusters Afterlife" as not only a winning entry into the series but also one of the most enjoyable films of the year.4.5 stars out of 5.
8 Massive fan of the original and the sequel was good too , i did not like the remake from a few years ago , but this is a very good watch , take the kids or just go yourself for a bit of nostalgia .....!!!!!!!
9 I have to admit I had certain expectations and thought about seeing certain people/characters in this. Let's say if I was just rating the movie based on that, I probably would have rated it lower. I also missed out on the opportunity to rewatch the first two movies. But I don't think it would have mattered that much. Even a female character that had a small cameo in here, I sort of remembered her (small) part in the original movies.That being said this adds a few cool people - namely Paul Rudd and the kids. Especially the daughter and the kid who befriends her (Podcast) are a great team together. Really funny and with great respect to the movies that came before it. Maybe minus the one with the all female cast. Now I personally liked that too - if you didn't enjoy that fair enough, can't compare those two anyway.So much weirdness and comedy that works here, because of the script and because of the actors. And yes many flashbacks still - that even if you don't have the movies fresh in your memory work wonders. Also stay through the credits - one mid credits scene and one after credit scene.
7 This reboot of sorts did it all right in terms of being respectful to the original, maintaining a plausible storyline, and having awesome cameos. The story was a bit slow to develop but had some cool moments and a lot of small laughs. All of this proudly sponsored by Walmart.
8 If you like the supernatural, the weird and ghostly paranormal, often fantasise of phantoms, apparitions hold you ransom; if you're looking for some fun, using spectral shooting guns, blitzing wraith-like demon dogs, into ectoplasmic fog; if you're a little sentimental, got the VHS as rental, remember 1984, did your thing on the dance floor; who you gonna recall, spend two hours having a ball, guaranteed to make you smile, busting ghosts with such great style.
8 GHOSTBUSTERS: AFTERLIFE (2021) *** Carrie Coon, Paul Rudd, Finn Wolfhard, Mckenna Grace, Logan Kim, Celeste O' Connor, Bill Murray, Dany Aykroyd, Ernie Hudson, Annie Potts, Sigourney Weaver, JK Simmons, Olivia Wilde. (voices of : Josh Gad & Shohreh Aghdashloo). Filmmaker Jason Reitman, son of executive producer and director of the original comedy horror classic, returns the franchise true to form in this valentine to the team of paranormal exterminators with the Spengler family retiring to their estranged paterfamilias Egon (the late, great Harold Ramis) where his granddaughter (Grace, in a winning and often uncanny turn as the famed comedian) discovers her grandfather's plans to stop the return of Gozer the Gozarian to return for another shot at destroying the world, while in the process of uniting her family in their new Mid-west environs. Reitman, who co-wrote with Gil Kenan the chock block of Easter eggs screenplay that wisely incorporates its source material with its new cast (the weight of the legacy rests well on the slender yet able shoulders of Grace, the heart of the film). Fun mix of visuals and much welcomed extended cameos make for a heckuva night at the cineplex.
9 Ghostbusters: Afterlife is an incredibly heartfelt reboot that's extremely heartwarming, emotional and funny whilst treating the original with respect. It also has plenty of satisfying callbacks, even if it's narrative is basically the same as the original.Mckenna Grace gives an incredible lead performance and Paul Rudd, Celeste O'Connor, Logan Kim, Finn Wolfhard and Carrie Coon all give great supporting performances and have strong chemistry.Jason Reitman's direction is fantastic, it's extremely well filmed and superbly paced. The CG is consistently excellent and there's some impressive practical effects too. Both the music by Rob Simonsen and the soundtrack are both really good.
9 Just saw the movie in avant-premiere here in Belgium. Had a blast, and my daughters (11 and 17) really loved it. Sure, there's quite a bit of fan-service but I was very happy to see they kept the style of the previous movies, it has a dash of The Goonies combined with the charm of the 80's movies and the ending is just great. Really did not expect it to be this good, but man am I happy they did what they did. Great movie, just plain good fun like in the good old days. Go see it!
7 Good movie, fun, interesting, and quirky, but, it doesn't use Paul Rudd nearly as much as it should, there were a lot of jokes that Paul could've brought and they missed the ball there, also, where are the ghosts? I mean, there should've been a lot more ghosts and some creepy and cool ghouls, but there are only a handful. Still, the movie is good, not great, but it's fun.
6 I can't really say it was good, I can't really say it was bad. It's not even comparable to the original. Maybe a younger audience will like it? I think this movie was for teenagers.
4 When I watch the modern IT remake it works because it's as violent and crazy as the original.But this is just... "Okay, our all-female reboot didn't work so let's make it a little girl this time and do a whole lot of references to the original".I'm sure it's great for fans of the original but if you haven't seen it - it's not. It's mostly boring, aimless, and wraps up real quick near the end.Actors are good, music is okay, effects too, but from a writing perspective I expected something like a comedy, something with weird ghosts and... not a cringey teen movie with insuffrable characters.
5 The title reflects the way Egon Spengler would've described this. I'll keep this short.I want to say right away that this review reflects purely my individual point of view. And as a viewer who is tired of the constant stimulation of those parts of the brain that are responsible for nostalgia (due to most of the old franchises being constantly milked) I was absolutely insensitive to all such moments in the film.That's why the film itself turned out to be completely hollow for me, apart from a very beautiful visual aspect, there's absolutely nothing in it. If you imagine for a couple of minutes that the original film was never made, or that you haven't seen it, there's nothing left in this movie for you.Every single scene, event, line of dialogue, visual of the first two films are referenced in this. Moreover, apparently, there is absolutely nothing going on in the lives of these characters unrelated to the names and events of past films.I was ready to rate this product a 7 out of 10 even though I did not enjoy it. But the (expected) CGI ending made me feel miserable. I really don't understand why they did that.There are more respectful ways to pay tribute to Harold. And the worst thing is that I hoped they wouldn't, but they did.In the end, mostly due to the first scene after the credits, which was the best part of the whole thing, I stopped at 5 out of 10.If you're up for a 2 hour "remember this?" ride - check it out. It's a well-produced product.If you love Ghostbusters for what they were - sharp funny dialogue, relatable and memorable characters, the sense of adventure, and the venture into entrepreneurship...I mean, at this point you probably stopped caring.
5 The movie is cringe acting is ok. Just another franchise that makes children the hero which I honestly don't like. Felt like an average dc movie. Sadly did not get me one bit. Paul Rudd was easily the best part of the movie. The trailer made it look like Paul Rudd was starring but he was barely in the movie. I am really disappointed.
4 The Ghostbusters reboot 'Ghostbusters: Answer the Call' featured all female Ghostbusters. Now with 'Ghostbusters: Afterlife' we have ghostbuster kids.... Ugh, give me a moment to recover...Ghostbuster KIDS!! Honestly! The idea - or sight - of 12-year old kids acting as ghostbusters is just not interesting or believable. Seeing them face to face with ghosts, demons, goblins, etc while they just stand their making jokes while zapping them is not exactly my idea of fun. This movie is for kids.Considering the excellent visual effects in the original 'Ghostbusters' way back in 1984, the visuals in 'Ghostbusters: Afterlife' is nothing to write home about. It's good, make not mistake, but compared to what they've accomplished almost four decades ago, it was nothing special.'Ghostbusters: Afterlife' is also very slow. I mean, this film truly moves at a snail's pace. The original film was so much fun and excitement, whereas this film was pretty much about kids making jokes. The 'love interest' between Trevor and Lucky felt so forced and annoying, while Callie and Grooberson could have allowed for a far better love interest. Then again, as mentioned, this is a children's movie, so I guess they opted for a teen love interest. Pfff!!Oh, no, look, Marshmallows again!! These marshmallows felt like Gremlins-wannabes, or even Minions wannabes. This is the part where I just shook my head in disbelief...The film will no doubt garner a fan base due to the appearance of the original Ghostbusters - Dan Aykroyd, Bill Murray, and Ernie Hudson (and even Harold Ramis in ghost form...). As for me, unfortunately 'Ghostbusters: Afterlife' did nothing for my senses. There's a lot of noise and light flashes during the film's climax; I mean jeez! Oh, I suppose I should lighten up, sit back and enjoy the movie for what it is.... ugh, no, scrap that, I didn't like this movie at all. Ghostbuster kids....pff!!!!!Would I watch it again? No.
8 Now THIS is how you do a sequel 40 years after the original: honoring the pervasive legacy of the original film while crafting characters and a story that are unique to your own film.Afterlife is the best Ghostbusters film yet, by default...simply because this movie has the necessities that the original lacks: characters that are distinct from one another, a coherent story that flows efficiently, and heartfelt scenes in which the characters learn and grow.The humor in this film is fast-paced and energetic, constantly injecting life into portions that could otherwise feel exposition-heavy. There is some cringe-inducing humor that I'm not a fan of, but it's a minor complaint.Not all the characters are developed as they could be, but I found myself shocked at how much emotion I felt for the ones that the story does choose to focus on. The themes of how to allow the past to properly guide your future and how to properly forgive...I felt it. This story retroactively makes the original film's characters more interesting.As for fan service, it's definitely here, but for the most part it never feels overbearing. It's usually placed in the right spots for the purpose of enhancing the themes and building the world of the story.I was not expecting much from this film, and Ghostbusters: Afterlife is absolutely one of the best sequels I have ever seen.
5 A long, boring, repetitive, and unfunny kids movie that owes more to Spielberg than Reitman. Nothing remotely original about any of it. The actors tried hard but they were continually underserved by a script that ripped off everything from American Graffiti to Pixar. Not to mention the third act rehash of the Ghostbusters storyline which manages to destroy any mystery characters like Gozer and Ivo Shandor had by casting them with known modern actors.
4 7.4 7.8 6.4. Current rating for this film. Current rating for the original. Current rating for the original sequel.I'll fully agree the last 10 minutes of this film made us go "yippee". 6.5 for that. But the rest of the film? 4.5 on the member berry scale at best.
1 This has to be one of THE most atrocious franchise sequels ever. No, I didn't watch the all-female remake because it looked insanely bad.You want me to believe that she never met her dad but when he dies she just goes to his house with her two nonbinary kids, the daughter looking like Harry Potter. And of course, they are getting evicted so why not stay in her dad's rundown house. This is lazy writing. Forcing the action for a quick convenient setup rather than taking the time to get to know these people. Mysterious man confronts ghosts, dies, daughter is getting evicted at the same time so she moves into dad's weird house. What a coincidence. Who thought this was a good idea?There is nothing worse than a 50-year-old writer writing precocious tween/teen characters. No teen speaks or behaves like this. The "daughter" was of course a genius. ANd of course one of the tweens had his own podcast with high-end gear and knew about conspiracies like Illuminati, lizard people, Beyonce etc. Really? It was just ridiculous and annoying.And the school kids were just used to all the paranormal activity, and when it happened to the kids, instead of freaking out telling their mother they explored. What teen would do that? And the kids were watching horror films during school hours? What?The story and setup moved way too rushed. The focus should have been on the original cast and then they could have introduced the younger family. The director, Jason, didn't know if he wanted to make a Ghostbuster sequel, another Goonies, or E. T. The theme was all over the place.Such a diverse cast for no good reason. A nerdy white kid with a crush on the POC girl. Every stereotype was jammed into this.The original had corrupt politicians, a city on edge, love interest, comic relief via Murray and Moranis, and people that actually reacted and were freaked out by the ghostsEverything that worked with the original ghostbusters failed here. People reacted to ghosts as if it was totally normal and even cool. No contacting the authorities. It made ZERO sense. The writer wants us to ignore the reality of how unrealistic the characters reacted. No cops or FEDS were contacted. No, the kids were gonna solve the ghosts. There was NO resemblance to the original. It should have been called something else.You know when furniture moves around your house in real-time and things move, instead of freaking out, you begin to investigate. And of course, every 12 year old in this knew exactly what to do with the sophisticated equipment despite never learning about it.It was long boring and had an uninteresting plot and characters. And the dialogue was so cringey.I am still looking for an explanation for a lot of this movie because none was provided. It was just an insufferable plot that wasn't thought through with annoying characters that never behaved in any realistic way. And Paul Rudd is one of those guys who overestimates his charm and wit, i.e. Thinks he is much more talented than he actually is.And of course, they tried to explain what they SHOULD have SHOWN through lengthy expositions or speeches by the characters. The cameos by the original cast were unnecessary and underwhelming. Murray, Aykroyd Ramis, Hudson got replaced by 12-year nerdy girl, a POC tween cool girl, and a nerdy boy/girl (I couldn't tell which one).Even though the kids knew nothing about any of the equipment, history, etc, because remember they didn't even know their dad cause he was the standard derivative "crazy" man character who sacrificed his family to protect the world. They somehow knew everything anyway and were able to become ghostbusters. It was laughable but in a cringe way. Did I mention how annoying directed this was? NOTHING felt real, and yes you can still make something feel real in an unrealistic world.Paul Rudd is no Rick Moranis and Carrie Coon (whoever that is) is no Sigourney Weaver. It didn't help that they gutted any humor from the original. In the end, there are no standards anymore. It's wokeness over quality.It took every part of my body to finish this. It was painfully awful. I wanted it to end every minute and it got worse over time.This isn't even bad enough for a Razzie. It was totally pointless and a missed opportunity because this was BEYOND RIDICULOUS.SKIP IT!!!
9 Warning: There will be spoilers here.I saw Ghostbusters Afterlife a few hours ago and ...I liked it. It was not perfect but I liked it very much. I do think it is far superior to Ghostbusters: Answer the Call (2016) but I would say it may be as good as Ghostbusters 2 (which I know is disliked by a lot of people but I was about seven-years-old when it came out and loved it).Spoiler territory from here on:
This is definitely the sweetest and most heartfelt Ghostbusters film. The main premise is already known. Egon Spangler has died. The opening scene is very blatantly his death even though his face is kept hidden. He is actually killed by a ghost when his elaborate trap fails. He hides a full ghosttrap under the florboards and then sits down to wait to die. It's probably the darkest and most gloomy Ghostbusters opening but it felt necessary.His daughter (they never actually reveal who had a child with Egon or if he grew her in a test tube or what) and her two children, Pheobe and Trevor move to his old farm. There is some family resentment because Egon's daughter thought he abandoned them. It turns out he was trying to protect them and the world by preventing the return of Gozer.My one complaint about the movie is that we are told that Egon took a bunch of Ghostbusters gear and abandoned the rest of the Ghostbusters team years earlier after he had ranted that the end was nigh and they didn't believe him. This is the part that bothers me. With what we know of their dynamic, after all they had been through- why would his fellow Ghostbusters not believe him? That part doesn't make sense.The claims that the film is full of fan service are true. And yes, it is Nostalgia baiting. But so what? Why is this so terrible? Why is this frowned upon? It's the third film in the original Ghostbusters continuity. If there were no call backs or references to the previous films it wouldn't have a reason to exist.Yes, it does need the previous original Ghostbusters movies "as a crutch" but that is because this is a sequel, it is a passing of the torch movie and it is a good one.The one character that out-shines all the others is Phoebe, the implied (never actually stated) autistic granddaughter of Egon Spangler. She's pretty much the main protagonist. They did excellent casting with her. She even resembles Harold Ramis and not just because she has the same glasses. There were times this film was emotionally difficult to watch because Egon had always been my favorite Ghostbuster. He is who inspired me to study parapsychology into my adulthood. I grew up watching the movies and The Real Ghostbusters animated series and even Extreme Ghostbusters. And yes, this film puts the 2016 film to shame. I wish there had been a character like Phoebe when I had been a little girl. She reminds me a lot of me as a little girl except I was never an atheistic skeptic as she started out as. But once she loses that skepticism she really embraces her Spangler-heritage.This film has a lot of heart. There are times where it feels they might be afraid to stray from the lore established in the first film- I would like to have seen something truly creative done with the mythology or ghosts. Muncher is very clearly Slimer 2.0. But what they use from the original lore is very well-handled (save for the original team having not believed Egon).Toward the end you see Egon's ghost (who was a presence through the movie). He is silent but helpful and it's a very well done special effect and it is implied he is at peace and able to move on when the story is done after reconciling and being embraced by his estranged daughter. It was very sweet.The original team do make an appearance right when they are most needed and there are two bonus scenes. I would like to believe Janine is the grandmother but there is nothing to suggest this other than the subtle implication that yes, she and Egon had been a couple.I very much appreciate that the original theme (and not a cover) plays at the start of the end credits. This was followed by a song called Haunted House and to my surprise it was sung by Phoebe's actress.It was nice to see that Winston had become the most successful of the group and was financially supporting the others. It was almost as good as him having become an Egyptologist in the video games. I'd like to pretend both are true, thus successfully (and justifiably) over-compensating for people thinking of him as a token character.Paul Rudd's character, Grooberson, was very likable. I do sort of wish Egon's daughter was more fleshed out. The granddaughter, Phoeobe, is well developed but the mother, not-so-much. Her boredom and out-right resentment of science actually made it difficult to understand why she and Grooberson seemed to be attracted to each other. They could have done a better job to suggest that she actually did have a love of science, herself, but repressed it because of her resentment of her father not being there for them. I think that was what they were trying for.But for all the film's flaws it was actually an exceptionally good movie. I think of it as being on par with Ghostbusters 2 (which I did not hate as some fans do). And definitely far superior to Ghostbusters 2016 AKA Ghostbusters: Answer the Call.I think some of the negative reviews for the film are criticizing it for the wrong reasons- as if nostalgia is something vulgar and offensive. I also think some people don't want to admit that the 2016 film wasn't really all that good and want to pretend that this couldn't possibly be better (though it really, really was).I honestly loved this movie. I thought it was sweet. It's flawed but sweet. I would like to know who was the mother of Egon's daughter. Does she have a mother? Was it Janine? And I am still bothered that the original Ghostbusters team did not believe Egon's warnings. That feels out of character for them. But at least they apologize to him toward the end for it. It's a sweet film and it is very respectful to the original movies.Some people have suggested that the second film in the Ghostbusters franchise is being ignored. This is not necessarily true. Ray's bookstore exists and that was only established in the second film (not the first). Also they said that there hadn't been any ghost sightings in New York in nearly thirty years. Thirty years is closer to the second film than the first. The first film was thirty-eight-years-ago, not thirty. The second film was thirty-two-years-ago. Also one of the bonus scenes reveals that Peter and Dana are married, which was established in the second film's closing scene.This is a good film and I think fans of the original Ghostbusters are likely to love it.
7 And boy is it funny, because it's true. But it's also sad because it's true.Its got an idiot president, idiot media, idiot citizens and some very few smart people that must fell like they ended up in the planet of the apes. Its really accurate, scary accurate.
8 Spoiler free review.I wasn't exactly gripped by the plot, but the cast, yes please, this film boasts one impressive line up.I thoroughly enjoyed it, it managed to mix up subtlety with brashness incredibly well, it pokes fun at modern cultures, celebrity and the absurdities of social media.I spoke to a few people that found it rather funny, I can't say I was amused, but I certainly was entertained. The absurdity amused me, I pondered if some events would happen if the world did actually face disaster. The rich getting richer in the face of disaster.....Merryl Street as always was first class, but for me the standout had to be Di Caprio, he was terrific throughout, that scene where he blows his top, incredible.Thoroughly enjoyable, 8/10.
9 I understand why some people hate this film. It feels real in its entirety, it shows you how stupid and insignificant we are and it is extremely apropos today. Also, it was marketed as a comedy, when in fact is a dramatic film that is humorous only in its accurate portrayal of humanity. Then again some people try to "tell you" what it is about and, while it is certainly metaphoric, it isn't about anything more specific than ourselves. It is a mirror. Some people don't like what they see in it.I found it an almost perfect film, with some deliciously carefully crafted moments and great acting. At first I thought the comedic side was actually too much and wished that someone like Steven Soderbergh made the movie instead, but as I was watching it I started to appreciate how methodical the approach was and now I believe Adam McKay was the right man for the job. I enjoyed the overall plot, I liked the characters and how things were presented, but I loved the little things like, for example, the only scene where Europe is mentioned, as a short scene of a news item when they say they are going to convene and find their own solution, resulting in absolutely nothing. I am European and sad to say it struck home. Or the meal scene at the end, which is both emotional, focusing and reminding us how even that option can be taken away by something as small as a virus.Annoyingly, in these days movies from the U. S. are becoming more and more of "a color". They are not telling a story, but are taking a side. They are either democrat or republican, conservative or liberal, blue or red, flyover or coast. Don't Look Up is not a big offender, but the language and presentation was clearly on the "coast" side. Thus, it will be probably appreciated by people who already saw the world this way and ignored or at best maligned by the people on the other side. And it's a pity, because this film is meant to bring us together as a civilization and not keep us divided. I feel like it could have done a better job in that direction.There was one detail that I think McKay got completely wrong. There is no chance in hell the president of the United States would make a public speech and use metric units like kilometers in it. If it weren't for that, I would have rated this 10 stars. Jokes aside, this is a movie you have to watch.
8 Two astronomers discover a massive comet heading towards Earth. The comet will wipe out mankind in six months' time if nothing is done about it. They manage to gain an audience with the US President, land on TV talk shows and have their story printed in the media but everyone seems to have other priorities.On the surface a disaster movie in the vein of Armageddon or Deep Impact. However, it is not just that and is far better than that.Written and directed by Adam McKay (The Big Short, Vice, The Other Guys, Anchorman), Don't Look Up is a funny, accurate examination of the warped priorities and agendas of the people who have the largest control over our lives. Politicians care more about how something will impact their polling numbers than saving mankind, the media cares more about finding something slanderous on a person than alerting people to imminent destruction, talk shows care more about sensationalism, the personal lives of vapid pop stars and on putting on a happy face than on news that actually matters to people, corporate opportunists who use even a planet-destroying disaster to make a profit and in so doing increase the danger (and how the politicians fall in line behind them).It is all quite chillingly accurate and plausible: from experience you can relate to the misguided, self-absorbed agendas of these institutions and individuals and the powerlessness and irritation you feel in having to deal with them and their decisions.It is so close to home that it sometimes makes the film irritating to watch: you'd rather not be reminded how incompetent, superficial, self-servicing and nefarious the government, media etc are, how they screw up your life on a regular basis and how likely it is that they will eventually wipe out mankind.All this makes for a film that is one part hilariously funny and another part scarily serious and confronting. Unlike some other movies I did not find this mix of comedy and drama jarring. In fact, the humour helps point out the absurdity of it all.By the way, keep watching until the very end. There's two scenes woven into/after the credits that are worth sticking around for.
7 I am pretty sure once we go down we are going to go down like this. The way nowadays social media Earth is going on now and the way we handle Covid this is exactly how we are going to finish our lives on this planet. This is not a fiction, this is a documentary.
8 This seems like a film about a comet headed to earth to destroy the planet. It is really a satire about society. It spoofs the social media and how politics and truth deniers argue about facts while killing the planet. If you look up into the sky, you will see the comet. The title in the mantra of those who believe the comet is a conspiracy. Tech industry leaders and talk show hosts are also satirized. It would be really funny if not so true.Guide: f-word. Brief sex and nudity.
7 "Don't Look Up" will divide audiences for a myriad of reasons, but personally, I found this to be a brilliant satire about the state of growing misinformation and the dangerous hypocrisies of this digital age.It's chock full of unpleasant characters and unpleasant situations, and viewers need to go-into-it all with a coarse grain of salt. I suspect many detractors of the film might be those easily persuaded by misinformation, and those, who themselves, like to ignore science and grasp onto those social lifelines - instead of heeding the poignant and important meaning of the film - they will focus on all the negatives.The film is absolutely absurd, and it's supposed to be. The style fits the absurdity's, and the cast is exceptional.It's not perfect. The film would have benefitted from more family development, and a better soundtrack, but any low scores can be dismissed as those who took political offense and missed the point.Good movie. Will surely find a top 25 spot for 2021. Love the extended credits. The film is clever and, imo, an important film.
10 Spoken by a grumpy old man sitting on the edge of the grave, this was some of the awesomest hilarious cataclysmic armagheddonishly knitwoven colash of witt and comedy , and frustratingly hitting the truth with a reflectortelescopicaly astrosurgeons inscicion of dead and meat politicians, that on daily basis never tells much truth...neither does this film, and thank god for that because its just a brilliant build up without the god and glory precursors that has ridden us in every movie made over the topic earth no more...in fact its a ''if i live to tell'' story that has given us a new face of leonardo dicaprio, his canonade in the tv-studio is just marvelous and really reaching out for an oscar, as well as ms jennifer, they are really doing the chariots of fire in this forever and ever ending bang.So therefore, tired and sleep fatigued after a 10 hour nightshift at the nursing home on a stomatomata stummy full of porkrib x-mas dinner before leaving the presents and my pleasants, on a high that is so high , its just a spasmodic recommend.
8 Greetings again from the darkness. What happens if Chicken Little was right, and the sky really is falling? Writer-director, and Oscar winner, Adam McKay proved with THE BIG SHORT (2015) and VICE (2018) what occurs when he turns his unique commentary towards a target. Two questions remain. Is political or social satire just too easy these days? Has insanity permeated our globe to the degree that pointing out the lunacy has become ho-hum? McKay wrote the script from journalist David Sirota's story, and it's even more extreme than his previous work, and likely meant as a wake-up call to all of us.Oscar winner Jennifer Lawrence stars as Kate Dibiasky, a student (with a Carl Sagan figurine on her desk) who discovers a large comet speeding towards earth. Oscar winner Leonardo DiCaprio stars as her professor, Dr. Randall Mindy, and we can see on his face what his calculations mean. The two head to Washington DC to inform the President of their findings. President Orlean (a nod for movie buffs) is played by Oscar winner Meryl Streep, and her Chief of Staff is Jonah Hill, who also happens to be her son. President Orlean is too concerned about her slipping rating in popularity polls to pay much heed to the scientists, opening the way for Jonah Hill to be the most Jonah Hill he's ever been. It's an outrageous scene ... yet ... it feels all too possible.Dibiasky and Mindy are so shocked and frustrated at the blow-off, they decide to take the story to the media. Appearing on the vacuous and highly-rated morning talk show, "The Rip", they are guided to "Keep it light. Keep it fun" while on the air with the entirely too-upbeat co-hosts played by Cate Blanchett and Tyler Perry. At this point, Dibiasky is unable to control her frustration. This results in her becoming a social media meme, while Dr. Mindy becomes the "hot" astronomer - labeled an AILF. This is an obvious take on Dr. Fauci's popularity during the pandemic. Other opportunities for Mindy includes getting closer with Blanchett's talk show host, despite his wife (Melanie Lynskey) taking care of the home front.Obviously most of these characters are a bit cartoonish, but that's the point. Once the media pressures the President into taking action, an ARMAGEDDON type mission is planned, only to be scratched at the last moment and replaced by a more profitable option. Peter Isherwell (Oscar winner Mark Rylance as a blend of Steve Jobs and Elon Musk) is a tech billionaire and President Orlean supporter, and his plan involves mining the meteor for precious metals while also saving the planet.Although Dibiasky has dropped out of the 'spread the word' campaign, she's still tracking the approaching asteroid via her diet app as she hangs with a philosophical stoner played by Timothy Chalamet. It started as 6 months and 14 days, and we only get periodic updates on how much time remains. Instead, the focus is on the bumbling antics of those involved and the zany reactions of the general public. We even get President Orlean with a speech from the deck of a battleship in yet another dig at past politicians. Pop star Arianna Grande shifts her celebrity support from manatees to a hit duet with Kid Cudi entitled "Just Look Up", while Himesh Patel plays an opportunistic reporter-boyfriend. Also, Rob Morgan is excellent in his role as supportive scientist Dr. Oglethorpe, and Ron Perelman goes a bit off the rails as the pilot on the first mission.It's an incredible cast and what a joy to see DiCaprio in a role so far removed from his usual characters. He even gets a NETWORK scene here, and overall he makes us understand how serious the science is, and how easily someone can go off track. Jennifer Lawrence gets the film's best recurring gag, while Jonah Hill fits right in as the impetuous benefactor of nepotism. With the abundance of tooth veneers flashed by a multitude of characters, we can assume the film's dental budget was sky high.McKay uses the oncoming meteor as a stand-in for the global warming issue, and his tendency to lean heavily left does shine through. However, it's crucial to note that no one, no thing, no organization, and no affiliation is safe during this one. Whereas ARMAGEDDON took pride and patriotism of blue collar folks and turned them into heroes, McKay examines the other side which is all about feelings, discussions, social media, and popularity. He blends Kubrick's DR STRANGELOVE with Judge's IDIOCRACY (which has proven much too accurate), and delivers a disaster movie that uses an asteroid to point out the real danger ... which is ourselves. Is it too much? Too silly? Too angry? Too long? Simply playing to the home crowd? It's likely to be criticized for not being smart enough or clever enough, but seriously, have you looked around at society lately? McKay delivers loads of comedy here, and maybe by laughing at ourselves, we can find a way to improve things. His final scene is more grounded than the rest of the film, and quite touching on its own. Stay tuned for the credit scenes.Opening in theaters on December 10, 2021 and streaming on Netflix beginning December 24, 2021.
8 Bury your head in the sand, let the leaders take a stand. What have you got to lose, how could they possibly confuse? Your best interests at their heart, pulses shares right off the chart. And if they get it wrong, deep down you knew it all along.
9 Don't Look Up is kinda brilliant, at least in moments.It's satire, but not that far off. With terrific leads in two of our finest, Leonardo DiCaprio and Jennifer Lawrence. There are tune out periods and stupid silliness amidst, Jonah Hill for instance.This review's removed every time I say anything... so I'm not saying anything.
8 My Review - Don't Look Up Will stream on Netflix from December 24thMy Rating. 8/10What a surprise this satirical Comedy Si Fi Drama was for me it may well be the funniest and tragic movie this year because it has more than a ring of truth in its depiction of incompetence and ignorance.There's plenty of clever script writing by Screenplay writer and director Adam McKay
who has very successfully in my opinion covered the most talked about problems on our planet today . He manages not so subtlety to cover Climate Change, Corporate Greed, incompetent Politicians who's only motive for action on the emergencies we find our planet facing are their prospects for reelection.The film also cleverly portrays the intrusion and invasion of privacy by social media and the influence of television shock jocks and Jill's into our everyday existence .The cast includes five Oscar winners (Leonardo DiCaprio, Jennifer Lawrence, Cate Blanchett, Meryl Streep, and Mark Rylance) and two Oscar nominees (Timothe Chalamet and Jonah Hill).The premise of the story is basically the discovery by two low- level astronomers of a giant comet heading towards earth . The monster comet is large enough to destroy the entire planet in six months time. Kate Dibiasky (Jennifer Lawrence ) an astronomy grad student and her professor Dr Randall Mindy (Leonardo DiCaprio) set off to break the urgent news first to Washington but find the popular but incompetent President Orlean (Meryl Steep) more interested in her popularity polls and scandals within her Administration.Meryl Streep as usual is brilliant and is dismissive of the messengers of doom telling them that her administration will monitor the situation and get her experts to look into it as to alarm the American public before an election would be a ratings disaster.Leonard DiCaprio gives his most laid back performance in years as the Professor who after President Orlean's inaction goes on the top Rating Brie Evantee television talk show with Kate to break the news to the world and still the threat isn't taken seriously.Cate Blanchett as Brie Evantee almost steals the movie at times with her botoxed airbrushed impression of a plastic media Madonna with perfect implants teeth and everything else . Brie just wants Light and bright panel guests not these gloom and doom soothsayers to keep her entertainment ratings sky high.Jennifer Lawrence is wonderful as the feisty highly strung student who is ridiculed and told she needs media training when she really is the only one with any credibility or principles at all.The other stand out role is Mark Rylance as Peter Isherwell a soft spoken cold unemotional Cyber Baron who can predict anyone's life experiences including future health and life and death expectancy by the algorithms that are collected by his new phone data systems.Don't Look Up is very entertaining my only criticism is its length of over 2hours 30 minutes some smart editing could have cut half an hour off for me and made great some great deleted scenes on the DVD.I think this film is far superior to The French Despatch which has been getting much more publicity coverage. That film also has a star studded cast including Timothe Chalamet who has a cameo in this as Yule a street gang teenager smitten by Kate."Don't Look Up."In my view follows the path of other great satirical films like The Great Dictator (1940) Dr Strangelove or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb 1964 , The Americanisation of Emily (1964) In the Loop (2009) Election (1999) The Interview (2014) and WALL-E (2009).Some critics have said that Adam McKay's approach to this story lacks subtlety perhaps they're right but the time for subtlety is over if you care about the state of our world today . We certainly are at a turning point where good leadership and action on vital issues are missing . Greed dishonesty and self interest seem to be the prevailing qualities of our Leaders who are content to divide people with conspiracy theories and fake news to ensure their reelection.
8 As "Don't Look Up" (2021 release; 138 min.) opens, Kate Dibiasky, a PH. D. student at Michigan State, discovers a large comet that is heading for earth and bound to kill all life as we know it in 6 months and 14 days, to be exact. She and professor Randal Mindy are headed to the White House to brief President Janie Orlean but alas are informed by the President's son and Chief of Staff that the President is too busy that day. When the finally see the President the next day, they are weirdly unable to convey the urgency of the situation, and the President orders them to "sit tight"... At this point we are 10 min. Into the movie.Couple of comments: this is the latest from writer-producer-director Andy McKay ("Vice", "The Big Short"). Here he tackles the general indifference that exists in today's culture towards things that really matter, along with providing a glimpse of the future when the next Trump-like person takes over the White House. It all makes for a strange brew that takes a while to build up, but once it is clear where this is heading, it becomes all the more devastating. And then there is the all-star cast, starting with Leonardo DiCaprio and Jennifer Lawrence as the astronomers who get caught up way over their heads in the cesspool that is Washington politics, eerily reminiscent of how Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx were chewed up and spit out early in the COVID-19 crisis. Meryl Streep is the Trump-like President, a one-time Playboy nude model with zero qualifications to be President. Jonah Hill plays her son who is the White House Chief of Staff and equally unqualified. Cate Blanchett is seemingly have the time of her life as Brie, the TV anchor of "The Daily Rip" with unfettered access to the White House. Are you getting the picture here? And I haven't even mentioned Ron Pearlman, Timothe Chalamet, Ariana Grande, and Tyler Perry. I mean, it blows the mind. Some may say that the movie is too heavy-handed, but I disagree with that, in particular when you see how the COVID-19 crisis played out under Trump. This is dimply taking it to the next logical level, where "Don't Look Up" (to the sky, that is) becomes the weaponized political statement to deny there is a problem. Please note: don't leave the theater or switch the TV channel when the end-credits start rolling, as we go to "22,470 years later" midway in those closing credits for an update that is as hilarious as it is sad."Don't Look Up" was supposed to be released a year ago, but then a little thing called COVID-19 had different ideas and delayed the production of the film. The film opened in select theaters this weekend, and I couldn't wait to see it. The Sunday matinee screening where I saw this at turned out to be a private screening: I was literally the only person in the theater. The movie will start streaming on Netflix in 2 weeks. If you have any interest in a devastating and depressingly effective political satire, or simply are ae fan of anyone in the all-star cast, I'd readily suggest you check this out, be it in the theater (while you still can), on Netflix, or eventually on DVD/Blu-ray, and draw your own conclusion.
9 This film is yet another reminder to me of how very little "critic's" opinions ought to matter, or are actually worth in terms of steering anyone toward second-guessing their viewing choices.Don't Look Up starts out just a bit slowly, but it surprisingly grows and develops into a richly poignant picture of humanity in all its hilarity and horribleness.It is so good, I laughed, I cried, I loved it.
8 With a Metascore of 49 at the time of this comment's writing, I expected a much worse movie than "Don't Look Up" gave me. I also mostly hated both "The Big Short" and "Vice," so I believed the Metascore would probably be reflective of my own reactions. But I always go into movies wanting to like them, so here's to keeping an open mind. You might find yourself surprised.This movie is a hot mess, but the world is a hot mess, so the fact that a movie about the state of the world is a hot mess feels right. Yes, much of Adam McKay's satire and commentary is obvious and on the nose. He's not as clever as he thinks he is. But he's assembled a talented cast that knows how to sell the material, and I was mostly just happy that there's a popular movie right now that seems to be topical and relevant to the current American political culture. I've found it strange this year how few movies seem interested in addressing any of the things that are dominating news headlines around the world.Jennifer Lawrence in this movie is how I feel all the time lately. I just want to yell at people to get it together. Meryl Streep has a ball playing a female Trump, and who better to take on that roll than the woman who so famously called him out in real life and prompted one of his Twitter tantrums. Jonah Hill I wanted to punch in the face, repeatedly. And Cate Blanchett is unrecognizable as one of those insanely perky morning news hosts that the world needs fewer of."Don't Look Up" is about how much of our lives we spend consuming the meaningless white noise of media -- news and social -- and trying to keep up with standards foisted on us by capitalism. If a comet ever does obliterate life on Earth, I want to go out like the family in this movie did -- with a glass of wine, just chilling with the people who are most important to me.Grade: A.
10 Scavenging through the many negative reviews of this film, I find myself incredibly against any negative thing people have to say about this one, and honestly find myself dumbfounded it isn't receiving more support from critics. This film is brilliant, and many of the negative reviews towards it only point out the stupidity of those watching it. It's quite embarrassing to say how little people understand what this film is trying to do, or instead try to focus on its style instead of what it's trying to say. This film is a brilliant political satire, a tour de force from Adam McKay entirely capitalizing his frustration with the stupidity of those in the political system and all those it effects. It's so incredibly well written in both story and character depth, focusing on the many ridiculous decisions and scandals in the political system, as well as personalizing them for each character- showcasing on their level of ridiculousness. I share deeply in the frustration this film encapsulates, and never has a film made me feel more seen and sane in my own opinion of our current world that I simply couldn't believe how well it seemed to be reading my mind. Not to mention how well made this film is, a nearly 2 and a half hour political satire, that manages to be entertaining all the way throughout as well as brilliantly acted from veterans Jennifer Lawrence, Leonardo DiCaprio, Meryl Streep, Mark Rylance, and so many more. In the end, Don't Look Up is easily one of the best films of the year for me, and might just be McKay's best film yet.My Rating: 10/10.
8 This is definitely one of my favorite films of 2021. I'll be surprised if it doesn't take home the Golden Globe award for best Comedy / Musical Motion Picture. Nevermind the bad reviews. The people leaving those reviews are the same people that paid $17 to watch Space Jam 2 in the theaters. I highly recommend this film. NETFLIX nailed it! 8 stars.
9 I loved it from start to finish. The dark humour, the sad truth about some of our current realities, human emotions, weaknesses, ethical dilemmas, tribulations, the depth and all the meaning about existence and life along with all the details they placed in the background of every scene make it the best movie I have seen in a very long time. Music by Nicolas Britell is also a marvellous touch to the film. Absolutely brilliant!
8 Its quite likely that humanity will be faced with a calamity in the near future that will threaten our excistence as a species. Dont Look Up explores how we would deal with a comet-implosion variant, without walking on eggshells. What scared me most was that the story was, in most part, highly believable when it came to humanities deficiencies in planning short term vs long term, and gain of the individual vs gain of the collective. So much so that I need to go get a pint of icecream to eat my Weltschmertz away now.
6 Initially then I wasn't really overly hooked on watching the 2021 movie "Don't Look Up" since I wasn't really won over by the movie's synopsis. Granted, I hadn't checked out the movie's trailer, so I wasn't really sure what I would be in for here. But as friends started to praise the movie, I opted to sit down and watch it.Now, one friend said that "Don't Look Up" was a masterpiece. Well, I wouldn't go as far as to calling it a masterpiece. Sure, "Don't Look Up" was a watchable movie, and writers Adam McKay and David Sirota definitely had some good jabs at the crazy world we live in today, with the likes of a crazy president, everything being on social media, people being concerned about riches even when facing extinction and such. I found the movie to be watchable and enjoyable, sure, but it wasn't a masterpiece, nor will it become a classic movie for me.The comedy used in "Don't Look Up", as written by Adam McKay and David Sirota wasn't really something that had me laughing. Sure, I could see the jabs at society and the ridiculing of certain aspects of the society and world we live in today, but it didn't make me laugh.Running at 2 hours and 18 minutes, the movie feels a bit long, to be bluntly honest.What works for "Don't Look Up" is the cast, as it has a handful of great names on the list, with the likes of Leonardo DiCaprio, Jennifer Lawrence, Meryl Streep, Cate Blanchett, and so forth.There is a good production value to the movie, and you are definitely in good hands throughout the course of the movie, in every aspects actually, from visual CGI effects, to storytelling, to camera work, acting performances, etc.Sadly, then I wouldn't exactly say that "Don't Look Up" is a movie that sustains more than a single viewing, as the contents to the storyline just doesn't really seem solid enough for more than a single viewing. So I highly doubt that I will ever return to watch director Adam McKay's 2021 movie again.My rating of "Don't Look Up" lands on a six out of ten stars.
8 8/10 - while there was some editing and pacing that was not 100% up my alley, I found myself finding plenty to laugh about and being more deeply affected than I expected by this well-done satire (and Ariana Grande's big screen debut) that gives you plenty to think about.
8 "At this very moment, I say we sit tight and assess."An astronomy grad student, and her professor make an astounding discovery of a comet orbiting within the solar system on a direct collision course with Earth. However, no one really seems to care. Turns out warning mankind about a planet-killer the size of Mount Everest is an inconvenient fact to navigate. With only six months until the comet makes impact, managing the 24-hour news cycle and gaining the attention of the social media obsessed public before it's too late proves shockingly comical - what will it take to get the world to just look up? Don't Look Up is acclaimed writer and director Adam McKay's newest feature film. He's a critical darling and master at satire and comedy. His last feature Vice proved to be divisive among critics and audiences but still got the recognition and awards hype after that battle. Don't Look Up is even more divisive and faces that same battle. Even with its mixed scores and reactions, it still has managed to appear on many best picture lists and other categories. I, for one, am all for that love. This is such a hilarious, angering, and scary film. Everything about this story is entirely possible and even reflects on modern day life. There's a large ensemble with many stars, each portraying a different type of person we'd see in a situation like this. The biggest standouts for me are DiCaprio, Streep, and Lawrence. DiCaprio plays a nervous scientist struggling with anxiety. He's really good and for me one of his best performances. At one point, he has this long monologue like the freak out scene in Network, which he nails out of the park. Obviously, he'll be everyone's favorite out of this. Streep plays the controversial president of the United States who doesn't care much and fails to look at science. Right now we know many politicians like that so it'll be easy to relate to the anger towards her. Streep has so much fun with the role and it's hard not to enjoy to some degree. Much like DiCaprio, Jennifer Lawrence is struggling with the anxiety of this, but is also full of rage for how the situation is handled. She's the closest to what the audience will be feeling and is easiest to relate to. Some of her character needed work on, but a great performance by her.McKay is known for his distinctive style of editing which is prominent here. It may not be his best edit yet, but it still works on a comedic level. He knows when to cut to the next scene and when to do a freeze frame in the middle of a frustrating and hilarious scene. The one thing the edit fails to do is shorten the film. This is a pretty long one. It flies by quickly, but it's longer than it needs to be. There's even a mid-credit scene which answers a question posed in the film, but honestly it wasn't needed. As much as I liked it, I was ready to be done once the credits started rolling. There's so much to take in with a topic like this. At times it feels overwhelming, and it is a scary topic to think about. It's like McKay did it too well placing all this stress on us. I'm a big fan of the conclusion. They could've handled it differently or done something safer, but they go for it. With all the fun the film has, it's not scared to be honest and show things how they are. And there is some beauty to be found. I really enjoyed Don't Look Up. There's many achievements to be found. McKay's writing is great. Nicholas Britell's score shines through. The performances stand out. It's a fun time even when it's not. It'll take a certain person to appreciate something like this. Honestly, I doubt many audiences will take a liking to it. Once you see it, you'll be able to tell. Don't Look Up drops on Netflix this Friday, so if you want to get your family together this holiday weekend to watch a film about the end of the world, go for it!
9 I had the chance to be one of the first in the world to see 'Don't Look Up' and I didn't take it up. It looked like an overly long, overly star-studded, boring mess to me. Boy, I could not have been more wrong. This film was a treat from beginning to end.I don't think I've ever seen a film utilise extreme star-power so well. The A-list power in this film is quite incredible - and none of them miss. Some are better than others, however there isn't a dud performance in sight. Jonah Hill was probably the pick of the bunch for me. He was given a truly despicable character and made it work perfectly. Jennifer Lawrence also thoroughly impressed me.When Adam McKay has his name behind a film you know it is going to be clever, but I don't think I was prepared for just how clever this one was going to be. The whole film is an allegory for the current state of the world and it's about as well done as you'll ever see a film like this. The film is also relentlessly and effortlessly funny. I had a great time with 'Don't Look Up' and would highly recommend it.
8 This being released towards the end of 2021, I kind of understand on the one hand, why many chose this in their top 10 list ... on the other hand, I wonder if I should recommed a couple of movies to those who have. And I don't mean to be ... mean! I just think that 2021 had some really good movies - some that are deserving to be in anyones top 10.Then again, who am I to argue or to tell anyone what they should or shouldn't like? Especially when it comes to humor. Some did not even like this for example - it is quite on the nose. And I don't think it is only people who feel they are being spoofed. The movie is as obvious an allegory to the current climate (and the conspiracy nutters and those who fully believe they do not belong to that group but will post anything anti goverment and anti science - without fact checking any of it) ... this is not Idiocracy ... but it is an effort that really knows what it wants to tell and show us.The acting is impeccable. There are running gags in this (the free food that is being sold - I'll be damned if that ain't quite the stab on many things! Healthcare, food in general and so many other things that the goverment and/or others are selling to us) ... Really good movie then ... one that has many things it is able to tell us, but one that is not afraid to be as silly as it can.Standout performances by anyone in this - either over the top (mostly) or a bit more subtle. Jonah Hill proves once again, that he's able to be dramatic and funny/weird at the same time. The added bonus scene after the credits, sums the movie up quite nicely ... very well done, but tonally on many different levels and maybe even "wrong" ... but everyone may experience it differently. Don't be mad if you feel this makes fun of you .. rather try to figure out why you feel like this is something that triggers you so much. I can only suggest that as a solution, you'll have to figure it out yourself in the end ... because if not, than there won't be a happy end for anyone - no pun intended.
8 There may be some current event topics that this film doesn't parody, but off the top of my head I can't think of one. It skewers capitalism, crass commercialism, fake news, disdainful politicians, censoring opposition voices, illegal 'Chilean' immigration, the country's ideological divide, and billionaire space travel wannabes like Elon Musk and Richard Branson. There's no mistaking President Orleans' (Meryl Streep) 'Don't Look Up' baseball cap as an overt slam against a former resident of the White House. Without trying to be, (or maybe it was), the satire is often hilarious, as it examines a culture that's too wrapped up in it's cell phones and social media to care much whether the world comes to an end or not. All of the principal players are brilliant in their roles, which for me is saying a lot, as none are particular favorites of mine. Dr. Randall Mindy's (Leonardo DiCaprio) lament, which turns into a historic rant on TV, is really at the heart of the film when he asks "How do we even talk to each other?", highlighting what political events and a world pandemic can do to sew dissension and distrust in all directions. And yet, isn't it the purpose of film makers to put out a product that makes money and win awards? In reality, the picture mocks itself for what it is, a brutal examination of where we've come to in the twenty first century amid all the distractions to real life that can possibly be imagined.
2 This movie was great from beginning to well 5 minutes before the ending. It's almost like they said "screw it let's just end it here to piss everyone off". I'm still waiting to find out "How it ends"
4 C'mon guys, where is the ending... we got 2/3rds of a movie.
5 At the beginning it was your average disaster/apocalypse film, something goes horribly wrong, government either can't handle it or won't, characters take problems into their own hands. All is well for a while, special effects are fine, acting is fine, but just like in the story, something goes terribly wrong. Much like that other Netflix film that was atrocious, the "horror" film about home invasion, it appears that the creators of the film either couldn't decide on an ending, or just threw their hands up and said "screw it, I don't know how to end it, lets just pretend to be ambiguous". And its not to say films with an ambiguous end aren't always bad, but this one didn't even bother to create an ending.As a Californian, we hold the stories dear, stories of earthquakes or other disasters ending civilized society. And for a while I was enjoying it, but somewhere around 2/3rds or half way through it, I just completely lost interest and was also disappointed in its execution. Without giving too much away, many decision made about how to execute certain parts of the film left me bamboozled, not the way I would have. All in all its good for a little while but ends up leaving you unfulfilled, so a warning, maybe just watch the first half, and don't worry, if you want to know what happens at the end, let me tell you, nothing.
7 Decent acting from both James and Whitaker. Suspenseful throughout, good effects but pretty standard "end of the world survivalist". Sure it ends in a weird place, it seems most reviewers are expecting it to turn into the walking dead or something. Its and unknown event causing nuclear winter and massive tectonic/volcanic disturbance, told from the view of the survivors. , nothing wrong with that. Likely survivors don't know WTF is happening, so just trying to survive as best they can.The biggest issue I had was:
They find an abandoned crashed military train full to the brim with vehicles, fuel, likely weapons, food and equipment. They are a military veteran and a young man. Instead of grabbing a humvee and loading it for bear, they get back into their broken ass car to continue on their way. Who in their right mind would do such a thing? An armoured 4WD full of fuel and supplies that can go anywhere, or a broken ass car with some extra gas that has to stick to main roads. Hmmm, tough choice.
5 May 2020 It seems like almost every Netflix movie is made with a sequel in mind these days, and this semi-apocalyptic drama is no different. Although the sudden breakdown of power and the subsequent abrupt - and frightening - collapse of law and order are fascinating to watch, How it Ends provides no reasons at all for what has taken place.
3 Really could have been an "above average" apocalypse film (I was ready to give the film a 7 until the final 5 minutes). Spoiler Alert - the film just ends abruptly and awkwardly, and credits roll. No one in production (who is not on heavy meds) could have thought that this was going to work.Compounding the ending issue is the film's final scene preceding the credits - oddly, the only truly dumb scene in the movie, wherein the protagonists somehow outrun a massive explosive cloud of deadly gas (moving at the rapid speed that such massive explosive clouds must travel) in a 4-wheel-drive vehicle along a winding mountain road. Uh huh...Did everyone just quit and walk off this production? Did the film exceed time and budget limits? Was production stopped by investors ("you have a half day left to complete the film's ending, and then we pull the plug people - Chop chop!!")One is left hanging and it is super awkward - It is not cool, nor witty, nor a neat play on words with the title. Something is not right as almost ANY other ending besides an abrupt cut-off would have saved this film.Even if one WERE to end it open-ended, there must be a half dozen more effective ways to do it for the big Twilight Zone moment.Nope! This movie just abruptly closes-up shop like a Paris post-office with patrons left in line... "It is 4:59PM - we are now closed - everyone leave - bonne soire!Surely there is another final scene version somewhere in their digital files. If so, re-edit and re-release. If not, well the majority of reviewers got it right - .
1 First of all, why does this clock in at 1:52? That's just too long for a standard thriller, and this is especially true for a movie with such a lousy story. There is nothing good in this movie. Nothing at all.Why would the convict in the cop car be so determined to track down one car?Just getting there takes WAY too much film time.Ricki Whatever was such a terrible character played by a worse actor.Has anyone involved in making this movie ever seen a movie before?
1 Utter trash. How anyone gave this piece of garbage more than 1 star (when will IMDB finally add a zero rating?) is beyond me. Incredibly stupid movie that barely kept my attention. What's the main problem you ask? I'm sick of apocalyptic films where we learn absolutely nothing about what's causing the disaster. Society falls apart in about four minutes, the government as usual is impotent. Yes these two men drive from the east coast to the west coast (one dying along the way) and barely break a sweat? One silly cliche after another and then - no pay off at all. Waste of time.
2 I mean really, the ending was so HILARIOUS. It was like they were in the middle of filming, then the director said "cut" and forgot to go back to work. I don't mind they're not telling us how and why this apocalypse happened, I really don't, sometimes it's good not to know all the details and just guess. But, man, they could have wrapped up the story somehow. Also, the storyline is quite repetitive, nothing extremely exciting happens, and in the last 20 minutes are a bit off. I'd say, avoid.
5 Seriously - this is how it ends? Seriously? This Netflix movie has the dumbest, most unfulfilling, most meaningless and even most infuriating ending I think I've ever come across in a movie. It's literally impossible to explain with any degree of satisfaction how it ends, because - well - it really doesn't end. It stops, but it doesn't end. Was the title supposed to be some sort of cute play on how it was actually going to end? Was there thought put into this? Was the non-existent end supposed to - in some way - be intelligent and thought-provoking? Or did absolutely everyone involved in putting this thing together just get collectively bored and say - "OK. What the hell. We're done. Time for a snack." It felt like the latter.What a letdown. I had actually been enjoying this movie. It was very effectively mysterious. You knew from the start that it was going to be. The opening caption was "Chicago: 5:33 am." Not 5:30 or 6:00, but specifically 5:33. I'm being a bit silly with that, but 5:33 tells you right off - something's happening. And something did happen. After a brief introduction relating a tense visit by Will to his in-laws in Chicago, we get right into it. Will is talking to his wife Sam in Seattle on the phone. And something happens there. There's a sound. She's obviously terrified. The line suddenly goes dead. It's quickly revealed that all contact with the west coast has been lost. Then power goes out - apparently everywhere. There's no communication, no satellites, no GPS. Nothing. The military appears. Panic builds, chaos ensues. And Will and his father in law Tom decide that they're going to have to drive to Seattle to find Sam. And in an increasingly panic-stricken and lawless nation that journey is going to be a challenge.I was really enjoying the story. And then something happened. I'm not sure what it was but I pin it pretty much to the point when Tom dies. Tom was played by Forest Whitaker. I've always liked Whitaker, although never really thought of him as someone who could carry a movie. But it all fell apart when his character died. I honestly didn't feel that any of the rest of the cast had truly stood out, but this had been mysterious and interesting and even at times exciting, but with the death of Tom it descended to just plain silly. And it kept getting worse. Right up to that ending that wasn't an ending. That ending that explained absolutely nothing. That ending that wasn't intelligent or thought-provoking but that honestly just seemed truly lazy on the part of everyone involved with this.Seriously - this is how it ends? I'm going to give this a 5/10, only because I had been enjoying this. But the last half hour or so gets about a minus 40.
6 Movies that are exclusive to Netflix wildly range in quality... though then again, so do movies from almost any other source. This particular one is one of the better ones I have seen for some time, though I will admit that it does have some major flaws that hold it back from being better than it ultimately is. I could live with the fact that the reasons for the apocalypse in the movie - and its extent - are not fully spelled out. However, the screenplay does seem in a way to be making up things as it goes along, and that it doesn't have much of a plot - the movie is basically one vignette after another. Also I do agree with many of the other IMDb comments that the ending of the movie is quite unsatisfying and abrupt. Still, flaws and all, I was never bored by the movie. Though the movie is just a collection of vignettes, the vignettes for the most part do come across fairly realistically; you will feel that law and order has broken down in a believable manner. The production values are sound, and the performances are fine as well. I am certainly not saying that this is a GREAT movie, but I do think it's somewhat better than most people here are saying. It's best watched during a slow night.
4 It's the end of the world as we know it! Or is it? We don't know, this movie can't be bothered to tell us. After some kind of unexplained catastrophic event happens on on the west coast of the US, Will (Theo James) and his girlfriend's obnoxious father (Forest Whitaker) commence a road trip from Chicago to Seattle to save her (Kat Graham). It appears that the disaster has also ended electricity supplies across the entire country. Most of the people they do meet are gun-toting hillbilliess or (maybe) escaped prisoners all intent on killing them and stealing their car. Most of the trip seems to happen in the dark with loud ambient music covering up the limited dialog. When the sun does rise we are treated to a highlight reel of some of the US's most beautiful landscapes, suddenly devoid of people. I wonder who is lighting all the roadside fires they keep driving past. In summary. The film is mostly too dark to see anything, the characters learn nothing and show a deplorable lack of curiosity about the world, and then the film just stops. Dull.
2 How it ends... Good title for a movie that had no ending. I guess the writers had no idea what was happening in this world either, since they couldn't be bothered to tell us. This movie had so much potential that was never realized. Time after time they set up a premise that never pays off. Going into this I was very excited, but wondered if I would be left disappointed. In the end I have to say I am very disappointed. No explanations, and the end of the movie was as if the writers just gave up. Unless this is being set up for a sequel or a series which I seriously doubt. This movie is an epic failure.
5 This film had potential and if you're looking to kill time, it's quite alright - a good amount of suspense throughout the film. But like basically every other review here, the film it cuts to the credits without really explaining anything.
If you're looking into sci-fi apocalyptic movies and don't care for the plot, this is the right one. If you're looking for movies that have poor character development and a rather clich ''world is ending run into the danger to save the loved one'' plot, then this is for you.
2 Incredibly amateur drivel that's half filmed in almost total darkness. Some decent actors are wasted by writers who've clearly wrote the characters in 10 minutes flat for a paycheck.Tough ex-marine father in law? (Who is really a big softie of course) Check.
Devoted husband type? Check.
Helpless wife? Check.
Everyone else a lunatic nutjob? Check.Seriously, within 2 days of the "event", 90% of the US population descend into mad max territory and start killing everyone else for no particular reason. Give the Americans some credit, that would take 2 weeks at least.And then the abrupt non ending; its not clever, it's not mysterious, it's just plain lazy and immensely annoying. You can just see the crew going, "sod it lets go to the pub" and downing tools. Total insult of a film.
5 Huge potential, but failed.Whitaker was great, as always, although he didn't get much to work with. The actor playing 'Ricki' was close to horrible.It was so frustrating to get no answers, or explanations, to what was going on. The characters also didn't seem to care about discussing it, or trying to find out what was going on.There were also several plotholes; Why would the bad guy in the cop car go through so much trouble to chase down one random car? 
Where did the mom go?
Why was "Will" so pissed about the neighbor guys theory, when they sat at the fire? He looked at him with pure rage in his eyes, just because of his theory about what was going on. That whole scene seemed so random and off.
And MANY more.The ending completely ruined the movie. It's like they either ran out of money, or they focused too hard on a sequel, which came to show in a very bad way.I'm really hoping for a sequel that has a LOT of explaining in it.
5 Good movie but the ending made it feel like a pilot, they just stopped filming & went for lunch?
3 Man loses girl. Man looks for girl, then.......actually I can't be bothered. I would finish this review but I'm doing what the movie did. Stop abruptly with no ending.
6 I can only think a second is in the pipeline, as that can be the only reason for such a rushed ending. Ambiguity in films is fine, I would praise the film for leaving certain parts to the viewers imagination, sometimes it's got that every strange occurrence in a film isn't black and white, ambiguity fine, lack of ending terrible.Previously to the bad ending, the film isn't at all bad, it's well acted, with some very well developed characters. You get to see human nature at its best, worst, plus you see what people will do when pushed to desperation.Some fantastic special effects, it looks and sounds brilliant, I can't fault that side of the film at all. The lazy ending kills the film for me though, did they run out of ideas or money, or is a second on the way.Decent, but lame ending. 6/10
1 I haven't been more frustrated with a film in a long time. 
The trailer promised so much but they then padded the rest of the film with ludicrous plodding dialogue and scenes. The main characters seemed to have completely lost who they are and all sense of reason. Whilst I could understand people being driven to extremes after months of struggling to survive this appears to happen in a matter of hours and the main protagonists go from law abiding office workers to gun toting maniacs who can spin cars around on a two lane bridge whilst shooting "bad guys" out of car windows at speed (having only picked up a gun for the first time that week).
They are also responsible for the death of two people who "stole" their fuel (fuel they had technically stolen from someone else). Fuel they needed or they "would die". Really!!! And what does the main character do when his father in law dies and the car breaks down - pours the fuel over the car and sets it on fire!! Why!! Surely he would have taken the fuel or stashed it if was so precious. 
And don't get me started on the final act where he kills the neighbour who saved his wife. 
The film would be better titled "Just kill everyone"!
4 HOW IT ENDS is, unfortunately, another unwieldy Netflix film that doesn't work all that well. The story once again features the apocalypse (and some pretty nifty CGI effects, especially at the climax) and involves a couple of main characters attempting to escape from it with their lives. Sadly, HOW IT ENDS is generally mired in familiarity and tedium. The events that play out have been done countless times in the movies and they're done no differently here. The script is lowbrow, relying too heavily on profanity throughout with little wit or character insight; as such, genuinely good actors like Forest Whitaker are wasted in their roles. The end result is a mildly watchable but distinctly average kind of movie that you'll forget about soon after watching.
1 Shows great promise at the beginning then takes a long, winding, pointless journey across the country and drags the viewer over every po-dunk, shotgun toting hillbilly infested, gravel road this country has to offer to a miserable, unanswered and totally dissatisfying end. I want my 1 hour and 52 minutes of my life back that I wasted on this disaster and a disaster movie.
4 For a film named how it ends, it unfortunately is missing an ending
1 Just created an account to say this is THE WORST ENDING EVER !!!
6 Really loved the story, effects, characters and then suddenly...... end.
WTH happened here? Did they run out of money or was someone tired of it and just stopped writing? Or is a Part 2 coming? An explanation would help very much, thx Netflix ;)
16 August 2020 For much of The Lighthouse, I was not wholly sure what was going on, which I guess is deliberate as it is never quite clear what is what. What is consistent though is the sense of dread and claustrophobia that comes from the limits of the location and the fear of this unknown threat - whatever it may be. This is not quite good enough to carry the film for its full 110 minutes, because it is a bit too long, but it is enough to grab the viewer and more or less keep them there until the end - more or less.The narrative isn't much to talk about, but the tone and tension is what works - if it works for you. The manner of delivery of this is an oppressive approach, making the viewer feel uncomfortable and not giving space to get away from it. I thought this aspect of it was done well in many different ways. The selection of the ratio, keeping the shot tight no matter what shot it was; the noise of the sea and sight of the waves; but even the dialogue - which was distracting in some ways but effective in others. The fruity accents and gruff delivery makes it hard to catch every word, but it did cause me to lean in. The performances come with an intensity and realism that sells the film even when so much of it is hard to accept on the face of it.I do think that for a lot of viewers it will be a reasonable reaction to be put off the film - mainly because feeling uncomfortable for several hours is not an easy experience to sell. For myself I felt a bit of that - at the end that I more appreciated what it did well and how it did it than I actually 'enjoyed' the film as a film. One of those where I'm glad I watched it but am really unlikely to ever watch it again.
7 "The Lighthouse" is one of the strangest films I've ever seen. Describing it or even knowing whether or not I liked it is pretty difficult. Suffice to say, it was is a very, very unique movie...one that is quite haunting and difficult.The story is set in the late 19th century and a lighthouse keeper (Willem Dafoe) and his assistant (Rob Pattinson) arrive at the facility for their tour of duty. At first, things seem pretty mundane, though over time they both seem to be losing their minds...Pattinson's character in particular. Where it goes from there is ugly, disturbing and weird.This is definitely NOT a film for everyone. In fact, I'd go so far as to say most people probably would not like the film....and fewer yet would really enjoy it. But it also is a wholly original viewing experience and I can respect the folks who made it. The acting is good....and it feels much like peeking inside the mind of a madman. Overall, not enjoyable but also pretty amazing.
9 Robert Eggers' second (?) feature is a superb piece of mind-bending cinema. There are parallels with his earlier film, The Witch, elements of psychological horror which Eggers clearly finds interesting and hopefully hasn't finished exploring just yet.
The decision to film in black and white is a stroke of genius. Every scene is filled with ominous portent and obscuring shadows. The film plays with our perceptions and moods throughout. There are moments of comedy amongst the gloom, the two men stranded on the rock endure a tumultuous relationship, by turns suspicious, angry and even savage, then there are unexpected moments of comradeship fuelled by alcohol. We are forced to question constantly who is mad, or perhaps madder? Are they in the grip of a storm, or are they in Hell?
And the soundtrack! No one I can think of uses sound to create atmosphere quite like Eggers. Foghorns, the relentlessly howling wind, the seagulls; is it any wonder if they were as mad as a box of frogs?
Willem Dafoe is absolutely fantastic in The Lighthouse. He really should be considered for an Oscar for his turn as the saltiest of old seadogs, spouting rage-filled Melville-esque invective straight from Davey Jones' locker, at sporadic intervals. I don't think there are many actors who could've pulled off that performance with such aplomb. He chews the scenery mercilessly, but it is exactly what the role requires; his Thomas Wake is a force of nature in human form.
The Lighthouse won't be to everyone's taste, and it would be a mistake to view it as a moody twin sister of The Witch (which was a genuine horror); but I found it to be mesmerising and intriguing, and a fabulously well-crafted psychological drama with trimmings of horror.
8 Really well made movie. Great acting and I was really transported to another place and time. Well crafted for sure.. but in the end I'm not quite sure what the point of it all was. But maybe that was what the director was going for. Seemed like chaos for chaos sake. A strong film for sure though...
7 Both characters have few if any redeeming qualities, which makes this mind twisting movie difficult to get behind. The cinematography was good, the acting was on point, the writing was quotable but I wanted in to be over half way through. I'm still confused as to what the point was, other than to convey discomfort.
10 I discovered this film as a large puzzle. Different pieces , from the atmosphere to the acting and flavor of old fashion Gothic stories are pieces of this dark, profound, bitter not comfortable but inspired in each scene film. A film about loneliness. And one of films with the main virtue to be a return to a form of cinema who can be defined as good refuge. So, a puzzle. An admirable one.
3 If you've ever taken an acting class where the instructor gives the actors some thin idea and then two actors go on about 4 times longer than is interesting--well that's the flaw in this film.The two actors are good, Pattinson better than I thought possible, maybe even great but how much drunker can you get? How much crazier can you get?That's all a good part of this story is about. There isn't any development just another scene just like the one before, two guys in a barely illuminated room getting drunk and babbling, just like the previous scene that lasted 7 minutes and just ended was.The film feels like it's 2 and a half hours long. This is a misfire from a promising director. People argued if his previous film, The Witch, was really a horror film people may argue if this is even a movie.I saw it opening night. The audience was small, two women walked out about ten minutes from the end.Neither actor really has a character to play just a type and in lessor acting hands it would have all been even worse. Around the edges of the, 2 guys in a room being drunk and crazy sequences, there is moody B and W, purposely narrow framed atmosphere, The music and sound design are well done.There are few real supernatural visuals and of these I just say, more mermaid please.I guess it's more like THE LOST WEEKEND on an island than an island based supernatural story, just don't expect much in the way of story and gobs of exposition and talk talk talk, a movie that doesn't show and just tells.It has various gross out bits that the director avoided in his first film and also lacks an ending--instead opting for film schoolish ambiguity and feels much much longer than it is. Slow and steady becomes laborious and also frankly though its visual tricks are impressive at first they really don't develop much and the lack of color also weighs the film down, though really the script is what just isn't there.It feels like it's written by the two brothers while on cocaine, lots of focus on details that don't add up, energetic over-concentration on small details and no perception of anything else. No building momentum exists to bring it all off as a story of as a feature film. A few bits of intentionally dark humor get lost in the general grime as do the few vivid Lovecraftian tentacles. Really a let down this film is.
7 So many have commented already, I'll keep it short. I remember when I saw "Taxi Driver." I was amazed at DeNiro's performance, the incredible visuals, and the wonderful direction. We watched a man fall into a darkness that none of us could possibly survive. But what i remember to this day is being dragged through the world the film presents. There is a line where it is thought that one should take a part of the city and pour concrete over it, destroying the sickness and covering it forever. As I watched the really amazing, frenetic performances in this film, I had some of the same feelings. I reached a point where I wanted cleanliness and daylight. The cruelty from the beginning that never dissipates is all once can hold. It's about human destruction in a claustrophobic world, a living hell.
5 I normally enjoy films that are unique and outside the box of typical Hollywood pablum, but this is just weird. Great cinematography and mood, and a typical top-level performance from Dafoe -- all for a rambling, shouting mess of pointless dialog. Again, very weird.I will copy/paste words from another review simply because I can not say it better: "Essentially, after the first hour this became narratively unclear and focused instead on repetitive fever dream scenarios and bombastic speeches and emotional conflict between the two characters - all of which were well done and well executed but only raised question marks without a clear story or message."So true.
7 Wileman Dafoe and Robert Pattinson are two lighthouse keepers on a small, isolated island off the coast of Maine - actually shot in Nova Scotia. As a storm rages about them, they go slowly mad.Robert Eggar's film is based in part on two Welsh lighthouse keepers in 1801, the Smalls Lighthouse tragedy. It is a peculiarly designed movie - Eggars, besides directing two movies, has worked on several other films as a production designer. The set is claustrophobic, the screen frame is just about square at 1.19:1, and the film is black and white. Dafoe uses an accent that is almost cartoonish, based on 19th century fishermen.It's a striking-looking film, that's for certain, but despite the acclaim it has received, I think these details are more likely to appeal to those with a technical understanding and appreciation of antediluvian film making. I was certainly fascinated, but I have my doubts that it will appeal to a general audience; despite its High Art merit, film remains a medium that must appeal to tens of millions to be deemed a success. While the revival of antique techniques and extinct accents may please the cognoscenti, it won't play in Peoria.
8 Bleak and brooding, "The Lighthouse" is a study of the descent into madness of two lighthouse keepers, stranded beyond their original four week assignment, and despairing in the fate of their existence together. Thomas Wake (Willem Dafoe) and Tom Howard (Robert Pattinson) are alternately at each others' throats or gleefully imbibing their way into a state of stupor, at one point suggesting a homoerotic encounter, but quickly devolving into yet another fit of pique. Of the two, it's Pattinson's character who eventually experiences visions and nightmares as he goes about his daily chores, subservient to the demands of his nominal supervisor Wake. Cinematically, the picture reminded me of all those great black and white films of the Thirties and Forties emanating from the silent era. It even has a 'B' quality look, though the subject matter goes beyond the simplistic efforts of early film, and challenges the viewer with a myriad of interpretations one could assign to the story. That the fate of the two men ends so tragically is no wonder given the exposition, and you'll come away convinced that it's bad luck to kill a seabird.
8 Greetings again from the darkness. The opening sequence plays like something from 1920's era cinema. The chug-chug-chug of a boat slamming against the waves of an angry sea while birds flap and chirp alongside. We hear the wind and "feel" the severe ocean spray. Several minutes elapse before any word is spoken. Immediately noticeable is the nearly square aspect ratio ... the rarely (these days) seen 1.19:1 frame, making the black and white images appear both surreal and ominous.All of the above makes perfect sense when we realize this is writer-director Robert Eggers' first feature film since his 2015 indie horror gem THE WITCH won dozens of festival awards. Mr. Eggers obviously has his own vision for projects, and his approach borders on experimental, eschewing conventional. He co-wrote this script with his brother Max, and evidently much was drawn from the actual journals of lighthouse keepers ... something that is evident in the vocabulary and the effects of solitude.4-time Oscar nominee Willem Dafoe stars alongside Robert Pattison as the two men charged with a 4 week assignment of tending to a lighthouse. The film is set in 1890, and Dafoe plays Thomas Wake, the epitome of a salty old sea dog, replete with bad leg, hardcore Atlantic accent, and upside down pipe. Pattinson is Ephraim Winslow, the assistant Wickie, who faces non-stop demands from Wake, and initially maintains a quietness as he goes about his duties ... what Wake calls the 'doldrums.' We learn little about either man's past. For Wake, other than knowing his previous assistant went mad, the clue is when he mentions "13 Christmases spent at sea" costing him a family. For Ephraim, when Wake asks, "Tell me what's a timberman want with being a Wickie?" we get some insight into Ephraim's desired future.Eggers has delivered the anti-buddy movie. It's a bleak, slow-motion race to insanity caused by being isolated with only one other person ... a person you aren't fond of. Only this is not a director or a film content with showing two men stuck on a storm-battered rock, as they slip towards insanity. No, we viewers are forced to experience some of these same feelings - how much of what we see is actually happening? It's mesmerizing and hypnotic, and the above-mentioned narrow screen aspect purposefully emphasizes the sense of confinement and claustrophobia.With no color and only a couple of characters ... OK, 3 if you count the mermaid ...OK, 4 if you count the seagull ... the film still manages to pound us with sensory overload. We can barely process all we are seeing, despite relatively minimal 'typical' action. The black and white images are mostly just various shades of gray, and sunshine is non-existent. Cinematographer Jarin Blaschke (THE WITCH) embraces the dreariness by allowing the fog, lanterns, candles, wind, rain, and harsh elements to become characters unto themselves. However, nothing is in sync with our two leads. Composer Mark Korven fills the many lapses in dialogue with sounds and tones we haven't heard before, yet they fit perfectly here. This is also quite likely the first film to utilize farts and foghorns in harmony.Director Eggers filmed this on Cape Forchu in Nova Scotia, and the extreme weather and less-than-welcoming terrain create quite the visuals - as do the faces of our two lead actors. Dafoe may never have chewed scenery so delightfully as he does here, and Pattinson starts slowly before delivering his best work - including a ferocious rant that is fascinating to watch and contrast to his character's first meal with Dafoe. Is this a horror film? A fantasy? Macabre comedy? There is simply no way to describe this other than bizarre. It's truly miserable cinema, and I loved every minute of it.
4 Great cinematography and acting. The story goes nowhere and stays there.
9 Well not literally speaking ... although, who am I to say that isn't the case? Especially with not at least 10 viewings. What I am trying to say is, that this movie will leave a lot of things unanswered. Saying you have to be watchful and follow what is going on would be a massive understatememnt.The movie gives you hints and clues as to what it is trying to do and tell you. But it also is leaving it up to you to see what you want to see. Who is who, and where are they/him/it? This is a great example in minimalism. It also will be a stretch for those watching - do you mind the ratio (4:3), do you mind it is black and white, do you mind the small cast? Or do you relish in the story, in the craziness, in the depths of human isolation and what can occur in ones mind? What triggers what and what helps or doesn't? What is reality?
7 "The Lighthouse" is one of the most original, stylish, ambiguous and open to interpretation films recently released in the theaters. The originality and stylish begin with the black and white and screen size, with a theatrical story of madness that keeps the attention of the viewer until the last scene. The ambiguity is reflected in the different favorable opinions that we can find in Internet showing that the movie is open to interpretation. In addition, the performances of Robert Pattinson and Willem Dafoe are impressive. Last but not the least, "The Lighthouse" is the typical film that deserves to be watched more than once. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "O Farol" ("The Lighthouse")
5 Starts off brilliant and nuanced, but unfortunately ends incoherent and pointless. Too bad, because at times the cinematography, and acting is great.
25 October 2019 I went to the opening night in my area - the theater was full. About 15mins into the show, I realized what I was getting into. Only small squarish portion of the screen was used, there were only going to be 2 actors, I could understand only 40% of the dialog, the characters are weird but not interesting and it's very, very slow.I could see people clearing out of the theater the moment it looked like it was over. I was one of them - I couldn't wait to get out.The main thing to know is that even though it's listed as "horror" (and in some listings sci-fi / fantasy) ... it's an art film. This means it's generally unconventional, experimental and geared at a niche audience. A lot of times such movies will capture critical praise but be unappealing to mass audiences.That's what's going on with this movie. It's bizarre, psychological, atmospheric and if it happens to grab you - intense. Otherwise, it will be a massively disappointing. If you saw "The Witch", Egger's other key movie, you'll understand. People went in expecting a typical horror movie, but were instead given a slow, shakespearean-like drama with complex language and minimal, slow scares.For me, the problem with this movie is that I didn't care about either of the characters. Neither seemed relatable or engaging. If anything, it was uncomfortable to watch them. The story seemed more about madness than anything spooky. If it had been a short film - it might have been palatable, but not in its current form.Unless you liked "The Witch" or are into artsy / experimental movies, definitely be forewarned and eliminate your expectations. It could be a big letdown.
5 The characters in this movie spend the majority of the story questioning the sanity, and I have to admit, I know exactly how they feel. William dadoe and Robert pattinson undeniable outstanding acting, that I am convinced the scenery had actual bite marks in it.I'm still confused as to what the point was, other than to convey discomfort. I can say I have no idea what I just watched.
8 A metaphorically allegorically prophetic film that could portray the struggle of many who have ever had to self isolate comprising, but not limited to loneliness, intense psychological anguish, self doubt, intoxication, poor diet, hallucinations, guilt and delusion - in monochrome but definitely not black and white!
3 Usually these type of movies are right up my alley, but this one just didn't do it for me. I dare even say that it's one of those movies that's so up its own ass and it acts like it's deep and has hidden meaning when it doesn't. I legit feel like I just wasted my 2 hours for nothing.The actors are amazing yes and some shots look fantastic, but the movie is just dull and uninteresting.I went into this movie expecting to be mindblown by it and have it stuck in my head for days after I see it. And I got neither. I was only disappointed in the end.
7 I can't necessarily say this was a bad movie but I can say I have no idea what I just watched. The movie was shot beautifully and visually appealing in most scenes. The acting was a 10/10 for both Defoe and Patterson as they both had outstanding performances. This was a very strange film. A lot of random stuff goes on at that light house that makes you wonder if it's happening or if it's one of Patterson's delusions. This was a very different movie considering the strange aspect ratio and the old school black and white look coming back. I enjoyed The Witch which is what lead me to see this film and they were two very different movies. This was a very strange film.
10 Film festival sweetheart The Lighthouse is a movie that a lot of film buffs have been looking forward to. The buzz has been real since it's premiere at Cannes festival and has been my personal most anticipated movie of the year for a while now. I'm more than happy to report that this movie lived up to my expectations in every way imaginable and is probably the best movie from 2019By far the most interesting thing about this movie is it's technical aspects. The movie is shot in 35mm black and white film at a 1,19x1 aspect ratio, basically the Lighthouse is shot to look like something that came out in the 1910s. Robert Eggers and his team have done such a phenomenal job here recreating this time period. And it works asolutely perfectly beacuse not only is it fitting for the time period that the movie is set in but it also adds to the claustrophobia and the atmosphere of the setting. Alot of thought was clearly put into shot composition as every single shot in this movie is breathtaking. Seriously there is some gorgeous cinematography on display here, some shots will stay with you long after you see the movie. Whilst the film is made to look and feel like a movie from the early 1900s, it's also not afraid to implement modern elements into the film aswell. camera movements and music composition add a unique modern spice that really adds to the movies unique presentation, there is truly nothing quite like this.
With the setting and the premise, for this movie to work it it needed two actors to pull this all together. Which is where Willam Dafoe and Robert pattinson come in, who both give career best performances. Both actors are given such brilliant material that allows them to go parody level insane, but it works beutifuly for the world in which they inhabit. Dafoe especially is hamming it up to cartoon levels of parody (Which the film does address) and it's absolutely amazing. Pattinson also continues to prove himself as one of the finest actors working in the industry.Overall this is nothing short of spectacular. I truly cannot think of a single flaw. This is one of those movies that completely transcends you into its world and by the time the credits roll you will just want to go back in.
31 January 2020 This held such promise I am left wanting more than I get.There is the potent sense of place for one, the windswept lighthouse on a remote island somewhere north that two men have been assigned to operate. Relief is weeks away, it's going to be just the two of them tending to the light on this rock in the middle of nowhere. We get the promise of drab work and chilly nights ahead.There is the notion of virulent conflict. Down below is the lowly janitor, tending to a list of menial chores his overseer has just barked in the morning, scrubbing floors, cleaning the cistern. Up above is this capricious old man, who alone tends to the light that he sees as exclusively his and seems to be strangely in its thrall.Even better, the notion that neither of the two men is quite who they present as. Over the course of drunken nights, we come to realize they're both hiding something. Along the way we have mysterious goings-on around the lighthouse.So with no one set to come for weeks, with wind and rain fluttering outside and the sense of harbored secrets, we reach that razor sharp edge where the two of them grow unhinged in close quarters. Usually I'm not a big fan of current films in black and white, the sense that it's just a fashion reference to film lore, but it's ideal here.But then it slips from them and just smears with the material. We get a hodge podge of visions, some of these ignited by guilt gnawing inside, others by magical belief tied to suspicion, still others by real discovery. The sophomoric ending with a promethean reach for the light is a complete wash, rather than opening up to vastness of self, it reduces to silly notation.The most interesting thing for me here, quite apart from everything else, is the notion of capricious narrators erupting in whimsical performance. There is song and dance, and even a threatened kiss that is interrupted by fisticuffs. Dafoe is just spectacular and his snarled curse because his cooking has been slighted has to be experienced. I'm just beaming at how he gives himself to this role.Although I leave wanting more, I think film this year is richer for having this film than not. I would like to see how this guy evolves, it's still early. It took Wes Anderson twenty years and many tries, so why not him?But meanwhile, have you seen By the Law from 1926? A log cabin in the snow instead of a lighthouse, but also madness seeping in with the rain, done with the assured hand of someone who knows how mind can change the weather.
7 Two lighthouse keepers arrive at an isolated island for a four week stint. Newcomer Thomas Howard (Robert Pattinson) is a former Canadian lumberjack. Thomas Wake (Willem Dafoe) is an one-legged veteran seafarer. Howard has to do all the heavy duties, dreams of a mermaid, and hounded by a seagull. Demanding Wake warns him of various superstitions.The first notable thing is the black and white photography with 1.19:1 aspect ratio. It is reminiscent of old timey movies dating back to the silent era. It fits very well with the mood and the setting. I like this up to the over-drinking. After that, the story gets crazier and crazier. I was expecting it to go supernatural. I can take some interspecies erotica. The Brokeback stuff comes out of nowhere. It becomes too experimental. The madness of the lighthouse booze is too much. The craziness dampens my enthusiasm a little bit.
3 Both actors demonstrated excellent acting; in a way I saw it as a play rather than a feature film. Aside from the acting, the movie was boring, difficult to understand (was there anything to understand?) and confusing. I enjoy psychological thrillers, but this was not even near that. The ending gave no answers....a movie that has no proper ending or even a hint of an ending is not worth watching. Having said that, I do not recommend this movie, for me it was a waste of time.
6 Phil (Benedict Cumberbatch) and George Burbank (Jesse Plemons) are brothers leading a cattle drive in Montana. There is some unspoken tension between them. It's been 25 years since their first drive in 1900. George is taken with Rose Gordon (Kirsten Dunst) who gets belittled by Phil who calls her, the "suicide widow". George later marries her and Peter (Kodi Smit-McPhee) is her awkward son.This is a Jane Campion film. It's a slow burn especially in the first half. While I find these characters compelling, I do wish to have more reasons for these characters. I need their history. I do wonder if I missed something in the movie or if the book gives more meat to the bone. It's a movie of quiet beauty and an emotional volcano underneath the surface. It does have to hit its audience at the right angle. For me, the start is too slow and the movie struggles to gain speed. I saw this about a month ago before hearing all the critical push. My review remains the same but I respect anyone loving the slow burn.
5 It is said 'The Power of the Dog' covers themes such as love, grief, resentment, jealousy, masculinity, and sexuality. Homosexuality, to be exact. Or should I say, the film is very open to the suggestion of homosexuality, but it never really surfaces - almost like a 70's movie.I generally don't favour drama films, and the only reason I decided to watch 'The Power of the Dog' is because it received an amazing 562 award nominations (winning 250 so far), and because I like Benedict Cumberbatch as an actor. The film received an incredible 12 Oscar award nominations. So let's look at this film.Benedict Cumberbatch stars as a rancher, Phil, who runs a ranch together with his brother, George (Jesse Plemons). Phil is insensitive, rude and crude (lets just call him butch!), while George is quite the opposite. George falls in love and eventually marries Rose (Kirsten Dunst). Her son Peter (Kodi Smit-McPhee) is gay - or a faggot, as they call him in the movie. This causes Phil to constantly mock him in front of his workers.The film does have significant character development and there's lots to read between the lines, since the film tells its story in a very subtle manner. I must be honest, from an entertainment perspective, I wasn't all that entertained. In fact, I was pretty bored for the first 40 minutes. It moves along too...darn...slow...It really also is uneventful until the final reveal. (well, also not much of a reveal, as you sort of have to guess what they're trying to convey.) Apart from character study, there's hardly anything significant happening here. I was bored - just as I was with the highly acclaimed 'Brokeback Mountain' (although 'Brokeback' was a lot more in your face and not as toned down as 'The Power of the Dog'.)I can't help but wonder what prompted critics to adorn the film with so many awards. Is the high acclaim truly justified? Or is this overrated? For me, definitely. I agree, the film is beautifully shot with stunning cinematography. The set decoration is also incredibly well done, and the costumes are great. But is it that great a movie? Not for me....Would I watch it again? No.
5 The Power of the Dog was interesting, however I couldn't decipher what it was trying to say. And while the acting from Benedict Cumberbatch, Kirsten Dunst, and the rest of the cast is solid, the film seems a little pretentious. I also was distracted by some directorial choices. Perhaps it's because I heard so much buzz about it, but I just feel like The Power of the Dog is overrated.
5 If one makes a character drama then one needs 2 things:1 Great characters. They succeeded somewhat in portraying true to life characters, with good acting performances.2 Intense drama. NONE is to be found though. What a bummer.So what we have here is a polished portrait of good actors in a story that simply never becomes a real human drama. Simply lacklustre. Kinda tedious. Such a pity of the waste of many good actors...
4 A seemingly endless mirage of depressing not so subtle subtext- The Power of the Dog misses its goals on nearly every mark- never quite finding the balance between its harsh realities and a decent story. I'll be honest and say the only reason I even completed watching this movie was to write my review. The first hour of this film was so incredibly tedious it was quite unbearable to watch at times- and took me 4 attempts to get through. The second half, thankfully, is a lot more interesting- but as with the rest of the film- still lacks a greater point despite its intended actions. Many may criticize me for hating on this film, saying i'm missing the point, but I understand what this film is trying to do completely- rather- I just think it does it quite poorly. It is trying to invoke a subtle nature of depression and mental illness in a time where it was more ill to bring these things to light in society than experience them. Its main problem is that it isn't quite so subtle, if it was any more obvious it'd be a flashing beacon with words on the screen shouting depression. Not to mention its tedious and incredibly dull storytelling hardly find any interesting moments into the later half, and even then, it's still quite a mess. The acting is decent- Cumberbatch and Plemmons are obviously giving it their all- and Dunst is too- but her performance feels overshadowed and too over the top given the films direction to truly deserve any praise. The cinematography is fantastic, and it truly captures the vibe of the films tone and atmosphere, but you still can't help but feel while watching at it that it's a beautiful empty vessel still attempting to find any significance. In the end, The Power of the Dog is another boring Oscar Bait flick, overrated and bound to be forgotten. It has its strengths, but far too little of them to make for a decent watch in any way shape or form.My Rating: 4.2/10.
9 The shadow of Bronco Henry hovers over the story and the characters of "The Power of the Dog". He's long dead when the picture opens, but the story reveals that he was a mentor to the Burbank Brothers, the caustic and abusive Phil (Benedict Cumberbatch), and the more reserved, almost timid George (Jesse Plemons). When the story revealed a well guarded secret regarding Phil's sexuality, I had to wonder if the relationship he began pursuing with Peter Gordon (Kodi Smit-McPhee) was influenced by lonely days on the trail between Bronco Henry and the reclusive cowboy.There's also the early mention of Peter's promise to keep his mother Rose (Kirsten Dunst) safe, after his alcoholic father committed suicide by hanging. While both Peter and George appear to be ineffective against Phil's taunts and bursts of bravado, an undercurrent of payback begins to evolve, even if it's not readily apparent at the outset. Though Peter appears to be somewhat effete in his mannerisms, he has no qualms about snapping a rabbit's neck to put it out of misery. When Peter sees a barking dog in the shadow of a mountain range, it arouses a spark of sensitivity in Phil, who up until then felt that he alone had this mysterious insight into things unseen by others.The tease of a homo-erotic encounter between Phil and Peter is ever present in the latter half of the picture, just as a final confrontation is expected between the two very different brothers. Instead, the picture offers a deliciously ambiguous ending, leaving the viewer with a reason to contemplate the death of Phil Burbank. As an aspiring medical student, Peter certainly knew how to handle the anthrax-diseased steer that he encountered on the range. So one has to decide whether the transference of the virulent bacteria to the cut on Phil's hand was intentional or inadvertent. I'm pretty sure I know the answer to that one, but the engaged viewer will have to decide on one's own.I didn't give it any thought while watching, but another reviewer on this board suggested the film as an Oscar contender. In a year with a dearth of exceptional films, I have to consider that the idea might have some merit. Benedict Cumberbatch's performance is broodingly forceful, with more than capable support from Plemons, Smit-McPhee and Dunst. I have to think it might be a surprise contender.
5 5/10 - maybe I just missed something but this western awards darling had literally nothing of interest happen in it's over 2 hour runtime and the acting does not reach the heights of other performances this year.
2 March 2022 Dramatic events begin to unfold on a ranch in Montana when two very different brothers come together.Written and directed by Jane Campion based on Thomas Savage's 1967 novel, it's nothing to write home about despite it critical acclaim. Not holding a candle to other Western dramas. To be blunt it's tedious at best.While the production and acting is high quality including the likes of the excellent Benedict Cumberbatch, Kirsten Dunst (alcoholic Rose), Jesse Plemons and Kodi Smit-McPhee; the film itself is as melancholy and tormenting as its themes. There's just not enough meat on its slow burning bones. Or enough engagement in the subtle approach to the subject matter to make it intriguing viewing. Just because something is drawn out and/or lingering doesn't automatically make it good to warrant further artistic merit.Both Ari Wegner's cinematography and Peter Sciberras' (a few continuity errors aside) editing is notable. The Power of the Dog's issue I don't think is Campion's direction per se, borrowing framing from the likes of The Searchers (1956), or the over powering score from Jonny Greenwood; it possibly stems from the source material that this adaptation adopts by default. There's better films that deal with sexuality, alcoholism, masculinity, vengeance and the West. Don't expect a classic Western, it's not in the vein of Once Upon a Time in the West (1968), nor the Unforgiven (1992) or more recently The Hateful Eight (2015) and The Sisters Brothers (2018).Unfortunately, this is drudge of boredom, with sincerity; it's probably best to read a Greek tragedy instead.
3 There is no doubt that Jane Campion knows how to deliver visually stunning films but why can't she end up selecting a story with reasonably compelling characters? Her source material is the 1967 novel of the same name by Thomas Savage. While billed as a "western," the narrative is set way past the days of the wild, wild west in 1925 Montana. Interestingly enough, the film was shot on location in New Zealand with an international cast.The Power of the Dog is about two brothers, Phil (Benedict Cumberbatch) and George Burbank (Jesse Plemons), who inherited a large ranch from their father. Phil, a surly unpleasant man, owes much of his training as top ranch hand to a mysterious mentor "Bronco" Henry who trained him in his youth. George on the other hand is in charge of the business side of the operation.George is probably the least fleshed out of all the characters here as we learn virtually nothing about him throughout the 126 minutes of screen time. He's a passive character who seeks to avoid confronting Phil at every turn. His obsequiousness is on full display once he meets the widow and innkeeper Rose Gordon (Kirsten Dunst) and decides to marry her.Phil treats Rose terribly and one wonders from the outset why George does virtually nothing to defend her. Also treated poorly by Phil is Rose's effeminate son, Peter (Kodi Smit-McPhee), who Rose puts through medical school with funds accrued once married to George.For half the movie Phil is such an unlikable, nasty character that we wonder if there's anything interesting here to find out about. But around the midpoint, Phil suddenly takes a liking to Peter during his summer school break after it becomes clear there is a homoerotic relationship developing between the older and younger man.Nothing physically is shown between the two but we learn that Peter finds a stash of nude male photos in a Physical Health magazine belonging to Phil. The rugged ranch hand is also shown masturbating outside and teaches Peter how to ride a horse. What's more, as a token of his interest, Phil begins fashioning a lasso from animal hides (most of which he was planning to dispose of by burning them anyway).The "big" suspense in the film is when Rose seeks to retaliate against Phil by giving away the animal hides to a couple of Native American peddlers who are seeking to effect a trade while visiting the ranch. Phil is furious but Peter mollifies him by giving him a hide from a diseased animal so he can complete work on the lasso.I'm not exactly sure why Peter doesn't mention that the hide is from a diseased animal but the upshot is that Phil contracts anthrax and dies. End of story.The downbeat ending is somehow supposed to be tragic but why should we care for Phil at all given his earlier outrageous malefic behavior? I guess it's because by no longer denying his homosexuality and acting upon it, that proves that he's some kind of noble character.None of the characters here have much of a backstory and the dialogue is more geared toward playing up the homoerotic nature of Phil's inner conflict than rooting all of them in the sociopolitical reality of 1920s Montana (although I will admit they found some really nice antique cars that add to the overall impressive production design).Cumberbatch takes on the role of despicable villain in the first half and then morphs into the "sensitive" soul afterward. His acting is good for what it is-fulfilling all the requirements of the mediocre melodramatic writing on display here.Dunst as Rose has little to do except emote as the afflicted alcoholic and Smit-McPhee as Peter can only play the laid-back artist-med student not given to saying much at all. As for Plemons as brother George, as previously stated, he was burdened with what one could easily describe as a "non-part."With little suspense and hardly much of a payoff, The Power of the Dog can be best thought of as "Brokeback Mountain lite," a tale of repressed homosexuality which finds only a modicum of highly charged expression.
2 Since she made The Piano, Jane Campion has become a cult figure in movies. Any of her movies will, therefore, have a devoted following, regardless of their quality.Here's my take on this one, which I didn't like.Yes, the exterior cinematography is often very beautiful.But the rest left me detached, unmoved, and unimpressed.The script is full of very artificial dialogue that often goes nowhere.Most of the scenes move at the speed of molasses in January. Endless moments are presented as significant because they move slowly and there is next to total silence.I just didn't care. Some previous reviewers said this created tension. I felt no tension whatsoever.Nor do I see this movie as displaying great acting. Not the actors' fault, certainly. They were given little to work with. Endless pained expressions do not constitute great acting, especially in a sound picture.I stuck it out until the end. Thank God it was on Netflix. I don't think I could have made it all the way through in a movie theater. Despite what some of the previous reviews suggest, there is no surprise ending. The truly bizarre boy turns out to have a backbone, of sorts, and that's about it.Watch it at your own risk, and make of it what you will.
5 The British have a term that applies well here, in my opinion: "A bit rubbish." This movie was "a bit" a lot, or rather, a lot of "a bit"! Here's what happened: This guy, Phil, is a bit too dependent on his brother. So when the brother finds a wife, Phil behaves a little bit nasty towards her. But then he gets a little bit nice towards her young son, and then the son, who was a bit along in his medical studies, kills Phil in a clever way and gets away with it - because Phil was a bit nasty to his mother.And, um, that's it. I found this movie incredibly dull. Well-acted, sure, but the story and the reactions were just... petty. Insubstantial, undramatic, a little bit of this, a little bit of that, nothing major of any kind. Super-damn-DULL! And oh how it would have benefitted from being 30 min. Shorter!! Gah.It's not that the story didn't have potential. With a more dramatic way of presenting things, so it felt like it mattered, it could have been okay.
8 The Power of the Dog is Jane Campion's first film since Bright Star in 2009. Since then Campion has concentrated on television with underwhelming results.Adapted from a novel by Thomas Savage published in 1967. Several attempts have been made to film it in the past. This included Paul Newman. I guess that it might have been a difficult story to adapt.Set in Montana in 1925. Benedict Cumberbatch plays macho alpha male rancher Phil Burbank. He is a learned man who prefers to get his hands dirty and be with the company of other cow hands. He has a sharp tongue and can be casually cruel.Phil also pushes his brother George (Jesse Plemons) around, constantly calling him Fatso. Both run the ranch together with George doing more of the business side of things. It is noticeable that despite the name calling, both brothers are close. They even sleep in the same bed. Phil likes to talk about Bronco Henry. The man who taught both of them to be ranchers, live life in the wild west and the older man was very much a mentor to Phil.Phil's cruelty comes to the fore when Phil and his cow hands go to a restaurant run by widow Rose Gordon (Kirsten Dunst.) Phil's ire is aroused by her thin effeminate son Peter (Kodi Smit-McPhee) who makes paper flowers. Phil delights in mocking them both.His anger is deepened when brother George marries Rose. He actually punches a horse. She and Peter come to live in the ranch but Phil rejects them both. Phil delights in his cruelty, playing mind games that drives Rose into alcoholism.Peter whose late father was an alcoholic who killed himself. Peter realises that his mother's life is descending into a living hell.The Power of the Dog has a slow burn opening. It takes a while to get going. It is obvious that Campion has adapted the screenplay and directed with subtle economy.You have to concentrate on the visuals and the subtle information that has been imparted. There are clues thrown here and there. There is a scene where Phil asks Peter to look at the mountains and say what he really sees. The answer surprises Phil.The second half in retrospect is actually a revenge thriller. The victims are not Peter and Rose. It is Phil himself.Peter finds out that Phil is a closeted homosexual. He plays on that to get close to Phil which succeeds. Phil genuinely befriends him, teaches Peter to ride a horse, be a rancher.As they talk Peter mentions that his father always told him to be more kind. Something Phil disbelieves. When both of them trap a rabbit that has been injured. Phil tells Peter to kill it, it seems Peter will not be able to do it as he casually strokes it but quickly snaps it neck.It all points to Peter who studies medicine, is planning for Phil to be the next person he will kill in order to save his mother.By the end I was really taken in by the film. The more I thought about it, the more I liked it. In fact a few days later, I wanted to watch it again. Something I rarely do these days as I find most movies disposable.The best performances are from Cumberbatch, Dunst and Smit-McPhee. The biggest surprise is Cumberbatch.Of all the Marvel superheroes, he would not had been my first choice for Phil. I can see Robert Downey jr, Jeremy Renner, Chris Evans and Mark Ruffalo playing him.Cumberbatch does quirky and nerdy types. Here he really looks like a cowboy and he must have spent hours in the gym.
1 Jane Campion's movies are very much hit or miss... actually, most of them are a miss because, regardless of the plot, they offer fantastic sceneries coupled with total lack of tension. Once again we find here some magnificent landscapes, if you are into desolated, jagged hills and houses lost in the middle of nowhere and unsympathetic, dull characters who can hardly string a couple of words together.The plot is about wealthy, arrogant, bad-mannered Phil who resents Rose, his brother's George wife. Rose is a widow with a grownup son named Peter, and she might have married George out of interest. Is that any of Phil's business? Clearly it isn't, but we should buy into the fact that Phil is so angry and therefore so nasty to Rose that she turns into an alcoholic because of her mental anguish.When Peter moves to the brother's ranch, the tale takes a weird homoerotic turn, as in gay cowboy porn - but stylish - with plenty of male naked buttocks and glittering muscles; unfortunately, not even that manages to inject a sparkle of vitality. Think about a mix between Giant and Brokeback Mountain, but ten times slower and with stilted dialogues interspersed by long silences.PS the story is supposed to take place in Montana around 1925, but it was filmed in New Zealand and it definitely conveys more Lord of the Rings vibes than any western you've ever seen. Also despicable is the cruelty to animals. I know stuff like that goes on, but I don't need to witness it, thank you very much Ms. Campion for sticking to brutality between people.
1 I don't see what all the fuss is about. We tried to get through this twice. I guess we made it but fell asleep most of the way through. Depressing movie about a jerk who picks on the gay kid. I guess it will get awards because the gay kid is the victor. It was slow and depressing and makes you happy you are living in 2022.
9 Two brothers born into wealth and privilege take over their family's cattle ranch in the wilds of 1923 Montana. One of them (Jessie Plemons) conducts himself the way you'd think a college educated man would. The other (Benedict Cumberbatch), despite having a degree from Yale, struts around like an alpha dog, staying dirty and stinky on purpose because he thinks that proves something about himself.Into this dynamic comes Kirsten Dunst, Plemons' new wife, and her gentle, effeminate son (played by Kodi Smit-McPhee in the film's best performance). We think this movie is going to be about Cumberbatch terrorizing this unwanted female and her sissy son, a sort of cross between "Giant" and "There Will Be Blood," until something really unpleasant happens. But writer/director Jane Campion has other things on her mind. Something, or many, unpleasant things happen, or maybe they're not so unpleasant depending on your point of view. But I guarantee that at least some of them won't be the things you're expecting."The Power of the Dog" reinforces what I already knew -- male macho posturing and bullying is usually a desperate attempt to disguise feelings of inadequacy and self doubt. Though set in 1923, the film is so clearly about now, and I was all in for a movie where the character who has reason and science at his back proves himself to be far stronger than the character who huffs and puffs like the big bad wolf. After all, we know how things turned out for the wolf.This is a tense, expertly acted, and endlessly fascinating drama. It's rare that I find myself sitting in a theater having literally no idea where a movie is going, but this one is unpredictable in the best possible way.Grade: A.
1 "The Power of the Dog" is a film that I decided to watch because I heard it was nominated for many Oscars, but I must say it is very bad, so bad that I stopped watching 20 minutes in. I couldn't even tell you what it was about. It seemed like they wanted to make a Western that is the exact opposite of the old ones from decades ago, so they got some hipsters and had them make paper flowers and hula hoop, while other hipsters bully the first hipster. My rating: 1/10, and once again Oscar nominations are a negative indicator of value and more of a way of virtue signaling or giving a lifetime achievement award to people who made great work before but which was then snubbed due to it being actually good and popular. Beam me up.
2 So many reviews gave the feeling like the ending made it worth while. Like there was a huge twist. Nope!To say this is a slow burn is an insult to slow burn shows. This dragged. It explained little, so here is my take on it.It's about a crass gay rancher who is vicious to everyone but seems to have tons of boot lickers around him based on his ranching prowess. His brother appears to have some class but seems whitless and adds little to the movie. They add intrigue to the kid, but do nothing with it. It flails for 45 minutes before kind of settling on a kid who seems high functioning autistic and a gay cowboy who may or not realize he is gay. But is bitter and stuck in the past over the death of his love for his fellow rancher.Any of these topics could have been good. But the show avoided taking any path in any depth enough for you to care. If the show hired an editor to trim the movie down by 30-45 minutes, it would have been more entertaining.
2 I am not a particular fan of director Jane Campion. I have seen the majority of her films and they are often murky, jumbled and dreary populated by unappealing characters conducting themselves in ways no one in real life ever would. Her most notorious film is The Piano. It is indisputably her best, but to say that it is supremely flawed would be a massive understatement.When critics and Oscar voters began inventing superlatives in regard to her latest endeavor, The Power of the Dog, I somehow had forgotten her hit-and-miss history. I usually love Benedict Cumberbatch and Kirsten Dunst, and the story sounded like it might be interesting, so I looked forward to viewing it. Fasten your seatbelts, ladies and gentleman, because this is a real stinker.Where to begin? The film has some nice cinematography featuring bleak landscapes. Then again, everything in this picture is bleak, so I guess that is no surprise. I will say that I did not particularly buy the setting as Montana.The story can basically be summed up as miserable people being miserable...the end. The film runs slightly over 2 hours, but easily feels like 4 hours. Largely because so very little actually happens and what does is relentlessly unpleasant. Seriously, we have just pushed through two years of COVID - does anyone really want to trudge through this experience? Not every film needs to be upbeat and some brutal films are compelling. However, this is none of those. It is literally like mainlining an IV of pure depression. Those on anti-depressants - beware!The action - and I use that term very loosely here - centers on two brothers who run a Montana ranch. The steely macho Cumberbatch and the civilized plain Jesse Plemmons. Plemmons, Cumberbatch and their rowdy crew stop at a local hotel/restaurant run by widow Kirsten Dunst and her young son Kodi Smit-McPhee. To the apparent delight of the crew, Cumberbatch is grossly rude and terrorizes and mocks the two of them reducing them to blubbering messes.In one of the film's many ridiculous developments, Plemmons returns later to apologize and an offer of marriage for Dunst. In a further peak of absurdity, Dunst accepts, even though it means moving herself and her overly sensitive son into closer contact with the brutish Cumberbatch. Cumberbatch naturally wastes no time launching a campaign of abuse, mental torment and increasingly demonic manipulation against the "intruders".I literally have no idea what anyone sees in this film. It cannot even remotely be described as entertaining. Watching it is an absolute chore. The characters are either hateful beyond compare or so passive as to be mere wisps. And will someone please explain to me why the whole canard of the macho bully being a closeted gay guy taking out his frustrations on the world is still considered edgy. There are tons of closeted gay men who do not act this way, but literature and film seem to think this is the norm. This is also nothing new. It is a cliche and listening to critics and fans of this film act as though it is some shocking twist rather than a cliche one could see coming from 15 minutes in just makes them seem idiots.I usually enjoy Dunst, but this film does her no favors. She plays a simpering passive victim from start to finish. She has no backbone and is incapable of standing up for herself or her son. Instead of facing down Cumberbatch or packing up and leaving, she becomes a walking whipping post who melts into drink and despair. She never makes us understand why she accepts the out of the blue proposal or why she would think living in close proximity to Cumberbatch would ever work. Hers is less a character than a plot contrivance.Smit-McPhee plays the son with the weirdness quotient dialed up to 50 and enough over the top tics to make Norman Bates appear normal. Plemmons is utterly colorless. He is as stiff as a board and seems completely clueless as to what is actually happening or how to be proactive in any sense.And finally, the elephant in the prairie - Cumberbatch. God is he awful here. Let us start with something good. He strips naked and shows everything - so congrats for that. Otherwise, he is miscast in the extreme. His American accent is off-key enough to prove distracting. The role seems meant for a rough-and-tumble old school man-of-the-earth cowboy type. Cumberbatch, looking pale, gangly and aristocratic here, does not even come close to cutting the mustard, no matter how much over the top swaggering he trowels on. Reviewers seem to have doubled down that the reason everyone puts up with the character's brutish, bullying behavior is because of his "charisma" and "beguiling" nature. Was he? I beg to differ. I found nothing charismatic or beguiling about this character. He treats most people like garbage - at one point he even beats a horse for no discernible reason other than his frustration at being in the closet. He manipulates and torments pretty much everyone in his orbit.I hear this film often described as a "slow burn". When applied to Oscar dramas, I have concluded that this is code for "endless slog". This is a dreary, dull, pretentious, and woefully unpleasant waste of time that ostensibly should only appeal to those who like watching someone pull the wings of flies for fun.
2 Pretentious empty symbolism. Annoying repetitive music motifs that will undoubtedly be stuck in your head.Lots of very long, slow pointless scenes where the footage was just focusing on flies buzzing around or people stepping in muddy puddles.The plot would suddenly skip a whole chapter and audience members are just expected to know everything that happened, with no context or clues as to what actually happened.There was not enough dialogue to grasp what the situations were. It's a struggle to comprehend as the acting was wooden and subtle.None of the actors showed any facial expressions.Costume was incorrectly dated. The clothing choices were far to modern to have existed in the supposed era. It's also full of prop historical inaccuracies which completely destroys the immersion of the film
Why did it take several chapters for Phil to braid one rope? Obviously there was "symbolism" there but whatever the meaning of it is supposed to be, doesn't make any sense. It literally takes about 20mins to make a braid. It's not that deep.Stop trying to make a metaphor out of it. It's a rope. Go and hang yourself with it.The Rose character development was so predictable and shallow.As a non-boomer I had to ask several people why the cowboys were laughing about Peter's trousers. Apparently there we're "baggy" which supposedly is justification for bullying and harassment.The scene were Peter clearly cannot ride a horse even after 3 weeks, is only put in in the film to get the plot moving, no other reason. Yet he miraculously is able to ride on ride own a few minutes later. What?? Impecable logic.The final scene is full of bible cringe.Just throw the whole film in the bin.
6 2021's Nomadland: a gorgeous, critically unimpeachable slow-burn drama that can't live up to the hype and is just a bit too oblique for my taste. However, it's also reminiscent of Assassination of Jesse James and There Will Be Blood, both of which required a second viewing for me to appreciate them fully...so who knows? Maybe it's actually great? That certainly seems to be the consensus...?
3 Another Oscars hit that left me cold, POWER OF THE DOG is an extremely slow moving arthouse western that has very little to say for itself. We're stuck in a small interior with a brutish Cumberbatch and a sensitive kid, and after an age a romance plays out. It's extremely predictable and understated to the point of being utterly boring and without merit. No thanks!
2 Drama, Romance, Western
For the western part, yes it is and the sole reason to watch it. Been a while to see one.Romance? Like seriously
Drama, what nonsense stupid senseless complete waste of time.I am very surprised to see once again the high ratings for the movie, admittedly Benedict Cumberbatch was good with his acting but rest of the cast...........
Kirsten Dunst, looking too old, too too old. Never liked her in Spiderman series, as she made the worst MJ till date. Jesse Plemons, well he played as much as he is in the actual life with Kirsten Dunst, in other words, there or not there who will notice.Pass this one off.
7 In 1925 Montana, wealthy rancher Jesse Plemons marries widowed Kirsten Dunst and assumes responsibility for seeing to the education her her son, Kodi Smit-McPhee. The youngster wants to be a surgeon, but his swishy manner draws the rancor of everyone. This includes, at first, Plemons' brother and partner, the unwashed, contemptuous Benedict Cumberbatch. He has been tormenting Miss Dunst from the get-go. Suddenly he changes in his attitude for the adolescent.At a store after the movie, a clerk noticed my ticket and asked my opinion of the movie. "It's a study in varieties of self-contempt," I said, "With a Patricia Highsmith sociopath thrown into the mix." The writer-director, Jane Campion, has long focused on studies of people who don't fit into the muscular, masculine world that is mythic to Australia. Here she has focused on a similar society in the closing days of the Old West, and produced a similar work from Thomas Savage's novel.The dictates of society are relentless. The performances are sterling. The camera work by Ari Wegner is gorgeous. Ms Campion doesn't just lay the homoerotic symbolism with a trowel; she backs the cement mixer up and upends it over everything. And in the end, I wished that I had never heard of any of them, so annoying -- at best -- did I find them. There's not one admirable individual to be found, and I deeply regret having spent more than two hours with the bunch of them. Perhaps this was a story that needed to be told, but it was not one I needed to have told to me.
13 September 2021 The Power of the Dog (2021) is an exceptional and complex film from Jane Campion. She wrote and directed this Western set in Montana in 1925 (it's based on a novel). Story has two dour brothers (Benedict Cumberbatch, Jesse Plemons) who live together in a massive barn of a house on the plains. When Plemons ups a marries a local hotel keeper (Kirsten Dunst) it sets in motion a weird tale of repressive rage.Plemons is a tad dim and doesn't realize that Dunst is unsuited to ranch life. She herself quickly starts hitting the bottle. Her son is gay and is even more unsuited to the life than she is. Cumberbatch is a filthy, stinking cowboy who resents the mother and son. Things start getting interesting when we learn he has a Classics degree from Yale. He has a few more secrets that unfold when he seems to befriend the awkward son.Slow and complex story keeps the viewer wondering exactly what's next. Nothing is ever really explained or articulated but we can read between the lines. The first clue may be that the brothers share a bed in the rambling house.Acting is terrific and Cumberbatch and Dunst turn in especially good performances. The son is played by Kodi Smit-McPhee. Keith Carradine shows up briefly as the governor. Campion filmed this one in New Zealand and the whole look of the film (all those damned dark, muted colors again) is other worldly. Neflix is running this one and it's definitely worth a look. This one might be in the awards running later this year.
4 Every year there seems to be at least one Oscar-nominated movie that fails to resonate with me. They are usually artistic but ultimately dull. It's my fault, I guess, for regularly buying into the critic recommendations and the need to find the next profound moment in film.Last year it was Minari, before that, Roma, The Shape of Water, the list goes on... and here we go again.I wouldn't be surprised if TPOTD wins across the board for amazing dust storm effects, profound acting, especially realistic cowboy hats, etc.; but most of all, this is essentially a movie about next to nothing.Does the wife get cheated on, does the boy get seduced, does the family get beleaguered by indians? Does anything happen? No. The nasty stinky brother dies of anthrax in the end, which is about it.
5 CLEANER is somewhat of an enigmatic movie: it starts out as though it is going to be a sassy comedy about a retired cop whose job it is to 'clean up' after homicides (a distinctly messy and repulsive job), turns into a rather grisly crime investigation story, adds a dollop of 'ain't life grand', and finishes as an expos of police corruption. The story line by Matthew Aldrich is further fragmented by being so full of holes that the audience has to toss credibility overboard in order to make it through, and the method of direction by Renny Harlin can't seem to settle on which style to take. It is all kind of a mess and justifies the straight to DVD move. The saving grace of the film is a cast of stalwart actors who can make even a shaky script palatable. Tom Cutler (Samuel L. Jackson) is a 'retired' cop who makes his living cleaning up the gory remainders of criminal acts of homicide and other grisly crimes. We learn his wife was murdered some years ago, leaving him as a single father of the bright and charming teenager Rose (Keke Palmer). Cutler happens on an assignment to clean a particularly gruesome homicide scene in the home of one Ann Northcut (Eva Mendes in a nicely understated role) and as the convoluted story develops, Cutler realizes that the crime scene represents a culmination of forces that threaten to uncork a long history of police corruption - a history that involves him and his best friend Eddie Lorenzo (Ed Harris) and the tough Detective Jim Vargas (a terrific Luis Guzmn). How the story ties together and ends is too loose to convey and would ruin the minimal drama present. Each of the actors, even the minor roles played very well by such artists as Jose Pablo Cantillo and Robert Forster, give it the full court press. But the see-through script and the jumbled camera work and direction prevent this from being a significant film. Grady Harp
6 The premise of 'Cleaner' is quite clever; a professional cleaner cleans up a crime scene, only to discover that, in spite of original appearances, the police had not recorded the crime at all. Unfortunately, as he tries to find out who has put him up to this, the film descends into regulation clich. It's not an awful film, but it is the sort of movie in which, shortly after each character appears, you can reliably predict what their ultimate role in the plot will be; and where none of the various twists comes as a real surprise. Everything is improbably connected; there's a beautiful woman (although surprisingly no sex); it all comes down to a personal showdown at the end. It's watchable; but scarcely interesting.
10 August 2008 Tom Cutler is a crime scene cleaner  his company is contracted to remove the blood and gore left behind when the authorities have removed the bodies. A former cop, Tom is also a widower with a teenage daughter to look after. Tom gets a job like any other and cleans the mess from a bloody murder in a rich neighbourhood so that nothing remains for the family to see. He goes back the next day to find the family home but that they have no knowledge of his work or indeed that anything untoward happened. Trying to contact the cop who gave Tom the job turns out to be a dead end and a fake name, meaning that Tom has effectively deleted all evidence of a murder before anyone else knew about it. When the police launch a "missing persons" enquiry into a high-profile man in a police corruption case, Tom quickly finds himself up to his neck in trouble.The cast attracted me to this and I wondered why, with all these people involved, I hadn't heard of it. Watching it helped me understand why it never came to my attention because it doesn't ever get going before it hurts itself. The concept is good enough as we have a former police officer now cleaning crime scenes used to delete the record of murder. On paper what happens also works well as skeletons come out of the closet and the stakes get higher as Tom nears the truth, however when it comes to delivery on screen, it all falls apart. The opening of the film is brisk enough but when it gets to the point where it has to start doing something (ie specifically when the crime is discovered) the film seems to slip into neutral gear and just coast on as before. As a result we get lots of stuff that don't work and should have been minimised or removed and also lots of stuff that is too average to impress.What I am talking about is the lack of pace and tension in the film; I know that Tom is an older character and that a good thriller doesn't need shouting or running to engage but this film definitely needs some energy injected into it. It drags its way through the plot to the obvious conclusion (and, detail aside, it is pretty obvious) and it never really made me sit up and take notice. A lot of the problem is with the writing because on one hand we clearly have a film that is put together as a thriller but then on the other hand the writer seems keen to drive the film from the characters. Thus we have scenes of domestic troubles, moments with characters revealing things about themselves and, to be blunt, too much talking. It wouldn't matter if the film did this in a way that engaged me but at the same time it is attracting you with the thriller plot so that all this other stuff feels like a waste of time  they could have worked together but here they don't.The cast can do nothing with it either, although none of them really help themselves. Considering what better films all those involved have done, it is disappointing to see them struggle or fail in different ways. Jackson appears to have been mis-directed because he is looking for something from within his character instead of just flicking into "thriller mode". Neither the material nor the film rewards this approach and his performance ends up feeling like another distraction. He does work well with Palmer though (who herself is very good) but again this whole side of the film feels like a distraction. Harris is obvious and a bit lazy, while Guzmn plays it the way you expect. Mendes is the biggest let-down for me. I know many don't rate her but I think she is good at what she does but, here, she just struggles with her dialogue and character and is about as poor as I think I've seen her.Overall then what we have here is a flat film that never really sparks into life in any regard. The thriller core lacks energy and the associated threads of family etc are not allowed to grow and end up just being distractions. You can see the potential but without decided what it wants to be, general uncertainty has prevented anyone working too hard and has produced a surprisingly sluggish and dull affair.
4 Renny Harlin is a director whose talent seems to have diminished with every film he's made in the last twenty years. He first came to my attention with DIE HARD 2, one of my favourite movies all time, and then delivered a couple more entertaining movies during the 1990s (namely, the ones without Geena Davis: CLIFFHANGER and DEEP BLUE SEA). Since then, his once solid talent seems to be floundering: he made what might be Stallone's worst ever movie, DRIVEN, and then one of the worst films I've seen in a good while: 2006's THE COVENANT. CLEANER is his next film after that, and the good news is that it's better than its predecessor, but still a disappointing outing.The problem is that, despite a fine cast, this film looks and feels like a TV movie. The scripting is the worst thing about it, a sub-standard effort heavily derived from the likes of CSI. Although it's meant to be a thriller, this is a film utterly devoid of thrills; only the strength of the acting kept me watching. There's one good twist at the outset and then everything plays out in a conventional, seen-it-all-before way. The worst thing is the villain reveal, which is so completely expected it's actually wince-inducing, along with the whole reason for that person being the villain as well.Samuel L Jackson is a fine actor who seems to be mired in sub-standard material lately (SNAKES ON A PLANE anyone?). He gives a typically fine performance here, but his considerable talents are wasted. The same goes for Ed Harris, saddled with a nothing role. I was delighted to see Luis Guzman pop up in a larger role than he's usually given, and he's great too, although again wasted. Robert Forster delivers a cameo but the female lead is given to the horrendous Eva Mendes who never convinces for a second. This cold actress never ignites the screen and she's very poor here  although not quite as bad as she is in GHOST RIDER.Aside from the grisly death clean-up scenes (some of which left me feeling distinctly sickened) there's absolutely nothing to remember about this film  it's just another run-of-the-mill outing and nothing to get excited about.
7 This is a fun, relatively forgettable little flick. I saw a documentary on real life cleaners of this sort, and that is a nasty business. Samuel L Jackson does a good job, like he normally does. Cleaner is entertaining, and I think it does a pretty decent job sucking you into the story. Eva Mendes walks around looking like some computer animated hottie (that's just how she looks!) and also gets the job done.OK, let me address the elephant in the living room, here.. How did Renny Harlin go from something easily watchable and entertaining like this, to The Legend of Hercules? I just don't get that. Moving on.Cleaner won't keep you up at night, it probably won't be your all time favorite, but you are entertained while it lasts. Watching Jackson clean and talk about cleaning is pretty fun.
6 The concept of cleaner is really interesting. An ex-cop becoming a crime scene cleaner. It's unique. We usually see ex cops becoming PI's or something similar. It's kinda gross to think about it and even more to see it but it's a real thing so it got my attention. The cast is also excellent. Big names like Samuel L. Jackson and Ed Harris will always catch your attention. Unfortunately that's where the good ends.The convoluted plot is weak and unbelievable. Corruption, murders, betrayal, vengeance, affairs... it's like a bad telenovela. The ending is as weak as the plot. When the credits roll you're left with the thought of "what the hell was that?"
Maybe someday someone can take the good idea and make it into something worth watching. This was not.
8 Tom Carver (Samuel L. Jackson) is a former police detective, who turned crime scene cleaner. Which he cleans up the mess of people who committed suicide, accidental deaths or murder. After police are done investigate the crime. When Tom does his next clean-up of someone was murder in a high profile mansion. Then he later finds out that he was unwillingly set-up for a cover up. Which his supposedly last client Ann Norcut (Eva Mendes) is starting to ask questions why Tom was in her house, when no one was home. While his former partner (Ed Harris) tries to help Tom with the problem he's facing and while Tom's daughter Rose (Keke Palmer) is trying to ask her father, why her mother was murder awhile back. While the father and daughter relationship proves to be increasingly difficult, since Tom is never quite there for her.Directed by Renny Harlin (Die Hard 2:Die Harder, The Covenant, Mindhunters) made an stylish, interesting, sometimes very fascinating film. Harlin's latest film certain matured a lot, after making Hollywood movies they were always Hits or Misses. The visual style of the picture are the highlight. Scott Kaven's (Cabin Fever, the upcoming Paul W.S. Anderson's Death Race) cinematography are also good. The actors in the film gives good performances. The relationship between the father and daughter are one of the best parts in the picture. While the premise of first-time screenwriter Matthew Aldrich is somewhat original but his script could have been more complex.DVD has an sharp anamorphic Widescreen (2.35:1) transfer and an strong Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound. DVD includes an interesting audio commentary by the director, deleted scenes and a digital copy of the movie. This might have came straight to DVD in North America but it came out in Overseas in several European countries. Jackson, who's terrific as usual also worked with director Harlin in the underrated "The Long Kiss Goodnight" and the wildly entertaining "Deep Blue Sea". Which Jackson is also one of the producers of this feature. Luis Gusman appears in a small supporting role is always a hoot in any features he has appeared in. Robert Forster appears in a cameo as well. Fans of film noir will be modestly entertained by the movie. Certainly worth a look. Super 35. (*** /*****).
6 What ever happened to Hollywood creativity? There was an interesting idea , about the guy who cleans up the crime scenes and discovers the cover-up of some kind. So far so good, and then it all goes downhill It takes all of grand 5 minutes to completely figure out the whole plot. This movie is ridden with the tritest of clichs. Characters couldn't be more boring and predictable. And the tragic part is,in all of this you could see the potential for a great thriller. It looks like the talentless, behind the scenes moneymakers, once again asserted their rights and ruined yet another movie. Will someone finally get rid of this morons and let the filmmakers do their job as they seem fit.
5 Actually for once I was disappointed after seeing a Renny Harlin movie because I had high hopes for this one. Usually I've known in advance his movies would be bad but "Cleaner" seemed that it might actually be really good for a change. It's not really bad, but it isn't anything great either.Samuel L. Jackson and Ed Harris did their job very well in the leading roles and Harlin's direction was also good. Eva Mendes' performance wasn't anything to hooray for though. The movie started off well and I thought to myself: "This might be it. The movie that puts Renny back on the top.", but sadly no. The script is just too basic. You've seen different versions of this script on the screen many many times before. The characters and the world they live in might be totally different, but it's still the same generic plot. One thing that bugged me a bit was the musical score which didn't fit in some places at all.But as far as Harlin's movies go this is one of his better ones. It just needed that original surprise twist in the end that never came. I can't really recommend you go see this in the cinema, but it's worth a rent.
6 Cleaner is a surprisingly boring and lackluster movie beautifully photographed. The casting is superb and would seem to be a sure recipe for cinematic success--Samuel L. Jackson, Ed Harris, Eve Mendes and Luis Guzman. The dialog is decent and well acted. The plot is where this movie just completely drops the ball.The plot begins mildly unbelievably--A crime scene cleaner becomes unwittingly immersed in the cover up of a homicide--and then just snowballs downhill from there into a huge police cover-up (I don't want to "spoil" anything for any potential viewers) with an unbelievable plot twist and then ends in a thoroughly stupid and highly implausible ending.The upside and downside is this movie is beautifully filmed and with such talent, thought and effort that the cinematography itself keeps you thinking it has to get better and it only gets worse.I hope Ed Harris got paid a lot of money to do this film! Ed does a great job with the little he has to go with and proves what a great actor he is. Eva Mendes does a poor job playing a recent widow to murdered husband (is she angry/sad/sexy/conspiratorial/or just a gold-digger who married a sugar daddy who just got knocked off?). Luis Guzman does a solid job as usual.I seem to enjoy the movies where Samuel L. Jackson plays a supporting role or shares the lead rather than being the sole lead e.g. Pulp Fiction, The Negotiator, A Time To Kill, etc... In Cleaner he does a reasonable job with a poor plot until the end where his acting coupled with a bad plot twist left me wondering what I could have done better with the time it took to watch Cleaner.All in all I wish this cast and DoP would have had a better script. I would recommend that Matt Aldrich stick to acting and give up the script-writing. As I think everything was done well except for the storyline/plot aka the script. I give kudos to Renny Harlin (director) for a job well done.
5 There are quite a few films made. that for some reason or another go direct to DVD,playing in a few theatres in Europe.Viewing this tonight I can see why, they decided NOT to play this in any USA theatre. They would have needed a CLEANER to clean the mess.Matthew Aldrich's first screenplay may be his last,it starts with a good idea & goes downhill from that point on; the script was confusing, clich ridden & above all not very interesting.The director Reny Harlin was of no help here,He is far from a real good director BUT here he completely misses the boat.The cast is top draw & usually reason enough to see them in a movie, Samuel Jackson, Ed Harris, Eve Mendes & Luis Guzman do the best they can with what they have to work with.I also want to mention the fine performance by 14 year old Keke Palmer, She plays the daughter of Sam Jackson & is just excellent.If this had a more thought out script & better direction it could have been much better,.Ratings ** (out of 4) 62 points (out of 100) IMDb 5 (out of 10)
14 June 2008 In the 1994 movie "Leon" the assassin was also called a "cleaner." This movie is about a different kind of cleaner.Samuel L. Jackson is Tom Cutler, former cop and single parent, who now works for a cleaning service. One of his specialties is cleaning up the bloody mess at crime scenes after murders. He takes it in stride, wears all the necessary protective equipment, and uses his own personal favorite mix of cleaning agents and sanitizers to make sure all possible bacteria and viruses are killed. He is thorough and he is good.Tom's best friend and godfather to his daughter is Ed Harris as investigator Eddie Lorenzo. Eva Mendes is Ann Norcut and Luis Guzmn is Det. Jim Vargas.The murder mystery gets going when Tom gets a clean-up order for the home of the Norcuts. He finds a key under the flower pot and a very bloody mess on the white sofa, the floor, and the wall. When he leaves it is spotless. Another routine job.However, Tom shortly realizes that something is wrong, Mr Norcut seems to be "missing" and his wife knows nothing about the order to clean the place.A mostly interesting movie about solving this mystery about the disappearance of Norcut. Jackson and Harris are good, as they always are.SPOILERS: It turns out that Eddie was having an affair with Mrs Norcut. For reasons too complex to discuss here, it became necessary for Eddie to get rid of Mr Norcut, and he was the one who ordered the home to be "cleaned." In the final climax Eddie had a cocked gun to Tom's head and them we hear a gunshot. It was Tom's daughter who shot Eddie before he killed her dad.
7 I had very low expectations for this movie. Renny Harlin hasn't made a decent movie in many years so I expected the usual crap, but i was very surprised. It had good plot, very nice acting and was well made. Samuel L. Jackson plays a retired police officer who has a "Cleaning company". He cleans up murder scenes and other scenes of death. One day he does a job in a mansion and gets trapped in a web of deceit.The Movie unfolds in a low key, unusual for Renny, which usually has lot of noise and action in his movies :) It has lot of blood though(not surprising given the title...) So basically this movie is a good way to spent hour and half. Hopefully Renny boy is out of the slums....
4 Samuel Jackson is a former police detective who now is a cleaner; he goes into houses where people have died and remove the grit, grime, microbes and, when it's a violent death, blood. he gets a job in the suburbs, goes there, and finds evidence of murder. He documents it, cleans it, and the next day returns to find home owner Eva Mendes at a loss for his presence. She's concerned about her missing husband.Given the small cast of prominent performers, including Ed Harris as Jackson's former partner, Luis Guzman as a detective involved in a case involving Miss Mendes' missing husband, and Robert Forster as the guy in charge of the morgue, there isn't that much of a mystery; in addition, director Renny Harlin offers the audience a shot to give the duller members of the audience the answer. The script by Matthew Aldrich makes sure the subtext is never out of sight. Jackson's job is to make the unpleasant past vanish; he is trying to blank out the events that led to his leaving the police force. It's a waste of some fine actors.
5 Last seen together in "The Spirit", Samuel L Jackson and Eva Mendes are cast again in a thriller that sports an interesting concept, only to have that concept crumble towards the end, chunk by chunk. Not surprising then, that having worked with Jackson twice before, director Renny Harlin steps out of the action league for something along the lines of a whodunit crime thriller.For the most part, Jackson delivers in his role as a retired police detective currently in the business of cleaning up gruesome remains of the dearly departed. Could the title have been any more original? As Tom Cutler, his narration during the opening credits takes us through the repulsive and often overwhelming process of cleaning up a crime scene after forensics have taken away the corpse. As with most cases of death, natural or unnatural, the body is usually taken away for further examination by the coroner, leaving the next of kin to deal with the unsightly job of cleaning whatever remains are left at the scene of death. This is where Cutler comes in, a self employed private cleaner paid by the grieving next of kin to have blood, gore and other fluids spotlessly removed. On one such assignment, Cutler meticulously refurbishes the scene of a blood splattered homicide to its original setting only to learn shortly after, that the cleaning order did not come from the family of the deceased. Complicating the scenario is the absence of a dead body, with the wife of the supposed victim not being aware of a cleaning order in the first place. Realizing that he may have inadvertently destroyed evidence of homicide, Cutler confides in best friend and ex-partner detective Eddie Lorenzo. While Lorenzo (Ed Harris) and Cutler dig deeper into the mystery, they stumble across an increasingly evident case of police corruption of the highest order, a case in which Ann Norcut's (Eva Mendes) missing husband may be been a victim of. In the ensuing plot twist, Cutler establishes a motive, but not before establishing a link between Ann Norcut, Eddie Lorenzo and a ledger of cops on the take. From a directional perspective, Harlin's attempt at a genre outside his league is undeniably fresh and almost flawless. His use of under toned cinematography evoking a dark atmosphere intentionally disguises the film's secret of a murder most foul. Casting is also stellar with an exceptional performance from Harris, spot on chemistry between Jackson and Keke Palmer in an unstable father-daughter relationship and one of the best roles played out by Luis Guzman as the all too suspicious yet tough detective Jim Vargas. What undermines the potentiality of this being a superb thriller is the total disregard given in founding a solid plot. Not matter what the positives are here, the plot fails to carry its own weight and comes crashing through the roof in a disappointingly predictable second half. All said and done, figuring out who the killer is won't require any special powers of deduction, the biggest mystery perhaps is trying to figure out if the killer had an accomplice and if so, what becomes of this accomplice. Numerous other holes aside, the main problem may be the direction the plot takes, where Jackson's narration in the beginning suggests an indication of dark humor, whereas Palmer's narration in the end suggests something else altogether. In the end, what could have become a sensational whodunit along the lines of "L.A. Confidential", gets reduced to a half baked has-been, any 'Nancy Drew' fan would rather not write home about.
6 As a finnish movie fan, it's always interesting to see a new film from Renny Harlin. Especially when Samuel L. Jackson, one of the most distinctive actors ever, is in it.Jackson plays a crime scene cleaner, which you think would be what this movie is surrounded on. With all the C.S.I. stuff out there, it might interest some. But the scene where the story starts actually tastes like an idea where to start the story, not a theme for a movie where to excavate.The plot is an uninspiring one, from the beginning to the end. There are some attempted details and twists to bring some life and excitement to this story. I'm sorry to say they really fail. There is no depth in this movie, and every attempt to create some is exactly that - an attempt.This is bad cause the acting is pretty and the directing is nice. I can't really understand what the director saw in this script. Maybe the idea of creating something without special effects and exploiting the CSI-thing.I give this one 6/10. All points going to actors and the director.The movie is categorized as "Crime / Thriller". If you want anything good (and new) like that I suggest you see "Awake".
5 Tom Cutler (Samuel L. Jackson) is a former cop who now works cleaning up bloody crime scenes. He's a widower taking care of his teen daughter Rose (Keke Palmer). Cherie (Maggie Lawson) is his assistant. His latest job is a bloody scene at a mansion. The next day, he returns to find the homeowner Ann Norcut (Eva Mendes) completely unaware of what happened. Her husband is reported missing later. Eddie Lorenzo (Ed Harris) is Tom's friend still on the force. Det. Jim Vargas (Luis Guzmn) is investigating the missing man. It turns out that the man is about to testify against police corruption.Director Renny Harlin is competent but his style feels too limited. This has the look of an indie crime thriller with a lot of A-list talents. The Polaroid really threw me off and bug the heck out of me. This is definitely not a period piece. So why the Polaroid and where does he get the film? The tension is kept on a low boil. The problem is that the movie keeps secrets which seems very obvious. It makes the movie feel predictable. It's better off to lay out all the cards much earlier. It would allow the movie to build tension instead of wasting time trying to piece together Tom's history. If the audience is allowed to be on the same level as Tom, they would be allowed into the investigation. It also needs more action to heighten the tension.
7 A few years ago there was an incredible segment on NPR's "This American Life" about a cleaner of crime scenes. Shortly thereafter, Pruitt Taylor Vince played a character that felt indebted to this NPR piece on "C.S.I." ("Swap Meet"). The bringing together of science and death was perfect for the CBS show. I wasn't so sure if such a character could survive a Renny Harlin film.Pity poor Renny Harlin. It still feels that he's trying to recover from CUTTHROAT ISLAND (1995). His last few films have been lucky to even snag a U.S. theatrical release (MINDHUNTERS wasn't one of these), much less a festival screening. So, that must mean that Harlin is back on top, right? Yes and no.That CLEANER is playing a film festival is a vote of confidence in the Finnish filmmaker. Yet, CLEANER is a strange choice for a festival program. It's very much a straight-forward thriller along the lines of KISS THE GIRLS or U.S. MARSHALLS. The presence of Samuel L. Jackson, Ed Harris, and Luis Guzman certainly does well to give the film some credibility and solid performances (though Eva Mendes feels completely out of her league). The script by Matthew Aldrich is a solid, albeit fairly predictable, effort and Harlin does a capable workman's job bringing it to life. I won't object to seeing this one again on cable.
6 i was really looking forward to watching this when it came out,, now it wasn't a bad movie mind ya,, just wasn't quite what i hoped for coming from Samuel Jackson, and Ed Harris, now Eva Mendez can't act worth a hill of beans,, yeah she's hot but that's not enough for me in this movie. Reny Harlin directed this,, so that's part of the reason i thought with the star power of harris and jackson combined with Harlin that it would be better, you got a crime scene cleaner who unknowingly erases all of the evidence of a murder. you got a a retired cop jackson who is the crime scene cleaner,,going up against harris the current cop on the force,, i think mainly eva mendes's character is just for show,, let's call it eye candy. there is a pretty good mystery here at the beginning but there is something i don't quite know but it's just missing from this movie,, maybe not enough suspense, or action,, just can't seem to put my finger on it .
6 The good: only during the FIRST HOUR it is a great mystery thriller story with great acting performances. I really was into it until the first hour had passed...The bad: however good and mysterious the story is during the first hour, after 1 hour though the story tanks and becomes gibbledigook unbelievable. The very ending is totally ridiculous. Such a shame. I had seen this movie before, but still had a vague memory something was wrong with it and NOW I remember again (too late) what was wrong with it: the silly stories' plot turns, halfway through...The story: Samuel L Jackson is a crime scene cleaner, who suddenly becomes the main suspect of a crime scene he has cleaned. Did he do it? If not, who is framing him?
8 Just checked Renny Harlin's data in IMDb and this movie (which completely departs in quality and style from his previous work) is NOT mentioned, can anyone correct this please? About the movie itself, great detail in photography, many small takes that help make it much more enjoyable, good music, Jackson and Harris great performers as always, although Mendez is not as convincing in her role, maybe it's that I have never perceived her as a very good actress, but if the intention was to pass her as a subtle femme fatale then I guess she's worth checking out. The girl playing Tom's daughter does not feel completely convincing as a troubled young woman, maybe this is more the director's fault than a lack of talent from the actress' part. Mr. Guzman's parts are very intense, this guy almost always steals the scene in which he appears, we have seen him grow steadily in each movie and he really delivers.
3 It starts really interesting - the story develops around the main character, who runs a "cleaning business", specialized in cleaning up crime scenes. As a former cop, he runs into some strange situation, when one job does suddenly "offically vanish". Furthermore, he discovers some relation to an investigation into police corruption. His "Columbo Feeling" is justified, the deeper he gets into the background of the story. The good actors (Jackson, Ed Harris, Eva Mendes) play in an suspenseful story with some twists --- but only up to the last 25 minutes. (up to here 7 of 10 stars). SPOILER:::: Suddenly the movie looses its touch and in the end there is a completely unnecessary shoot-out, involving the 14-year old daughter, a betrayal of friendship and a not justified righteousness out of the character development... why not having Cutler giving up his investigation for the sake of the friendship? or having the daughter discovering some facts? or ... many possible much better story finishes are imaginable... a truly wasted ending!
6 Directed by Renny Harlin, "Cleaner" is slow moving but only 84 min or so runtime crime-drama. It doesn't brake any ground story or plot-wise, but is fairly interestingly narrated and played by protagonist Samuael L Jackson. There seemed to be too much reliance on showing blood and crime scenes as a grotesque sort of mood or setting tool. That kind wears thin being overused in the movie. However there is a decent amount of character development for Harris, Jackson, and Keke Palmer (satisfactorily playing Jackson's on-screen daughter). The main problem though I had towards the end was supposedly Mendez somehow romantically involved with a Harris character almost twice her age - didn't make sense or hold water. Still the movie manages to set a foreboding mood, and makes good of the locations. Music is serviceable as well. Give it a 6/10
8 this thriller is way superior to many other recent ones. i would not say "one of the best" because its entertainment aspects are not as high as the artistic ones at face value , or vice versa depending on anyone's moods or interests; after reading the previous reviews i was expecting some dumb plot@co...but no; beside the great acting all around, i found the plot to be quiet genuine for this genre, with a quiet REALIST twist and END ; as who actually "wins" or/and "looses". i can not find anything that is obvious, questions such as "it does not make sense?!", etc, as COMPARED with MANY another similar thrillers.this feature does not have "expected" "punch lines" but then again Samuel L. Jackson is a "punch" in himself))).basically this is an INVESTIGATIVE crime-thriller. it goes great at making the viewer asking "who", "why", "by whom", and so on, in a quiet "classic" way. however the viewer must keep track of story line as much as the visual. the one remarkable way i found this feature quiet original is its takes on the "twists"; the end is unorthodox for the moral and ethical person, and i can only presume this is the reason why the production-plot is-are considered "poor". myself i do agree that those moral and ethical values should be uphold in movies that CONSIDER/UPHOLD/PROMOTE themselves as TEACHING/DOCUMENTARIES.... but for a THRILER i am more then satisfied with the outcome here, that makes perfect sense and has a quiet high dose of reality towards anyone that might have heard/was involved in anything remotely close to this (movie's plot).the movie MISSES action scenes(i do not think there is anything BUT a single shooting and a thrown punch), but the actors and viewers thoughts will likely keep you interested if you want to get to the "bottom of this". i was not really impressed by anyone particularly, everyone was just as good as I EXPECTED from them = great.i can recommend this to anyone looking for or into better then average thrillers. for an investigative viewer this might be right up the alley REGARDLESS of how ANYONE thinks of "how" this movie "should" end...being a critic does not necessary make everyone a screenwriter or a producer, hehehe. however if you looking for butt-kicking or anything "scarry"(altrough there are a couple of frightful scenes but as in raising your interests not your "fear") this is NOT for you.
6 **SPOILERS** Making a very good living running a business involved in cleaning up crime scenes messes retired cop Tom Cutler is called over to the swanky section of town to clean up the mess left by John Norcut. Norcut had his brains, and everything else in his head, splattered over the living room furniture in what seems to be a mob hit-job.With no one answering the doorbell and in Tom finding the house-key under the doormat he makes himself at home cleaning up he place of all the blood and brain matter left by the killer who offed the unfortunate and very unlucky Mr. Norcut. It's the very next day when Tom came over to the Norcut residence to get paid for his services that he finds out from a surprised Mrs. Ann Norut that he was never called to the place and in fact the address he got, which is the same place that he's in now, is totally different from the one the Norcuts reside it!Getting in touch that evening with his good friend in the police department and former partner Det. Eddie Leronzo for a couple of drinks Tom finds out that this Mr. Norcut was in fact the bag-man for indited Police Commissioner Robert Vaughn who's to testify against Vaughn's at his upcoming corruption trial. With Norcut later reported missing by his wife Ann it becomes very evident to Tom, who realizes that he was murdered, that he was used by whoever murdered John Norcut to unwittingly clean up the evidence that would connect him to Norcut's murder! And at the same time framing Tom by being at the crime scene, and cleaning it up, for it! ***SPOILERS*** Tom soon learns, after Norcut's body was found and identified, from Ann that her husband had a secret list of every dirty and underhanded deal made by Commissioner Vaughn and the badge numbers of all the cops who were involved in committing them! Which included non other then Tom himself! Tom was on Vaughn's payroll and was involved in having the man who murdered his wife murdered in prison in retaliation! This has Tom's 14 year old daughter Rose, Keke Palmer, in finding out about her mom's killer being killed in prison feel that her dad, in being responsible for it and keeping it from her all these years, was no better then the criminals that he dealt with while a policeman!It soon comes out that all this slimy and criminal involvement with former Commissioner Vaughn by John Norcut as really a cover for the real reason behind his brutal murder! John Norcut's killer had a much deeper and personal reason for offing Norcut that had to do with his wife Ann whom he was having an affair with! And the most shocking revelation about it wasn't the affair with Norcut's wife Ann, or him finding out about it, that made John Norcut's soon to be killer go wacko! But what resulted from it!
4 An uninteresting new version of the classic Agatha Christie murder mystery, MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS screams everything that's wrong with modern Hollywood. It's been shot on a fake-looking green screen of snowbound vistas, and from the moment it randomly adds martial arts into the story early on I knew it wouldn't be much good. An impressive all-star cast is assembled only for the actors to be wasted in paper-thin roles, while Kenneth Branagh's Poirot gets all of the screen time and attention. He's surprisingly average in the role, easily exceeded by the earlier stars who played the character; Ustinov, for example, but in particular the definitive Suchet. The film adds humour and quirk to the tale but just begins dragging after a while, leading to a shrill and hysterical climax.
5 Difficult Kenneth Branagh makes, produces, and stars in good movies, and this version of Murder on the Orient Express features impressive sets, beautiful scenery, and lovely period clothes. An impressive case features Penlope Cruz, Johnny Depp, Derek Jacobi, Michelle Pfeiffer, Judi Dench, Willem Dafoe, and Kennth Branagh as Hercule Poirot. I think those who are not familiar with Agatha Christie, Poirot, or the story may very well like this movie.I, on the other hand, was massively disappointed, especially by Branagh as a sort of English upper-class colonel with a stick-on cavalry moustache and by the needless addition of an introductory scene at the Wailing Wall. But I am prejudiced. I read the 1934 novel decades ago and again more recently. I liked the 1974 star-studded version with Lauren Bacall, Ingrid Bergman, Jacqueline Bisset, Sean Connery, John Gielgud, Wendy Hiller, Anthony Perkins, Vanessa Redgrave, Richard Widmark, and Michael Yorkdespite the fact that Albert Finney was a very poor version of Christie's Hercule Poirot. In my opinion, the 2010 television version of the story starred David Suchet as the definitive Poirot, and the ending was far and away the best of all the versions with which I am familiar. So I think Christie fans may want to skip this edition of the classic.
1 This film apparently wants to be both a classic mystery and one that appeals to the video game generation. It doesn't work. The CGI backgrounds are so obvious, there is no real sense of place. Poirot has been turned into an action figure, racing up and down a rickety trestle in a completely unnecessary scene. You may be tempted to look for the button that shoots out lasers or something. The film focuses so much on Branagh that the audience never really connects with the rest of the cast, making the summation a bit baffling. In a final insult, the closing credits are accompanied by a perfectly dreadful, doleful song.A waste of time, talent, and money.
1 Awful movie where Kenneth Branagh self indulges himself at every turn. He clearly believes he is a great actor, but is in fact awful and unbelievable as Poirot. His directing is even worse and why all those much better actors agreed to appear in this trash is the real mystery.
5 'Murder on the Orient Express' as a book is, speaking as a big Agatha Christie fan, one of her best with a compelling and twisty story, many characters that are also nicely developed and one of her most ingenious endings (along with 'And Then There Were None', 'Death on the Nile', 'The Murder of Roger Ackroyd' and 'Witness for the Prosecution').Of the four filmed adaptations of 'Murder on the Orient Express' the only outstanding one is the 1974 Sidney Lumet film, which is one of the best cinematic Agatha Christie adaptations to me. The others are the David Suchet version, which is often considered one of the worst of the series but from personal opinion while very flawed it's better than given credit for, and the 2001 Alfred Molina version which is a mess. This latest version has a good deal going for it but feels like an adaptation too far. Actually saw it a couple of days ago, but was not sure what my thoughts on it were.Let's start with 'Murder on the Orient Express's' good things. It is a very beautiful film visually, very elegantly shot, lots of stunning scenery, sumptuous costumes that are evocative of the period and a train that has the grandeur and claustrophobic confinement that is necessary. The make-up is also wonderfully elaborate. The story does have some intriguing moments and it is a very clever one in the first place. Poirot is an interesting as he should be. Kenneth Branagh does a very nice job with the visual style, the script is thought-provoking and Poirot's crime-solving is delightful. The relative faithfulness to the source material is commendable too.He also stars as Poirot and generally is surprisingly good, he is very commanding, suitably steely and captures his crime-solving skills beautifully. He could however have brought out more of Poirot's lighter and more eccentric side, like the obsessiveness, there isn't enough of that here. The cast is star studded and generally the acting is very good. Standouts include Judi Dench, Michelle Pfeiffer, a surprisingly well-cast and suitably conflicted Josh Gad and Daisy Ridley, Derek Jacobi and Willem Dafoe also make much of not very much.Conversely, there are other elements that don't work. The mystery itself is intriguing as a story but doesn't have enough tension or energy. With so many characters and so much focus on Poirot, the exploration of the supporting characters is limited, meaning many of the characters are really sketchy in development. Branagh excels in the visual side of the direction but it comes at the expense at providing enough depth to the mystery.The film has a slow and awkwardly staged beginning and the ingenious denouement feels under-cooked and contrived for an ending so justifiably famous and brilliant. Just to make it clear, the problem is not the denouement itself, it's the execution of it that's the problem. While the cast are on very good form mostly, an exception is Johnny Depp. Really didn't get the sense that Rachett was a nasty piece of work, like in the book and especially Toby Jones' interpretation in the Suchet adaptation when talking of the previous versions, and that the performance was too much of a pale caricature of Depp's lesser roles. Have really liked a lot of what Patrick Doyle has done, but this is not one of his better music scores. It's not awful, but it is blandly uninspired and its slightly syrupy feel doesn't fit. Oh, and Branagh's moustache is like a character of its own and am really not sure as to whether that is a compliment or not.In summary, some good things that stops it from completely derailing but the lack of steam makes it a bland endeavour, this wonderful story and Christie deserve better. 5/10 Bethany Cox
1 It's time to stop with the remakes. Just because the movie has "famous" actors doesnt make it good.
2 This movie is actually a piece of art. It takes a really true artist to ruin Agatha Christie at her best and a Dench-lead cast and come up with a boring Branagh soliloquy. What he has made out of Poirot, it's just unbelievable. I don't remember him being described as a walrus in any of the books where he also has converstations with all involved so that readers/audience can participate somehow. In this movie it's just Branagh, he knows it all, he sees it all and he understands it all. Out of thin air. Such wonderful actors were gathered for this monstrosity and it felt as is they were there only a set for Branagh. And oh yes, when talking about scenery - which ignorant fool came up with alps between Vinkovci and Brod??????? The thing is, there is nothing going on in this film, no suspension building up, no substance. It is just a pale vessel for Kenneth Branagh to try shining. 
Watch 1974 Lumet version. And from what i hear, it's going to be a sequel, Death on the Nile. Watch 1978 John Guillermin version. Branagh should.
My review does not contain spoilers, there's not enough substance to spoil anything.
5 Why did Kenneth Branagh want to make a third version of this classic Agatha Christie story knowing remakes of classic films rarely are successful?The previous two versions the film in 1974 with Albert Finney as Hercule Poirot and the 2010 television version with David Suchet are both superb.If you haven't seen either you probably may enjoy this as I don't criticise the acting or production . It's an interesting cast I enjoyed Michelle Pfeiffer in the role of Caroline Hubbard so classily played in the original by Lauren Bacall and Branagh gives a credible performance as Poirot.What I missed was the elegance of the original the original score by Richard Rodney Bennett is one of my all time favourite film scores ,used so evocatively in the original film it gave the Orient Express an identity motif forever etched in film history.The music score in this attempt is bland and the song at the end credits so saccharine sweet and forgettable I've forgotten it already.If you make a remake film that's so well known you can't help comparing the original cast and in 1974 we had Albert Finney, Ingrid Bergman, Lauren Bacall , Dame Wendy Huller , Richard Widmark, Sean Connery, John Gielgud , Rachel Roberts and Vanessa Redgrave to name a few , yet not one of the new cast including Dame Judy Dench eclipses any of the performances of the original film . The costumes and sets are very good in this version but again in 1974 even without blue screens and cgi effects the elegance and luxury of the original is not improved with this version. So to me the good performances and production of this movie were wasted on this expensive film and the tweaking of the story line was totally unnecessary and in one instance concerning the Caroline Hubbard role ridiculous.Without giving anything away or spoiling it for audiences who haven't seen the original, apart from recommending the 1974 version to this one I was horrified at the hint at the end of the movie that Kenneth Branagh may remake "Death on the Nile"I sincerely hope not. What next will we a have Kenneth Branagh remake of Gone With The Wind starting himself as Rhett Butler and Anne Hathaway as Scarlett??.
4 I am a great fan of most of the movie adaptions of Agatha Christie's stories, e.g. Murder on the Orient Express (1974), Death on the Nile (1978) or Evil Under the Sun (1982) and all the other stories around Miss Marple, and I even read some of the books.First of all - Peter Ustinov and Albert Finney beat Kenneth Branagh in the role of Hercule Poirot. Kenneth Branagh is not doing a bad job, but the other two just play imo the role of the Belgian mastermind more convincing and with more charisma and with a finer, more delicate humor. 
2nd: even as the cast of the remake is filled with nowadays famous actors they cannot compete with actors like Lauren Bacall, Ingrid Bergman, Sean Connery or Anthony Perkins (just to name a few of cast from the 1974 adaption of Murder on the Orient Express).As the story is known the only outstanding "merits" of this remake are the implements of the issue of racism (for some historical reasons imo poorly implemented and presented). An easy way nowadays to get some applause and attention. As the story doesn't gives you the chance to hide behind Fx and action-scenes the attention of the audience is focused mostly on the actors/acting. Well, they all do are decent job, but imo nothing outstanding.Conclusion: Kenneth Branagh's remake is no pain in the a** but no "must-see". If I would have to choose for an evening movie to watch between Sidney Lumet's or Kenneth's movie, I would re-watch the classic from 1974. Recommendable for fans of the involved actors like Depp, Ridley, Cruz, Dafoe etc. and Kenneth himself of course. To the younger audience who may not know the version from 1974 - give the old one a chance at your home cinema.
1 So bad that it takes your breath away.Appallingly awful; it actually led me to revisit the David Suchet version made for British television, and upgrade my previously poor opinion of that strangely conceived version of Agatha Christie's best book.Of course, neither is a match for the extraordinary 1974 Sidney Lumet film, with its extraordinary cast and transcendent Richard Rodney Bennett score--despite the eccentric (but ultimately quite serviceable) performance of Alfred Finney as Poirot. But the Suchet version is better than this monstrosity.The less said about Branagh the actor's crazy rendition of the detective the better...other than to wonder how Branagh the director let him get away with it (or those mustaches!).Poor KB has not been himself since the break with Emma Thompson. Almost all of his excellent films were made before that divorce. Since then he has become progressively more self-indulgent and commercialized. If not his muse (or perhaps even a co-creator), she certainly seemed to supply some kind of governor, which is now sorely missed. Her career has moved on from strength to strength; his seems to be going down the crapper.**Added in 2022** His career is not completely gone to the dogs--see All Is True, and Belfast. I am happy to be proven wrong about that. But this sad sad film is still bloody awful!
2 I had a bad feeling about this...A disappointment of the century. Then again, it is a remake so I knew.The main problem of this movie is Hollywood's structural reliance on previous films and works already covered, but the actors and actresses are also phoning it in.For me It felt that I am rewatching something inferior, which I was, with little extras and improved special effects 30 years...There is absolutely nothing new and interesting.
4 Why remake Murder On The Orient Express when there are so many titles from Agatha Christie's bibliography that have never been made. Specially this one, directed in 1974 by Sidney Lumet - a genius at having many great actors within a confined space, think 12 Angry Men - with a cast that was to die for. The 2017 Kenneth Brannagh couldn't survive the comparison and it doesn't. I missed the elegance and the wit. Albert Finney got an Oscar nomination for his Hercules Poirot here Kenneth Brannagh's mustache will get all the attention as well as Johnny Depp's incomprehensible performance. Then, of course, the score. The original Richard Rodney Bennett became a classic. So, I ask you, was this necessary?
2 Boring movie! Was a bit sceptical in the beginning with the remake thing but I saw it - and I definitely disliked it! Full of dull and drab and you are going to snooze with some of the characters. I had the thought of it being really predictable and it was no surprise, actually many predictable scenes and that made it standard.
3 Ever since I heard that Kenneth Brannagh was going to direct, produce and star in this movie that I dreaded this would happen, and it did - Brannagh is so self centered that he made the whole film about himself, turning the rest of the cast into mere decorations. He managed to turn this Christie's masterpiece into a self agrandising piece of crap. Let's just say that it makes the 2002 version with Alfred Molina look like a masterpiece in comparison - and that's saying a lot, because it was simply one of the worst films I'd ever seen.
I don't know who the hell Brannagh is supposed to be playing, but it sure as hell isn't Poirot - not the one Agatha Christie wrote about. Anyone who has read her books about the egg shapped belgian sleuth - and I have, all of them, more than once - knows that he's nothing like the buffon Brannagh plays in the movie: Poirot walking on top of the train!?? Going beneath the train!?? Poirot willingly plunging his shoe into a pile of excrements just so both his shoes get equally dirty, all in the name of simetry!?? For the love of all that is holy! Poirot would have an apoplexy if only one of his shoes got accidently dirty with sh@t, can you imagine him doing it on purpose!? And what about that freaking mustache? It's so damn big it becomes distracting. Poirot's mustache is supposed to be big, yes, but not gigantic! And what's with the fly in his chin? Poirot doesn't have one, what was Brannagh thinking? Oh yeah, I forgot, he wasn't. And don't let me get started on the annoyingly fake french accent he uses throughout all the freaking movie - he even mispronounces repeatedly the plural for egg (oeufs), and Poirot is supposed to be a french speaking belgian! 
Also, on this film Poirot doesn't have conversations with people, as he does in the novel, he simply delivers endless monologues, conjuring facts out of thin air (or out of his ass, is more likely), things he couldn't possibly have known. He looks more like a witch than a detective. And he's everywhere, in every freaking scene. Ego much, Brannagh?
Brannagh's direction is so pedestrian it hurts. All those freaking camera angles - shooting the damn train from every possible position, shooting the action literaly from above, - were so ridiculous and pretensious, it's beyond words. It's the worst kind of in your face grandstanding directing you could get.
The screenplay is beyond bad - it completely butchers one of Christie's masterpieces by adding sex and violence that wasn't there, dumbing down her expert character development and plot, and adding artificial diversity just to please the hollywwod pc bullshit brigade. Don't get me wrong, I'm all in favor of diversity, but in movies that take place in na era where diversity exists, like today or the future. But in a story that takes place in 1934, in the most luxurious train in the world? Really? Can you really see a black doctor travelling in first class on the Orient Express in 1934? As much as I hate it, the answer can only be one to anyone familiar with the world's history: hell no! Nevertheless, that's what you have: an amalgamation of two characters into one black british doctor in love with a white middle class english girl, all for the sake of hitting the audience over the head with not so subtle references to the terrible evils of racism. If only Hollywood would get it in their thick heads that audiences only want to be told a good story, not to be preached at every time they go to watch a movie...
In conclusion, this is Poirot for the clinicaly dumb. You want to see the real Poirot, as he should be played? Watch the ITV series "Agatha Christie's Poirot" with David Suchet - he IS Poirot, period. Want to watch the best version of this story? Watch the 1974 version, directed by Sidney Lumet and learn how to correctly adapt Agatha Christie. But better yet, buy the freaking novel and read it - you still know what reading an actual book is like, don't you? Either way, do yourself a favor and stay away from this piece of garbage (I'm giving it three stars for the sets and costumes, for Judi Dench and for Johnny Deep, that's it).
6 This movie was clearly made for a modern audience with no familiarity with Agatha Christie's work. Branagh's portrayal of the legendary Belgian detective Hercule Poirot bares only a passing resemblance to the source material with an inconsistent accent, the wrong mustache, and only some of his iconic quirks and mannerisms. That being said, it is a decent mystery that follows the plot of the story pretty well and it would probably be enjoyable to people seeing the story for the first time and having no preconceived notions of what Poirot should be.A strong supporting cast featuring Michelle Pfeiffer, Daisy Ridley, Johnny Depp, Willem Dafoe, Judi Dench, Penelope Cruz, and many other familiar faces performs well. However, no one stands out in the way Ingrid Bergman did in the 1974 adaptation or Jessica Chastain in the 2010 version.There were also several semi-action moments that were incredibly out of character for Poirot, yet provided no actual excitement to justify the sudden stylistic change. The ending hints at Death on the Nile being the next mystery for this detective masquerading as Poirot to tackle, but Poirot should not be summoned to solve a murder, he simply stumbles upon them whenever he goes on vacation.
2 Another remake.
Why didn't Agatha Christie write the same book six times?
Badly written, mechanically acted and some of the worst cinematography I have seen all year. A boring adaptation of an older novel that every generation is already familiar with
1 Tried watching this movie on the plane and turned it off. So incredibly boring. But thought maybe it didn't transfer well as a flight movie so tried again at home. Shouldn't have bothered. He is no Poirot. Can't stand Johnny Depp. And the other so called big actors acted like they were in it for the money they were just 1 dimensional. What was with his apparent magical skills in knowing??? The book is so good. And Agatha Christie would have turned in her grave. I also agree with another reviewer who points out that however wrong it was. There would have been no black doctor and not one travelling first class in those days. Don't try and be politically correct when the story was set in a different era. (And yes. It was sooo wrong during that period but portraying it differently doesn't change it). All in all. A shocker of a movie
2 Sidney Lumet directed this Agatha Christie classic back in 1974. Albert Finney played Poirot and he was delicious and got an Oscar nomination for it. The rest of the cast was a cohesive group of heavyweights from Ingrid Bergman to Vanessa Redgrave, from Sean Connery to John Gielgud it also had a period reconstruction in scrumptious detail, wit, elegance and an infectious score. None of it is present in this new incarnation. None of it. No, the new version reeks of thoughtlessness and CGI. The actors seem to have been invited, not to play characters, but to watch Kenneth Brannagh act.
3 Who finances these unneeded remakes??How desperate is Hollywood for ideas and remakes?I mean you won't like it if you are not a fan of Agatha Chritie. You would not like it if you are a fan of her work! Why remake when better movie and series versions already exist? Even if those were not better yet another remake is uncalled for!!I am beginning to think cast and crew who work on these remakes are just cast out has-beens.
3 How can they make Agatha Christie boring and drab and monochromatic??Wow.They should have spent more time with shots of Palestine and Turkey to make this film more interesting. It is so boring and dull.May I suggest throwing in the towel perpetual remakers?
5 Just don't mess with something unless you can do it better. Kenneth Branagh directs and stars as Hercule Poirot in this rendition Agatha Christie's classic. The cinematography is worth talking about. Watching the fabled Oriental Express race through snow-swept mountains before it derails. The claustrophobic luxury train of course becomes the site of a murder that Poirot is all but obligated to solve.Big star names flood the cast; Johnny Depp and Michelle Pfeiffer are the only two who earned their paycheck. Also featured are Willem Dafoe, Josh Gad, Tom Bateman,Daisy Ridley, Leslie Odom Jr., Olivia Colman and Judi Dench. Branagh is all thumbs trying to show masculinity in the lead character.
3 I am not sure why Hollywood keeps remaking and remaking (hello Lion King) films. Well, I suppose it has to do with taking cash from simple folks and a lack of ideas but how about a minor nod to integrity and art, folks? Get some of the latter and stop making and remaking please.
Murder On The Orient Express is as needed in a new film as yet another trashy tattoo on a footballer or another Miley Cyrus affair, er marriage...
Specifically the acting is bad.. the girl from Star Wars should just throw in the towel and the director has forgone colors in favor of grey all over.
SIgh.
4 "Murder on the Orient Express" is a totally disappointing film, despite the great cast and art direction. The classic Agatha Christies novel and his detective Hercule Poiro never works in a boring screenplay with non-likable characters. Fans of Agatha Christie will certainly hate this forgettable version. My vote is four.Title (Brazil): "Assassinato no Expresso do Oriente" ("Murder on the Orient Express")
2 I am loathe to put the boot in to any film but the barrage of publicity for this, plastered all over the BBC news and chat shows - Graham Norton and Andrew Marr interviewing the phalanx of "stars" in a suitable subservient way - has pushed this reviewer over the edge. It is a film that didn't need a remake since the original was perfectly acted and nuanced. Perhaps that is half the problem - I know the "solution" and therefore the denouement is no surprise- but there is something more deeply flawed with this movie. Firstly - that moustache. Ridiculous and in the end it becomes something that you stare at and wonder just why something so outrageously stupid would NOT get in the way of what words the actor is actually saying. You stop listening and just try and see where it is stuck on. Branagh stomps around the various scenes like Peter O'Toole in Lawrence of Arabia (even down to walking along the top of the snow-covered carriage as if he was king of the castle) and then addresses the suspects in a scene that is reminiscent of The Last Supper painting. Everywhere he goes everyone knows him. Absolutely everyone. The opening scenes in Jerusalem are unnecessary and only serve to raise Branagh/Poirot into God like status where the population of the city are happy to take his word and trample a suspect policeman to death. No jury, no trial, lynch mob rules. All of which seems to bother the guardian of justice not one jot.Cut to the train - at last. We hear that the train is full and that Poirot will have to share a cabin for at least one night. As we discover that there are just 12 passengers on the whole train I wondered what happened to all the other empty berths on the other carriages. Let's just pass over that one. We are now introduced to the various characters. I don't know how much these stars got paid for this movie but boy, apart from Michelle Pfeiffer, they don't have too many words to say. The main action is sitting around looking suspiciously at each other. Depp is mostly unintelligible evidenced by his recent performance on the Graham Norton show where he found it difficult to string two words together. It is only Branagh who has the dialogue - and he works it as hard as he can into some kind of Shakespearean dialogue. Judi Dench plays the part Wendy Hiller took in the 1974 film. I know Dench is supposed to be the public's "favourite" but Hiller's sneering haughtiness will remain one of the highlights of the earlier film long after this one is forgotten.In the novel and the 1974 film the train gets stuck in a drift. Here it is struck by an avalanche and teeters on a wooden viaduct. Ain't CGI wonderful? The engine is derailed but never fear he comes a gang of ten workers who will dig away the snow and pull a 100 ton engine back on to the tracks - with their bare hands. Marvellous.And the music score? Possibly the most disappointing part of the whole film when one considers the classic Richard Rodney Bennett score for the 1974 film. Patrick Doyle's offering is just insipid and uninspired. The closing credits roll with some vapid pop song burbling away in the background. Well, if you've never seen the 1974 film and you don't know the ending you may enjoy this but perhaps you should locate that earlier film and wait for this to end up on the 3 shelf at Tesco. It would appear, to judge by the final quip by Poirot in the film that Branagh is planning to redo Death on the Nile. God help us.
3 Who knew?? Not every (any) film needs to be remade and remade and remade. Don't make a film if you have no ideas. That is how it works!
This film was terrible. It was dull in script and visuals and also made the boring and vapid morals seem even more tired.What I also suggest is that the eye for an eye stance is immoral and wrong. One crime does not deserve another. It is understood that Poirot brings the set of criminals to justice, but let's not assume that revenge is justified.
9 I don't write reviews often, but this time I felt I had to. The reason being that many of the earlier reviews of this film meant that this movie is too long and not worth seeing. I respectfully disagree.The film is long, I give you that, but the deliberate pace puts you in the right mood and it tells an intriguing story with sexy chicks, real men and a setting that seems real - and I really loved it. Cinema magic!
10 The first 2 hours is only for lovers of everything late 60s retro,great cinematography and outstanding acting. The last 45 minutes fasten your seatbelts because classic Tarantino kicks in.
10 I have seen this film twice in the last two days, I probably will see it many more times.Tarantino has shocked and surprised me before, but this was the biggest shock of all. The movie is set in the Hollywood of 1969, just before the brutal Manson family murders.Leonard Dicaprio and Brad Pitt give career high performances. Dicaprio is Rick Dalton, a TV cowboy actor who longs for movie stardom but has now hit the skids. Pitt plays Cliff Booth his stunt double/driver and all around best bud. They also represent doubles of each other in real life, though Dalton is angry and frustrated at his failings in life while Booth is perfectly happy to be his pal's gopher and handyman. There is good recreations of TV westerns of the time, Dalton had been the star of "Bounty Law" a show that never existed but is clearly based on Steve McQueen's "Wanted Dead Or Alive" series. Dalton is now playing guest role villains on TV. An actual series "Lancer" is recreated here, I never saw this show when it aired since it was on up against "The Mod Squad" in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Dalton has some funny and touching scenes opposite a precocious 8 year old actress while doing the "Lancer" episode. The late Luke Perry has his final film appearance in these scenes also.Margot Robbie has an almost magical presence playing actress Sharon Tate. Tate unfortunately is best known today as the most famous of the Manson family murder victims. We see not only how beautiful she was but also how good and kind she was as well. One of my favorite scenes is when she goes to a movie theater to watch "The Wrecking Crew" a film she made in 1968 with Dean Martin. We see actual clips of the movie, (with the real Sharon Tate) and cuts back to her reactions, she becomes delighted when the audience laughs at her comedy bits and applauds at her fight scene with Nancy Kwan.The film starts to turn dark when Cliff picks up a teenage girl hitchhiker who wants to be taken to Spahn Ranch, a run down movie set where he once worked. I have read nearly everything about the Manson case, so I knew where it was going now. Cliff sees a bunch of mostly hippie girls hanging around and asks if George Spahn the original owner of the ranch still lives there. The scenes at the ranch are quietly disturbing. Dakota Fanning (I did not recognize her) plays Squeaky, one of the real life Manson girls. Her vacant eyes and cold manner make for some suspenseful moments. Cliff is concerned about his old friend George and demands to see him. He finds him now old and blind (Bruce Dern in a great cameo) but at least alive. Cliff is still suspicious but leaves the ranch.The final act comes up for the biggest shock of all. Rick has returned from several months filming some spaghetti westerns in Italy.He has also gotten married to an Italian actress. It is now August 8 1969. Cliff and his faithful pit bull Brandy are staying the night at Rick's house. Sharon Tate and some of her friends arrive at her home (which is right next door to Rick) to spend the evening together. Then Manson followers Charles "Tex" Watson, Patricia "Katie" Krenwinkel, Susan "Sadie" Atkins and Linda Kasabian are driving up the road. I knew what was coming and was dreading this moment, I was hoping that Tarantino would not show the gruesome murders but I was preparing myself.
Then Rick hears them driving up and has an angry altercation with them, then I was a bit surprised that real life characters were suddenly intermingling with fictional characters on a night when a horrible historic moment happened. When Rick goes into the house, the killers suddenly realize that he was the star of the TV show "Bounty Law". Then psycho Sadie goes on a rant about how TV showed her generation how to kill by showing murders every week on the small screen. I had heard some Manson followers had actually said this. Linda is too scared to go with the other three and takes the car keys and drives off leaving them. Another change in the real story, Linda did not participate in the murders but did stay with them, so once again I am getting bewildered. Tex, Sadie and Katie than decide to go to Rick's house rather than Sharon's. I am wondering are they now going to kill them also? Then the most surprising thing happens, Cliff, his pit bull and Rick decide to fight back against these scummy creeps leaving them to be battered and massacred. Brandy has some great scenes as one of the most heroic dogs I have seen in film. My head was reeling by this time, I kept thinking "Are they really doing this?" Then came the ending, Rick is now safe, Cliff injured but alive. And now Rick gets to meet his next door neighbor Sharon and her friends. I am still in shock but then for the first time we see the title on screen "Once Upon A Time... In Hollywood" and then I finally get it, this is a Hollywood story not real life, this is what we wish would have happened.I finally had to see the film again for a second time so I could actually enjoy that climatic scene, without the dread and confusion I had the first time.
This is a phenomenal work, like nothing I have ever seen and probably never will again.
4 Once Upon a Time ... in Hollywood has been receiving some great reviews (it's currently rated 8.3 here on IMDb), but I think it's one of Tarantino's weakest movies. For well over two hours, virtually nothing of interest happens: as much as I didn't particularly enjoy Kill Bill Pt 2, Death Proof or Jackie Brown, I can't say I was bored, but OUATIH is just that -- boring! There's none of Tarantino's sparkling dialogue, no iconic scenes, and the ending simply pulls off the same trick that the director employed in Inglourious Basterds -- changing history (only in this instance, it all seems to be in questionable taste given what really happened fifty years ago).As a fan of cult movies, Italian westerns, Bruce Lee and old TV shows, and as someone with an interest in the Manson murders, I fully expected to be enthralled by Tarantino's re-creation of 60s Hollywood, its colourful characters, and one of the darkest moments in its history, but was totally taken aback by how mundane this movie is. If you want to watch Brad Pitt feed his dog, mend a TV aerial and drive a car, then this is the movie for you; if you want to see Leonardo DiCaprio talk about books to an 8 year old and record an episode of a dull TV western (a scene that went on way too long) then have at it. I think that if this is the standard of movie that Tarantino is dishing up, he should call it quits at nine.4/10 for the face-smashing, dog-biting, flame-throwing final, which actually perked me up. But that's being generous.
3 It reminds me of that old fable. People go to see Brad Pitt and Leonardo DiCaprio in a film by Tarantino and assume it has to be great despite what they are actually seeing on the screen.. The film is incredibly slow paced and neither funny nor suspenseful. Throwing in a 5 minute fantasy violent scene at the end after over two hours of boredom did NOT make me change my mind..
Sadly disappointing to this fan of most Tarantino films.
1 If a no name writer came with such non-sense, their script would've hit the bin within the first ten pages. The script mocks every theory on character and plot development. Yet, the same gurus who would trash a rookie script writer for bringing anything less then perfect, are bowing now in humble awe to the great QT. This in not about double standards, but about Hollywood having no standards at all.
5 "Once Upon a Time ...in Hollywood" is one of the most overrated film released by Hollywood industry. The hype is difficult to be understood but certainly has influenced those puppets that like to read the professional reviews to have their own opinion. The screenplay is boring and the good point is the references to films and the soundtrack based on the 60's. As usual in Quentin Tarantino's films, the cast is impressive. But this time, the film is a great disappointment. My vote is five.Title (Brazil): 'Era Uma Vez em... Hollywood" ("Once Upon a Time ...in Hollywood")
8 Greetings again from the darkness. Hippies, westerns, short skirts, pompadours, catchy pop songs ... all have (mostly) disappeared from our world. Back to save the day and the memories, and twist a little history, is Quentin Tarantino, the ultimate film geek. His latest reminds us of a bygone era of movie stars and old school filmmaking ... a once beloved industry which has been described as being on life support. There have been plenty of big screen love letters to Hollywood, but few if any, were filmed with so many personal touches and call-backs to the director's own films.In keeping with the request from Mr. Tarantino, this review will not include any spoilers or details that might negatively impact anyone's initial viewing of the film. It's a reasonable request since the film is so unique and literally packed with nostalgia, sight gags, and historical bits and pieces - some accurate, some not so much. There is a lot to take in and process, and the full impact of the initial viewing might result in awe, shock or disgust ... and maybe even all of the above. So this will be a pretty simple overview peppered with some insight that should enhance rather than spoil the experience.The film covers about 6 months in 1969, but in reality, it all takes place (at least what we see on screen) in 3 days. Leonardo DiCaprio (possibly his best ever performance) plays Rick Dalton, an actor who had a hit (fictional) TV western series in the 50's and 60's entitled "Bounty Law". Since the show ended, Rick has been unable to make the successful transition to movies. For comparison, think of Clint Eastwood, Steve McQueen and Burt Reynolds - all actors in TV westerns who found greater career success in movies. Brad Pitt (the epitome of cool) stars as Cliff Booth, Rick's stunt double, friend, driver, handyman, etc. While Rick is desperate to find the next stage of his career and fend off being forgotten, Cliff, a Vietnam vet, is accepting of his lot in life. Rick lives in a swanky Hollywood Hills home next door to hotshot director Roman Polanski and his starlet wife Sharon Tate; and Cliff lives in a trailer behind the Van Nuys Drive-In with his well-trained Rottweiler Brandy.There are multiple parallel stories to follow, and a key one involves the aforementioned Sharon Tate. Margot Robbie nails the role and bounces about town with the energy and sweet aura that we imagine she possessed. All 3 of the lead actors - DiCaprio, Pitt, Robbie - have knockout scenes that I'd love to be able to discuss, but I'm not sure how without giving away too much. What I can say is that each of these three talented actors prove that movie stars still exist.This is Tarantino's 9th film as a director (he counts the 2-part KILL BILL as one film), and he claims he will stop making films after number 10. There are multiple features we can count on in a QT film, and a ridiculously deep supporting cast is one. Going through each of the characters played by actors you will recognize would take a page and a half, so I'll cover only a few here. Margaret Qualley is a scene stealer as Pussycat, one of the Manson family girls. You likely remember her from the recent "Fosse/Verdon" or "The Leftovers", and here she fully embraces the hippie look and spirit. Emile Hirsch plays hairdresser Jay Sebring, one of those in the house with Ms. Tate on that fateful night, and Mike Moh plays Bruce Lee so convincingly that I was momentarily confused when he took off his sunglasses. Also making appearances are some Tarantino regulars: Kurt Russell (as a stunt coordinator and narrator), Michael Madsen (as an actor), and Bruce Dern as George Spahn (a late replacement after Burt Reynolds passed away). Others of note include Maya Hawke (Uma Thurman's daughter), Austin Butler (recently cast in the title role of Baz Luhrmann's Elvis biopic) as Tex Watson, Rumer Willis (Bruce's daughter) as actress Joanna Pettet, Damian Lewis as Steve McQueen, Al Pacino as agent Marvin Schwarzs, Dakota Fanning as Squeaky Fromme, and the late Luke Perry as actor Wayne Maunder ("Lancer"). 90 year old Clu Gulager ("The Virginian", THE LAST PICTURE SHOW) makes an appearance, and Nicholas Hammond (Friedrich from THE SOUND OF MUSIC) tears into his role with gusto as director Sam Wanamaker. There is even a TV Guide cover featuring the late great character actor Andrew Duggan ("Lancer"). Some of these, and many more, are like cameos, but it's still fascinating to see the faces.1969 was 50 years ago, and Tarantino does a remarkable job of recreating the look of Sunset Boulevard, Hollywood Boulevard, Cielo Drive, and studio backlots. Much credit goes to Production Designer Barbara Ling and Set Decorator Nancy Haigh (frequent Coen Brothers collaborator and an Oscar winner for BUGSY). Arianne Phillips does a tremendous job with the costumes that look natural for the time period, and not like something right off the wardrobe racks. Three-time Oscar winning Cinematographer Robert Richardson (HUGO, THE AVIATOR, JFK) is back for his 6th Tarantino film, and he captures the look and feel and vibe of a time that is so personal to the director.It's been three and a half years since THE HATEFUL EIGHT, Tarantino's most recent film, and probably his worst received. This one is clearly personal as it captures the time and place that he fell in love with movies. The dichotomy of rising starlet and fading cowboy as neighbors is a brilliant way to make a point about times changing. This was a time of transition in the United States - a new culture was upon us, and whatever innocence remained, was surely snuffed out on a hot August night in 1969. As usual, his use of music serves a purpose. We are treated to Roy Head, The Royal Guardsmen, and Paul Revere and the Raiders, among others. QT also shows us plenty of bare feet (another trademark). What is unusual is that the film lacks the trademark mass dialogue. This one kind of meanders ... right up until it doesn't.Quentin Tarantino is a living, breathing film geek (that's a compliment) who has earned the right to make the movies he wants to make. This one took him a lifetime to live, 5 years to write, and it will take you 161 minutes to watch. It was warmly received at Cannes, but no one can expect to "catch" everything Mr. Tarantino has served up in one viewing. That said, one viewing will likely be one too many for quite a few folks (especially many under 40 who have no recollection of this Hollywood). Some will categorize this as an overindulgent nostalgia trip for movie nerds. And they are likely correct. But for those of us who complain that too many movies are remakes, re-treads and comic books, there is no denying Tarantino delivers a unique and creative viewing experience - and it's not meant for everyone.
1 All this critical acclaim for this film (mainly because it's a Tarantino one) is so baffling. So what's wrong with it? For a start nothing actually happens throughout until the last 10 minutes. It's a slow, turgid, self congratulatory affair with drawn out scenes and tons of tips of the cap to the 'era' - through the soundtrack and product placement of 1960s packaging, or 'real life' characters like Sam Wannamaker's appearance - that just aren't needed. They even splice Di Caprio into the Great Escape as a 'what if?' moment...but all for what? Just Hollywood slapping itself on the back again about being Hollywood.There were genuine tense moments like when Pitt's character visits the Manson family allotment that turn into a damp squib. Again why was that scene so long? Why did they spend so much time on Di Caprio playing the baddy in the western but no time at all on his character's move to Italy (apart from the fact Tarantino wanted to imagine what 1960s spaghetti western posters would've looked like with DiC in them!). And what was the point of Al Pacino? Or Sharon Tate's character for that matter once you see the ending....?This was a missed opportunity that could've been a great piece on an actor's dwindling career that just turned into a boring series of sort of linked scenes...albeit quite well acted ones. Tarantino is become the new Woody Allen...actors want one of his films on their resume despite the fact he hasn't made a good one in so long
10 As someone who likes but has never really loved Tarantino's style, I was blown away by this movie. It's more than a nostalgic trip back to 1960s Hollywood; it's a weird statement on movies and escapism themselves. It is every bit the fairy tale the title ONCE UPON A TIME... IN HOLLYWOOD implies, with its second chances and bizarre happy ending, though even these are tempered with little reminders of painful realities.Those looking for hard plot will be disappointed. This is a very laid back movie, just following the daily lives of a handful of characters in 1969 LA. Cinephiles and those fond of the 1960s will likely get the most out of it-- if you walk in not having some familiarity with the Tate murders or the Manson family, you might get a bit lost.The lack of plot hardly matters, as the characters are fun to watch. Leonardo DiCaprio and Brad Pitt are both hilarious and touching in their roles. Margot Robbie was a fabulous Sharon Tate and I'm honestly a bit bummed her role wasn't larger. That scene with her in the movie theater was just classic.The long run-time initially daunted me-- part of my problem with so many mainstream Hollywood movies these days is that they're often too long (especially superhero movies), but the three hours here flew right by. I was enjoying myself so much that I was loathe to leave these characters once the credits rolled at last.
5 'Once Upon A Time ... In Hollywood (2019)' is disappointing. Frankly, it's just not very good. It not only lacks substance, it lacks style. The story meanders, the characters don't change, the plot-lines don't gel and the entire thing just feels like a bit of a wasted opportunity. It doesn't seem to be about anything, really. It's as if Tarantino decided to set a film in Hollywood in the 60s, then started writing and just didn't stop until he'd ran out of paper. Don't get me wrong, the filmmaking is on relatively fine form; the camera-work is assured, the cinematography is clean, the set-design and costuming are cohesive and the performances are all pretty much perfect. It's just the storytelling that's subpar. Rather than showing any real reverence for the period, the piece appears to despise it - or, at least, have no respect for it. I mean, you just have to look at the much-discussed Bruce Lee scene to see that (seriously, what's his problem with Bruce Lee?). This would be a strange stance for any cinephile to take, let alone perhaps pop-culture's most renowned cinephile, and it does make you wonder why Tarantino even bothered to dip into the cinematic history that he has so often aped. It's not even as if it's some sort of satire, which could have had the potential to work. Instead, it honestly comes across as fodder to feed an ego; most of the time, it's either like we're directly being given a history lesson or indirectly being told what would have happened if the writer-director was around back then. The alternate-history angle is perhaps the most intriguing thing about the entire enterprise, but it's mostly squandered on childish caricatures or tired machoism. In either case, it's inconsequential outside of enabling the two core characters to exist in a more-or-less recognisable 'real world'. The biggest changes don't hold any proper 'what if' weight because their aftermath is never explored and the characters they most keenly affect aren't really characters at all. This sadly includes Sharon Tate. It's bizarre that a story which apparently started with the intent of exploring and celebrating her very real life instead ended up focusing on two entirely made-up men. Tate gets no real agency and has a limited role, mainly serving to remind the audience of the odd fact/fiction dynamic and the looming Manson threat. While I'm on the subject and without spoiling anything, it's safe to say that the picture ends in quite a bit of bloodshed - if not in the way you expect. It's arguably Tarantino's most violent - or, I suppose, 'sadistic' - piece, mainly because of its apparent realism and accompanying brutality. The thing is that it's just so unnecessary and unnecessarily gratuitous, actually feeling unjustified in its near-glamorisation. There's this uncomfortable sense of 'revenge', I guess. I'm not one to squirm at on-screen violence, either - I haven't flinched at any of Tarantino's previous efforts, for example. The strange thing is that the flick also makes a point of getting involved with the age-old 'movie violence vs real violence' debate, depicting its 'real violence' as much more disturbing than its 'movie violence' but also going out of its way to have a few characters name 'movie violence' as the inspiration for their attempts at 'real violence'. The messaging is mixed, to say the least, and will do the filmmaker no favours when it comes to journalists poking at his stance on the matter. At least, I suppose, there's an awareness of theme in this aspect, however unhelpful its conclusion may be. The rest of the picture doesn't seem to have any semblance of this, settling instead for a scene-by-scene sort of thing that never really comes together. In a way, there's a plot but there's not a narrative (loosely speaking). Some of it is quite entertaining, to be fair. It's not exactly boring but it's not exactly engaging, either. The best stuff involves Dalton shooting a guest-spot on a western TV show; these scenes are fairly enjoyable, bring out the best in DiCaprio and feature a 'film within a film' that's probably more fun than the film itself. The sequences with Booth just feel like an extended B-plot, with no real drive behind them. The feature eventually gives up and skips forward a huge chunk of time, opting to use narrated exposition to fill in the gap and then over-explain a faster-paced final third. Interestingly, the stuff that is skipped appears as if it could have made for a more-than-decent story that actively changes the core characters. The final movement moves faster but it isn't any more compelling. Plus, by the time you get there, you've not got the energy to care. Overall, the picture is unfocused and unimpressive. It has its merits, of course, and the performances really are top-notch. However, it's not particularly entertaining and it's actually rather predictable. It's quite problematic, too; it has an undercurrent of unpunished, hero-perpetrated violence against women, for example. 5/10
10 Quentin Tarantino's newest is another in his revisionist cinematic history lessons which by the initial trailers I was little worried about since I didn't get what kind of thrust the released product would be but shame on me for having any doubts. Taking place in the 1969, we get a glimpse of a world where Leonardo DiCaprio, an actor & his stunt double, Brad Pitt, live in & out of their respective pockets as they try to stay employed & more importantly relevant in Tinseltown where a sea change of creativity & change was now in full swing. DiCaprio's aging Western star is now making ends meet doing bit villain turns against other actors who's stars are in the ascendant while Pitt has to collect a paycheck being DiCaprio's all around valet & handyman since his days as a stunt performer (the surgical scars on his body belie the once buoyant heyday of his glory days while a rumor of his offing his wife still hangs over him like an albatross) seems to be in his rear-view. All of this would be enough for a pleasant narrative but we also have to deal w/the real life players in these characters' orbit like Sharon Tate (Margot Robbie), an up & coming actress who's pregnant w/director Roman Polanski's child & more importantly Charles Manson's flower children who cross paths w/Pitt & who will play a historic part in the annals of Hollywood murder cases for all time. That the last sequence doesn't give historians the ending they were expecting is something Tarantino has mastered for the bulk of his career & it should be applauded rather than chided since truth in this case would be rote & expected giving this denouement a welcome cold water splash of irony. Look for Damian Lewis (Billions) as an uncanny doppelganger for Steve McQueen (I thought it was CG for a sec).
5 I can't deny it ... I'm an avid Quentin Tarantino admirer, and I will probably always remain an avid Quentin Tarantino admirer. The man simply is a genius when it comes down to writing dazzling dialogues, getting the most out of stellar ensemble casts and depicting extreme but delirious violence. QT also always was the only director of whom I tolerated exaggeratedly long movies. "Pulp Fiction", "Kill Bill", "Inglorious Bastards", etc, it never bothered me that they lasted two and a half hours. But since, say, "Django Unchained", I'm noticing an increasingly worrying trend when I watch his newest movies. They are getting too long and far too tedious. They are generally still fine films, but when re-watching, I find myself fast-forwarding the overlong dialogues and only focusing on the violent parts. In case of "Once Upon a Time in Hollywood", I'm afraid I'll be skipping the full first two hours!It's interesting to watch once, perhaps, but the fan-boy fantasy tale of "Hollywood in the Sixties" that Tarantino penned down is honestly quite dull, repetitive and substantially void. It's literally just endlessly long sequences of Leonardi DiCaprio (a washed-up TV-western idol from the 50s) rehearsing his lines for a new show, Brad Pitt (an unemployed stunt double) feeding his dog and cruising around LA to pick up young hippie girls, and Margot Robbie (as Sharon Tate) parading around town and looking at herself on the big screen. You probably read it before in other reviews, but it's a sad truth: absolutely nothing interesting happens, and some sequences - notably when Brad Pitt "trespasses" into the hippie trailer park - are even downright pathetic. The last forty minutes are fabulous, though. You may regain consciousness as soon as you see the message "6 months later" appear on the screen. As an enormous fan of Italian exploitation of the sixties & seventies, I really adored how Tarantino sent DiCaprio's actor character to Rome and star in exhilarating trash titles like "Nebraska Jim", "Shoot Ringo, said the Gringo" or "Operazione Dyn-O-Mite!". When returning to their home in the Hollywood Hills, they are confronted with members of the notorious Manson Family that are out to kill Sharon Tate and her friends, but Quentin Tarantino gives history a sort of absurdly cool twist. The climax isn't so surprising or innovative if you have seen "Inglourious Bastards", but at least it finally provides the movie with what I had desperately been anticipating for more than two hours: sick, extreme and unhinged violence!
28 July 2019 This is such an unusual movie. It doesn't really have a plot ... it's kind of like a "day in the life of a fading Hollywood TV actor", but still it's just fascinating to watch. The acting, cinematography and production values for capturing the late 60s (and really ... dawn of the 70s) are about as good as you'll ever see. It's just art.And when it comes the ending ... wow. Especially if you know a bit of history. It's intense and amazing and I'll just leave it at that.That said, it is a little male-biased by modern standards, but it's capturing the mentality of a different time period. DiCaprio and Pitt play two wildly different characters that you just want to keep watching to see they do next. They will quite possibly win Oscars for their performances -- and Tarantino will no doubt be up for best director, best original screenplay and best film.If you enjoy Tarantino's moviemaking style - the dialog, the visuals, the period details and, yes ... the violence ... this is a must see. It's almost 2 and 3/4 hours - but I would have gladly stayed longer.BTW, if you stay a minute into the end-credits, there's a post credit scene followed by a fun radio (audio-only) contest commercial.
7 I love Tarantino. I was super excited to see this. The movie started. And then it went. And I waited for the plot. And then it came and went within the last 15 minutes of the film. Then I left confused and a little disappointed.The movie just felt like Tarantino wanted to show off how much he knows about film history and how nostalgic the old Hollywood made him feel. The acting was amazing. The cinematography was amazing. The storyline just wasn't there though. I want to say I loved it so bad but it just felt so flat to me.The characters didn't really develop at all. Leo's character just kind of changed halfway through with only a narration as to why he was different. Brad Pitts character was the exact same the entire film. Margot Robbie's characters development was that she finally said like 20 words at the very end.The ending was the most enjoyable part without a doubt. That felt like a classic Tarantino scene. The rest of it though just felt like a normal movie. The dialogue didn't feel like him to me for the most part, with the exception of a few scenes. The soundtrack was phenomenal and caught the vibe of the movie flawlessly.Maybe I was just hoping for more or maybe I missed out on something. It was an enjoyable movie, but it just felt off to me. I really hope he will make a final movie to end his career with a bang, because this is not the one
10 Just got out of a screening. This movie was perfection to me! Everything plays a part in the experience. This is some of the best acting I have seen in a long time. I was swept away with the look, music, and story. The best part of this movie is when you are spending time with these characters. Rick Dalton has quickly become on of my favorite characters of all time! Leo lights the screen on fire every time we are with him. He is the ultimate package in this by giving Rick so much depth. Pitt does an amazing job as well. Cliff Booth would be a guy I would want to hang out with. It's nice to see a movie about two guy friends that support one another in different facets of life. It is so much deeper than some sort of average buddy cop affair. Margo Robbie gets a shout out too. She truly embodies Sharon Tate and glows on screen. She is amazing. This is Tarantino at the height of his powers. He gets the best performance out of everyone in every part of this movie. There are a lot of very enjoyable smaller parts in this. It's also great to see him working with the second generation of actors and actresses he has worked with in the past. I was taken on a ride to every part of Hollywood in this. From the glitz and glamour to the dark and twisted. This movie has a really awesome third act that I wouldn't dream of spoiling. I consider it a cherry on top of an already perfect movie. The directing, writing, music, cinematography, acting were all on point. It's a slow burn but all in all this movie is about Hollywood and the different aspects of it. The rising and falling of it's movie stars, and the people that flock to it in hopes of a different life. Go in with an open mind and let the movie take you on it's ride and you won't be disappointed.
5 DiCaprio and Pitt collaborate with Tarantino once again for the directors ninth (and supposedly penultimate) feature film as writer/director. Set in 1969 Hollywood, the film follows fading actor Rick Dalton (DiCaprio) and his loyal stunt double Cliff Booth (Pitt) as they navigate their way through the absurdities of Hollywood life. Inbetween their exploits we follow Sharon Tate (Robbie), who gleefully indulges in all the fun and glamour that Tinseltown has to offer. I'm a big Tarantino fan, so naturally my expectations for Once Upon a Time...in Hollywood were high. What a shame it is then to report his ninth feature is an uneven, average affair that doesn't live up to the brilliance of his previous efforts.Both DiCaprio and Pitt make for a great pairing, and they both carry the film even throughout its most sluggish moments. Margot Robbie is sadly wasted in the film as Tarantino gives her practically nothing of worth to work with, resulting in what feels more like an over glorified cameo as opposed to a legitimate role worth playing. Narratively speaking, the film is uneven and at times tedious to sit through. Tarantino is known for his engaging storylines, intriguing characters and sharp dialogue, but none of that is to be found here. Once Upon a Time...in Hollywood doesn't really have a cohesive storyline, emphasized largely by the elimination of chapter breakdowns, a storytelling technique Tarantino is widely known for. At its core, it's a celebration of Hollywood moviemaking during the sixties and an exploration into the relationships between actors and their stunt doubles. While there are a handful of noteworthy scenes to be found here, they aren't enough to save the film from being a pretty average affair. Technically speaking the film is very well made and contains great shot composition along with a solid soundtrack. Unfortunately, there just aren't many ideas on display worthy of hanging a feature film on, making for a disappointing outing from one of the modern masters of cinema. If this is indeed Tarantino's penultimate effort, hopefully his swansong will return to the quality of his previous works.
4 To say that this movie is self-complacent would be a gigantic understatement. As gigantic maybe as Tarantino's memory, overloaded with scores of details that he doesn't care to sort out. So he unloads them in bulk. The result : it's like you go to a promising party but end up cornered most of the night by some drunk guy who absolutely wants to share his opinions about everything.Right from the start you get vignette after vignette, self-indulgent, overlong spoof sequences that bog down the main narrative. What with all the stuff Tarantino has learnt about movies he can't shorten exposition to clever ellipses ? Once upon a time I thought he was very good with dialogue, but I guess it is no fun to toil and write fine lines (no just snappy one-liners from time to time) when Sony will greenlight anything you want to shoot.Once upon a time in Hollywood does not have a plot. It is the New Wave auteur in Tarantino who does not think he needs a plot. He has a couple of characters, a dozen anecdotes and the rest is talent. Self-conscious talent, lazy talent, talent isolated in the middle of a creative process. More like naked skills, each trying separately to express its full potential.The hero and his sidekick are losers: how do you build a story around losers ? You need rhythm and some kind of McGuffin (wasn't it all there in Pulp Fiction?), not some vague exploration of the meaning of life. The plot is limited to the draft premise: a has-been TV actor and his stunt double cope with reality in Hollywood around the time of the Manson Family murders.
The backdrop of the murders is the only narrative asset. We are teased all along, we even have an extensive reconstitution of life at the Spahn Ranch... all this just to toy around and end with the kind of ultra-violent carnival that Tarantino fans seem to revere.
Clearly the challenge of mentioning the sordid Tate-LaBianca murders of August 1969 was not only above Tarantino's mental ability, but grossly using background anecdotes from it as fodder for his inspiration was within his moral scope.As always I am judging this movie on its merits from a movie enthusiast point of view. But Tarantino is much more than a movie enthusiast. He is a guttonous movie fanatic. He is a guru with followers who let themselves be impressed, just like with Charles Manson. Many more followers than Charles Manson; fortunately Tarantino followers are only trained to see the fun in violence.
8 While The Hateful Eight is neither Tarantino's finest, nor is it my favourite film by him, it's undeniably his most mature. This one is pretty much the exact opposite. Once Upon a Time ... in Hollywood is wild, a bit rough around the edges and choppy (especially at its second act) and unrestrained to a fault. It also may be his most self-indulgent film to date. Nevertheless, all that is in a most engrossing and enthralling way... for the most part.Quentin Tarantino is one of my top 5 favourite film directors. Add to that a star-studded cast, most notably Brad Pitt, Al Pacino, Margot Robbie and Leonardo DiCaprio (who's one of, if not my favourite actor of all-time). So there's no need to say how much I was exciting to see his latest film. Honestly, this was my most anticipated upcoming film in general. And I enjoyed it... I liked it... I loved it, but that doesn't mean I found it underwhelming!Tarantino had to capture the zeitgeist of the 60s, and he did. But he didn't stop here. He made a late 60s, or an early 70s, film through and through. Regardless of its advanced technical aspect, this film let us see how a Tarantino film would be like if he made films in the sixties (although I'm positive he would have made a more violent film). Unlike other Tarantino films, this one's plot unfolds in an unbound and kinda spontaneous manner. And I like these kind of films so much. Of course the music and the production design are spot-on, but Tarantino's outstandingly excellent grasp of the time period has surpassed all that.For what I've said above, complaining about the film's unfocused storytelling is both contradictory and unjust. Besides, Tarantino's films have never been straightforwardly narrated (The thing I adore). What bothered me is that in this film I felt, for the first time in a Tarantino film, that there are many unnecessary and (I hate to say it) pointless. These oddly intriguing scenes that contain dialogue which has nothing to do with the story yet still madly riveting are not as tasteful as usual. The reasons behind that, I assume, are that: the dialogue doesn't feel as refreshing or daring as in the other Tarantino films, and the scenes in themselves aren't very well-put together or well-combined. I'm not sure why I felt that (talking about the later reason), but maybe it's the editing or maybe it's because these scenes needed to be more longer to earn its weight.The humour also isn't the cunningly witty humour Tarantino is known for, but it still works fairly well nonetheless. The film is also not as violent and brutal as other Tarantino films, but boy the climactic scene! This is not to say Once Upon a Time ... in Hollywood is less engaging than Tarantino's other efforts. Don't worry, my eyes were glued to the screen as they always do while watching any of this brilliant filmmaker's films! What makes this film stand out among the rest of the films in Tarantino's filmography (besides the distinctive way its plot unfolds in) is that this one is undisputedly gentler and actually kinda warm!Talking about the acting is really unnecessary, but I guess I have to. First and Foremost, Leo and Brad Pitt have a remarkable chemistry that's definitely one of the best I've ever had the pleasure to see in any film. As for each one of them alone, they are both at their peak, but I can't say these are their best performances. I'm not that familiar with Sharon Tate. But for what I know about her style and her manner of speaking, I can say that Margot Robbie nailed it. She is fantastically energetic and innocently charming. It's definitely one of her best supporting performances. Al Pacino doesn't have much screen time, but I enjoyed seeing him. Both Margaret Qualley, who played Pussycat, and Julia Butters, who played the little girl, Trudi, are scene-stealers. I think both of them have very promising careers. I also liked the Stranger Things breakout star, Maya Hawk, despite appearing in very, very few scenes.I need to watch it one more time to decide whether it's my least favourite Tarantino or not, but, overall, Once Upon a Time ... in Hollywood is a blast from start to finish that kept me on the edge of my seat all throughout. Its 161-min runtime just flew by. I mean, it's a Tarantino film at the end of the day!(8/10)
10 Once again Quentin Tarantino has done it another long and in depth film(almost three hours long for this one!) as the director mixes plot and stories that blend both drama, comedy, and action all in one. Again as is common in any film of Tarantino's is the cast is always all star and a memorable ensemble and it seems the acting and chemistry is always in top form. And this might be the director's finest film to date for it's look back in time to a memorable yesteryear era!"Once Upon a Time in Hollywood" is set in 1969 at the height and end of Hollywood's golden age an era of free spirits and cultural uprising. It follows the life of one Rick Dalton(in fine form from Leonardo DiCaprio) a past his prime and faded TV actor who now struggles even to get small parts in TV westerns, and Dalton seems hopeless yet he's still friends with his buddy and partner in crime that being his stunt double Cliff Booth(Brad Pitt). The two burn plenty of midnight oil together still a ray of light is found when Rick gets a second chance and a rebirth by doing international pictures and marrying an Italian beauty.In somewhat of a wild card and subplot story Dalton's neighbor is the sexy and young actress Sharon Tate(Margot Robbie) who spices and lightens up the screen as a young star in the making. Also introduced is the strange and notorious Charles Manson. The film even has a surprise and happy ending! Overall excellent well done epic that pays homage to the past as it's a showcase of different stories that connects up with different characters.
10 I have not seen much movies of Brad Pit, i mean i barely only know one movie of him that i had watched: Mr and Mr Smith and i don't remember that i have seen any of his other movies but in this movie, his acting is just mind blowing. His character as a Cliff Booth is totally lovely and i really adored him. I have became fan of him now for his genuine acting in this movie. As Leo, all time best actor of me, he did really a fantastic job again.Story line of this movie is so straight, this movie is full of drama and real things. There is no unrealistic story in that, all scenes are mattering and each scene has actually surprised me.to this movie, i would say i have became the fan of Brad Pit for his genuine acting.
9 I would like to preface this review by expressing that I didn't particularly love this film as much as I expected to. Like many others, Tarantino is one of my favorite directors. I respect his fundamental consistency and his creative license above all else, and he lets both of those aspects shine through brightly in his 9th undertaking. It was this particular flavor of storytelling that he used this time around that I wasn't fond of. There was nothing difficult to follow about it, but it just didn't want to piece itself together into any coherent arcs. I can certainly appreciate that this was the feel Tarantino was going for, but it was not one I could appreciate during my viewing. With that being said, the story wraps up into a bizarre, unique, and satisfying conclusion that reminded me why I will always be in theaters for this director. What makes Tarantino so great is that he maintains such sound film fundamentals when taking on these strange and creative projects. His actors blew their roles out of the water, his cinematographer enhanced their potent performances further, and his set/costume decorators crafted a world of immersion. Once Upon a Time in Hollywood is not a film everyone will love, but it is a film everyone should see.
10 This has everything I'd ever want from a Tarantino movie and more. It is one of the most Tarantinoy Tarantino movies in every aspect (just try to count how many bare feet shots there are, I dare you), and it's a film I'm already itching to see again. While I won't say it's better than "Pulp Fiction", for a massive fan of both the Golden Age of Hollywood and Tarantino himself, it's practically perfect and still wholly earns its 5 Star rating.
5 After all the hype around this film I was sorely disappointed. With an A List cast, as it had, it should have been Gold. The acting was terrific by Brad Pitt, Leonardo and Margot Robbie. The storyline sadly fell short, way short. The era was captured really well however I sat through the first hour thinking it was painting the scene and that the real action would start. I kept thinking that until the last 20 minutes when things finally came together, however, that was nearly 3 hours of film to sit through before any real appearance of the film I was expecting.
10 There may never be another filmmaker like Quentin Tarantino. If there is, we surely are in luck. But in all likelihood, future generations will just be students of his, and thank God for that fact alone. He's a filmmaker's filmmaker. His love of cinema verges on fetishism. His mission in life, it seems, was to keep his celluloid memories alive and in the American psyche in a time long past it's expiration date. So long as there's a reel and a way, Tarantino will give you a ticket to the greatest shows on earth, filled with filthy language and splattering gore violence. Once Upon a Time in Hollywood is his 9th feature film. It's been announced as his second to last film. Rumor has it, if the film basks in an exponentially warm reception, this could be his last film. I pray we can all sit down one last time for the number 10, but if Quentin is seriously considering it, I'll warmly and happily accept that. The truth is, it's all been leading up to this moment. Quentin's personal crescendo, encapsulating all he has learned and all he has experienced as a man living in Hollywood and a successful filmmaker from within it. He went for it, and he did it. Once Upon a Time in Hollywood is the best film of 2019, and easily his best film since Pulp Fiction. For me, nothing short of perfect. Everything I wanted it to be, and yet it still shocked and surprised me. I'm convinced that after the second and even third viewings, i'll still find new things to love about it. For nearly three hours in length, it grabs you up from your seat and never lets go.Here's the story. The year is 1969. We meet the dashing Rick Dalton (Leonardo DiCaprio) and his frisky stuntman sidekick, Cliff Booth (Brad Pitt). The dynamic duo of black and white television, and old, gunslinging cowboy movies. They were the best, they were the most handsome and they were the most talented. They were the best actors in Hollywood.. until now. After an unkindly meeting with his agent, Marvin Schwartz (played in outrageous fashion by the great Al Pacino), Rick is told in no uncertain terms that his time as a leading man is over. In other words, he's lost everything. Reduced to playing walk-on roles in late-60's TV shows, and B-grade Italian spaghetti westerns that nobody will ever see. Devastated, he returns to sulk in his luxury home in the Hollywood hills, while Cliff goes home to a dingy trailer next-door to a drive-in movie theater, to feed his loyal pit-bull Brandy. California Dreaming is not all that it seems. But wouldn't you know it, Rick Dalton has a new neighbor. One Roman Polanksi and his wife, superstar Sharon Tate (Margot Robbie). The contrast doesn't get much starker. As Rick Dalton disappears into the hazy California sunset, Tate and friends are dancing in the middle of it. We begin to alternate between these two stories. Rick Dalton's personal misery in landing mediocre roles, and Sharon Tate humbly enjoying her career at it's peak. She's so humble, in fact, she attends screenings of her own movies in town to kick her feet back and laugh with the audience. But in the middle of the high and hard times of show business, evil lurks in the background, ready to attack. That evil being the Manson family. Cliff, Rick and Sharon all have individual run-ins with Charlie and the gang, dismissing them as your average dirty hippies, not realizing they are all about to make a head-on collision with Helter Skelter.From it's very beginning, Tarantino doesn't just show you how things were in 1969, he places you there right along with it. I was there with all of them. Many of the sequences here include interludes of driving with an authentic live radio blasting (not unlike K-Billy's Super Sounds of the 70's) the soundtrack of our film. Killer psychedelic tunes and radio ads narrate the few times where our characters stay silent, which in any Tarantino film, is brief. The first hour and a half of the film may even puzzle viewers with how little happens between the characters. But that's the point. Tarantino places the audience through multiple POVs in order to illustrate this time in Hollywood. It was a technique I didn't expect, but I adored it all the same, and if anything, I'll always remember these sequences first when I think of the film. DiCaprio lights up the screen as the manically depressed Rick Dalton who goes between arrogantly strutting on set as if he's still a hot shot, to wrecking his trailer in a fit of insecurity and rage. Brad Pitt is effortlessly cool as Cliff Booth. Dude is the suavest partner-in-crime since Paul Newman. Robbie plays Tate, and with the responsibility of playing the prime victim of one of the most gruesome and horrifying murders in American history, she needed to bring honor in this special tribute to her. Not only did she bring honor, but she also brought beauty, grace, wistful optimism and love. If she had a a song, it would probably be "Good Morning, Starshine", though we all know she was a Paul Revere and the Raiders fan. Tate represents here all that was good of the late 60's. That far-out, free-spirited, love your neighbor, flower power that most Californians at that time adopted.. so long as you didn't take it to the extreme. If you did, you'd turn into one of those goddamn dirty hippies.That's the other thing that Tarantino explores in 1969. If you were worried about a film about the Manson family that glorifies them as super cool anti-heroes, you best sit down and let this film do the talking. Because Tarantino clearly doesn't just hate Charles Manson, he loathes him. The man who, in his mind, killed the 1960's and the Hollywood he loved. On that note, you might be asking yourself.. this film doesn't really reenact the events of that horrible night, does it? Well, I promise you, this is a spoiler free review, but lets just say the events of August 8th 1969 don't play out here as they did in history. What results is the biggest middle finger ever given to the Manson Family in an epic finale so mindbogglingly brutal and relentless, it will make your jaw drop.I left the theater having felt like I drank a strong cocktail of Boogie Nights and Beyond the Valley of the Dolls, ripped a bong and got awakened by a punch in the face. This is a movie, and a trip and an experience you won't soon forget. See this thing, right now. See it twice. See it three times. Invite in into your head and let it stay there and stew. Explore this tapestry of Americana, booze, sex, drugs, rock' n' roll and movies. You'll be exhausted, but you will be satisfied.
8 Having read the first few Harry Potter books before 2001 and hearing about the hype for the first movie, I was excited. I heard there was going to be an all-British cast (which makes sense, right?) and we'd get to see a live version of one of the defining novels of our generation. From what I remember I went with my family and a family friend to see the movie the day after Christmas and was pleasantly amazed. After the movie was over, I watched the credits and discovered some familiar names (the late Alan Rickman, Sister Act's Maggie Smith, James Bond 007's Robbie Coltrane, and Star Wars' Warwick Davis); others not so familiar (the kids, some of whom had their debut). But it was a good movie and was a party of colors and sights for all to see. This is easily my favorite of all the Harry Potter films. The catalyst of the movie series!
10 There's nothing like the first in a series, is there? The introduction to the characters, the immersion into the fictional world, the first time you laugh, cry, care, and fear for someone's safety can never be repeated. No matter how many Harry Potter movies they crank out, or if they ever remake them in the future, none will come close to the wonderful first film, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.I'm sure everyone has their own childhood memories of reading the Harry Potter books that they'll tell their grandkids about, but I'll never forget going to see the first movie in the theaters. The lights dimmed, John Williams's perfect theme played its first notes as Richard Harris walked down Privet Drive, and everyone in the theater was transported to another world. John Williams's numerous themes, all wonderful and a personification of the wizarding world, took the early movies to another level. As other composers tried their hands at the later films, that quality was missing. There's something truly special about going to see this movie on the big screen, and while the "magical" qualities might not all be credited to the music, it's certainly one of them.Welcome to the world of Harry Potter, where if you're a ten-year-old kid who doesn't fit in, you might get a letter delivered by an owl telling you you have magical powers and should go to a special school to hone them. Believe it or not, there are people who watch this movie without reading the books, so a bit of description is necessary. Obviously the stars of the show are the children, who were selected out of millions of other kids to be able to memorize lines, not look in the camera, endear themselves to worldwide audiences, and hopefully act. Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint, and Tom Felton are so cute and tiny in this first movie, you'll undoubtedly find yourself re-watching it as the years pass just to see them as kids again. I always marvel that child actors train themselves not to look in the camera, so even if their performances aren't perfect, I cut them slack, knowing firsthand how hard it is. And these kids had to dress in funny costumes, recite incantations without laughing, and pretend they're looking at things that were added in post production!Usually, in kids' movies, there's a grown-up or two who add to the cast and make the adult audience members feel less silly that they're watching it. In the Harry Potter movies, everyone wanted to be in them! Throughout the series you'll see a host of familiar faces as "guest stars" but the regulars will make special places in your heart. Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, and Robbie Coltrane are household names for little kids, because they're so convincing as the kindhearted Dumbledore, the wizened but sentimental McGonagall, the endlessly mimicable Snape, and the jolly Hagrid, kids today can't imagine they've had any other career prior to these movies! Is there any kid who doesn't immediately attribute the word "earwax" to Richard Harris, point out striped cats as "Maggie Smith cats", mumble "Shouldn't have said that," when they make a mistake, or practice putting pauses in their sentences like Alan Rickman?First movies are so special, since they introduce audiences to a world that will hopefully capture their attention for however many more movies will be made. In J.K. Rowling's fantasy world, there's so much to fall in love with; and in the film adaptation you can really believe it exists. Seeing the Hogwarts structure for the first time creates a special feeling in your heart that can only be recaptured by watching the movie again or going to see the next in the series. The Great Hall, Quidditch, the Sorting Hat, talking portraits, flying lessons, selecting the perfect wand-all these Harry Potter moments are perfectly recreated in the first of a series that saw an entire generation grow up buying toy wands and trying Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans.Each installment has its special moments, and this first one has quite a few, even outside of the exposition. If a three-headed dog doesn't immediately conjure the name "Fluffy," chess pieces have never come to life in your imagination, you don't laugh at the idea of counting your birthday presents, and you don't know what Richard Harris wants most in the world, you're missing out on one of the great joys in life. If somehow 2001 passed you by without a trip to the movie theaters Thanksgiving weekend, go find yourself a copy of this iconic, lovely movie.
10 Once upon a time (and not that long ago), in the vivid, fertile imagination of author J.K. Rowling, a character was born:  A boy.  A young boy named Harry, who was destined to become one of the most beloved characters to emerge from a work of fiction in a long, long time, and was quickly embraced by young and old alike in all corners of the world.  And now, thanks to the magic of the cinema, Harry and his companions fairly leap from the pages of the novel to the silver screen in the phenomenal motion picture, `Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone,' directed by Chris Columbus and written for the screen by Steve Kloves.  Indeed, Harry Potter is a boy, but not just any boy; because Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) just happens to be a wizard.  But, orphaned as a baby, Harry has been raised by his Aunt Petunia (Fiona Shaw) and Uncle Vernon Dursley (Richard Griffiths), who never let him in on the fact that he was, well-- what he was.  It seems that Petunia didn't approve of her own sister-- Harry's mother-- because she was a witch; nor of Harry's father because he, too, was a wizard.  When Harry turns eleven, however, the secret is out of the bag when-- after some strange goings-on-- a giant of a man named Rubeus Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) shows up at the Dursley's door to collect Harry and take him off to `Hogwarts,' a school for wizards and witches and all who would perfect the gift with which they were born:  The gift of magic!  And from the moment Harry boards the train (from station platform nine-and-three-quarters) that will take him to his destiny, the magic is alive-- for Harry, and for the audience, as well; and it's a journey you will never forget.	What a monumental undertaking to even think of attempting-- translating and transferring this passionately beloved work from novel to the screen. Because to millions of people, Harry and his companions are so much more than merely characters in a book; these are characters for whom people have made a special place in their hearts, which puts a great burden of trust upon the man who would attempt to bring them to life.  And Chris Columbus, it turns out, was the right man for the job.  More than rising to the occasion and with some magic of his own-- and a lot of help from an extraordinarily talented cast and crew-- Columbus has delivered a film that is not only true to the story, but true to the very spirit that makes Harry Potter so special.  The special effects are absolutely beyond astounding, and Columbus, with a keen eye for detail and without missing a beat, keeps it all on track and moving right along at a pace and with a sense of timing that makes this an absorbing, thoroughly entertaining and enjoyable experience from beginning to end.  From the opening frame you get the feeling that you're about to have a singular experience; and you're right. Because you've just entered the world of Harry Potter.  And it's magic.	Even having the best special effects do not a great movie make, however, and this film is no exception; what catapults this one to the top are the performances, beginning with Radcliffe, whom you quickly forget is an actor playing a part.  And that about sums up what kind of a job this young man does here.  Without question, he IS Harry Potter, physically and emotionally, and when he waves his wand and does what he does, you believe it.  A wonderful performance by a gifted actor who has a great career ahead of him; without question the perfect choice for the role of Harry.	Also turning in excellent performances are Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley, and Emma Watson as Hermione.  As with Radcliffe, the casting here could not have been more perfect.  Grint is `Everyboy,' with that special glint in his eye and a manner that makes him especially endearing.  And the spunky Watson adds some real sparkle to the film as Hermione, the one with the sense of urgency and the wherewithal to get things done; a real role model for young girls everywhere.	It's obvious that a lot of care went into the casting of this film, and it's a big part of why it is so successful.  Richard Harris, as Headmaster Albus Dumbledore; Maggie Smith as Professor McGonagall; John Hurt as Mr. Ollivander; Ian Hart as Professor Quirrell.  Exceptional performances from one and all, with two that stand out as especially memorable:  Robbie Coltrane, who readily conveys the fact that Hagrid's heart is of a size that matches that of the man; and Alan Rickman, as Professor Severus Snape, deliciously droll while demonstrating menace through the fine art of articulation.  	The additional supporting cast includes John Cleese (Nearly Headless Nick), Warwick Davis (Professor Flitwick), Julie Walters (Mrs. Weasley), Zoe Wanamaker (Madame Hooch), Tom Felton (Draco Malfoy), Harry Melling (Dudley) and David Bradley (Filch).  From Rowling's imagination to the written page to real life (albeit via the movie screen), `Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone' is a triumph many times over; a unique film of truly universal appeal, the likes of which is as rare as, well-- a sorcerer's stone.  A film in which adults and children alike will rejoice, because it speaks to the heart in a universal language of life, love, experience and imagination; a film that states unequivocally that magic exists-- as long as there's a single child with a single dream somewhere in the world, and real wizards like J.K. Rowling, Chris Columbus, Steve Kloves and every member of this wonderful cast and crew around to bring it to life as they have here.  An instant classic in every sense of the word, this is truly a film for the ages.  A remarkable achievement, this IS the magic of the movies.  I rate this one 10/10.
8 Like a lot of others, I refused to watch this film when it was originally released, thinking it was going to be another movie for kids, loosely taken from the source. Was I ever wrong? J.K. Rowling's novel was brilliantly taken from book to screen. The acting, directing and especially the special effects were tremendously awesome. Director Chris Columbus did a superb job with the direction, I was surprised he didn't get an Academy Award nomination. The acting was too, excellent, especially from the experienced actors like Alan Rickman playing Severus Snape. Truly one of his best performances.A great adaptation of a very popular book, a fine example of cinema.
17 December 2004 I watched this movie first time when I was left with no choice. My expectations were extremely low as I always wondered if Harry Potter books were over-hyped. How-ever after watching the movie it did make me a Harry Potter movie fan. And needless to say - this continues to remain my favourite of HP series. That brings to a point here.... the effect of expectations over a movie. True, expectations reduce joy.Without going into the story I would certainly say Chris Columbus churns out a perfect pot-pourri of emotions, suspense and magic, delivering something appealing to all ages.Every character brought to life on screen has done justice and leave an impression on you. Particularly notable performances by Emma Watson and Alan Rickman.CGI are in plenty and made good of. The Quedditch game is picturised amazingly. The wizard's chess is treat to eyes.Let's hope that the forthcoming HP series carries the similar magical touch.
7 I enjoyed this movie immensely. But, like "The Phantom Menace," I've had a very hard time viewing it objectively. There was so much anticipation leading up to its release, I simply enjoyed the experience of being there. Having read all four books in the series a few times each, I am overly familiar with the events in the story. As I watched the movie, my continuing thought was "How well will the next part of the story be translated to the screen?" rather than "How entertaining is this film overall?" I have trouble answering the latter question because I was already entertained by watching a wonderful story dramatized, so I'll never know how I'd have reacted had I seen this movie without having read the books.Critics talk about how incredibly faithful the movie is to the book, and perhaps I'd have had an easier time detaching the two in my mind had the movie set off on its own course. Indeed, many classic children's movies, like "The Wizard of Oz" and "Mary Poppins," are so successful partly because they're so different from the books that inspired them. But these are exceptions; in my experience, most children's movies reveal their weaknesses in how they diverge from the books upon which they're based. And much of what makes the Harry Potter phenomenon unique is that it is the first time in ages that a children's book, without a movie accompanying it, has generated this much popularity. According to an article I read a year ago, the universe of Harry Potter has become as real in the minds of youngsters and adults as that of a popular movie series like Star Wars. Therefore, it will be very hard for any film based upon it to compete with it. In the minds of die-hard fans, any changes made to the story will be seen as desecrating the fantasy world that Rowling created. That's why it's easy to understand why the filmmakers were so reluctant to change anything.As a faithful rendering of the book squeezed into a two-and-a-half hour period, the movie is beautifully done. I don't have a single complaint about any of the actors, who successfully bring to life, with the aid of costume design and special effects, the many colorful characters from the book. My favorite character, the giant Hagrid, is played by Robbie Coltrane, and I say with no exaggeration that he is exactly how I imagined him while reading the book. It's as if they took the image in my mind and transferred it to the screen. While I had my own personal image of Snape (for some reason, I always imagined him as the head villain from another Chris Columbus film, "Adventures in Babysitting"), Alan Rickman is perfect in the role. I usually expect to have words of criticism for some performances, but I just don't. The remaining adult actors, including Maggie Smith as Professor McGonagall and Richard Harris as Albus Dumbledore, are as good as they possibly could be, and the kids do an excellent job of holding their own against these veterans. Some have criticized Daniel Radcliffe for appearing too subdued in the title role, but that's exactly how the character is portrayed in the book: modest, unassuming, and laid-back. The kids who play Harry's two best friends are flawless.I had a lot of worries about the fact that it was being directed by Chris Columbus, whose entire directorial career so far has consisted of over-the-top slapstick films. I was pleasantly surprised that he did not direct the Harry Potter film in this way. Except for brief moments like the children's delayed reaction to a giant three-headed dog they encounter and Harry's swallowing the quaffle ball, there is nothing here to remind us that this film is directed by the same person who gave us films like "Home Alone" and "Mrs. Doubtfire." Indeed, I think Columbus may have gone just a tad bit too far in trying not to make the film seem cartoony. I would have liked to see a little more emotion on the actors' faces at certain times. Overall, however, his restraint works nicely in giving the film the kind of believability the book possesses.But much is left out. Harry's caretaker Uncle Vernon, a prominent character in the book, is given less attention in the movie than some of the bit characters. The gently satirical aspects of Hogwarts School aren't in the movie at all. We never see the ghostly history teacher who died several years back but kept on teaching. Lines like the following--"Professor McGonagall watched [her students] turn a mouse into a snuffbox--points were given for how pretty the snuffbox was, but taken away if it had whiskers"--find no equivalent in the movie. The movie does include platform nine-and-three-quarters, though the way the kids disappear into the wall isn't as mysterious as I had visualized, and the sorting hat is there, minus the great poem explaining the differences between the four schools.Not that I'm blaming the movie for omitting some details. Some things from the book would not have translated easily to the screen, and it would have been very difficult to stick everything in. Had Columbus done so and allowed the film to be as long as necessary (eight hours, maybe?), like a BBC miniseries, the film might have been a masterpiece, but few kids would ever have had the patience or attention span to sit through it.The problem is that the amusing details are much of what make Harry Potter such a special story. A whole universe is created in Rowling's series, in which a magical society exists within our own ordinary "muggle" world and is kept secret by a bureaucracy with its own rules, history and politics. The way magic is treated in her books, not as something medieval but as very similar to the way our own contemporary world works, is a large part of their charm. Take away these details, and you're left with a fairly conventional tale of a young wizard fighting an evil sorcerer.Although the audience I was with broke into applause as soon as the movie ended (something I've never seen happen before, though I don't go to the theater that often), some people have complained about the movie dragging at certain points. I didn't have that problem, but, as I said, I wasn't really trying to get involved in the movie's story. After thinking about it, it does seem like parts of the movie fail to convey a sense of urgency. Why should this be? I never felt that way when reading the books, and this is without a doubt the very same story.The answer, I think, is that the books portray much of Harry's anxiety in trying to succeed in school (for if he's kicked out, he'll go straight back to his horrible uncle) and fit in with the kids there. The movie doesn't tap into these anxieties enough, so why should we care whether he wins the Quidditch match (other than that he survives in one piece) and gets through the school year? The only real suspense in the movie after he arrives at Hogwarts comes from the story of Lord Voldemort returning, which in the book is almost secondary. Harry's adventures getting along in the school are fun and interesting, but as they are presented to us in the film, there isn't enough tying them all together.What we have here is a serviceable dramatization of a wonderful children's series, but it doesn't entirely succeed in standing on its own. Perhaps it should have diverged from the book just a little, to compensate for the difficulties in translating some of the book's delights to the screen. In its current form, it's almost like a preview of the book. Its lack of fullness, and its dependence on the book, might actually increase the popularity and endurance of Rowling's series by making those who see the film yearn for more, which they can get from the real thing.
8 Ah, the first film adaptation of the beloved Harry Potter series. Harry Potter is an 11-year-old boy who comes to find out that he is a wizard. He lives with his uncaring Muggle (non magic) aunt, uncle, and cousin since his parents died when he was a baby. They were murdered by a dark and powerful evil wizard named Lord Voldemort. Harry would be dead too, but was miraculously saved, making him something of a legend. Upon learning of his guarded magic roots, Harry gets enrolled in Hogwarts- a British school for witches and wizards. While there he learns to come into his own, meet people that are actually good to him, and learn more of his dark past. Looking back, I don't know if it was a good idea to have Chris Columbus direct this, as he does have a reputation for being something of a hack, albeit a decent one. I think his direction is okay here. Yeah, retrospectively it could have been better, but it could also have been much worse. At least with him at the helm we get a good amount of whimsy to go along with a bit of menace, and that's a good thing, as the book was likewise not too heavy on the darker stuff (though that sure changed as time went on). Many liberties are taken, which is weird since the book is quite short, and the film is two and a half hours. It does get the point across decently enough though, and also works as a piece for those unfamiliar with the source material. John Williams provides great music, there's wonderful art direction and set design, and there's some nifty set pieces too. Featuring an all-British cast, this film is impeccably cast, and the performances are good too. Finding decent child actors is hard, but they really scored here. My enjoyment of this movie has waned over time, but it's still not a terrible piece of work by any means, so check it out.
8 I really liked this film, but I much prefer the book, which has a lot more magic and wonder. Daniel Radcliffe is very likable as Harry, and he is given solid support by a funny Rupert Grint and a good Emma Watson, though she was annoying at times. The scene stealer was definitely Robbie Coltrane; I actually can't imagine anyone else playing Hagrid, Coltrane was just hilarious. Alan Rickman and Maggie Smith were also great, but for me the standout was the late Richard Harris. Now I much prefer Harris's interpretation of Dumbledore. He was soft-spoken, and actually fitted the part better. Both of these qualities were lost in the interpretation that Michael Gambon gave. I am not saying that Michael Gambon was bad, he just wasn't my ideal choice for Harris's replacement. The film is fairly faithful to its source material, and looks very beautiful. However, it is a bit long, and very young children may find Voldemort too frightening. I know because I have triplet brother and sisters who saw it, and couldn't sleep for about a month after viewing. In conclusion, a very good film, well performed and quite dark. 8/10 Bethany Cox
7 It's seem like just yesterday, when the movie about the boy whom lived, was about to come out. People were wondering if the Harry Potter's books by J.K Rowling could easily be translated into the big screen. Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone AKA Sorcerer's Stone directed by Chris Columbus, indeed show that it was somewhat possible. The story follows Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe)'s first year at Hogwarts School of Wizardry as he discovers his gift and destiny against the dark forces of magic. The movie like the other films are cut into two plots directions. One is about student life at Hogwarts during the school-year, while the other half is about the mystery that Harry Potter must uncovered that year. It works well as a long read novel, but in movie form: its means a long sit through. The movie pacing is so long. It takes forever to get to the main plot of Harry Potter finding the Philosopher Stone. There are is a lot of filler scenes that could be cut away. I dislike how the Philosopher Stone is one-time movie McGuffin. For the best of my knowledge, the Philosopher stone plays no factor after this movie, and never mention again after this film. The third act, mostly comes out of nowhere. The twist toward the end, was pretty predictable, if you readt the books, but pretty interesting. Another thing about the movie is how non-logical the movie is. It really baffled me, how much exposition, it needed. Even an hour in the film, there were a lot of random odd things happening without much explaining. It gets more confusing as long bits of the book, like the Centaur showing in the woods, were shorten in the film. It gets worst for the centaur, as he wouldn't play a factor, in any of the later films, despite, saving Harry Potter from Voldermort. Hermione Granger (Emma Watson) was also cut short. Her riddle solving in the book was cut from the film. Several minor characters have been removed from the film version, as well. Despite those, the movie is really close to the novel. In my opinion, don't bother, trying to understand the logic of all the wizard terms, because it will take you out of the fantasy movie, and give you a headache. Still, there were some really dumb things to nitpick here like why would Professor Dumbledore (Richard Harris), even allow Harry Potter to stay with the Dursley's family when he knows that they're horrible people. Honestly, the Dursleys could had killed Harry Potter with the childhood neglect! What was he thinking? Harry Potter could had commit suicide, or gone crazy like Lord Voldermort! What an idiot! The whole movie is about children being danger all the time. I don't care if they're wizards in training, I'm surprise that the death tolls of students dying isn't as high as it should be. The school staff is questionable at times. A good example of this stupidity, is punishing students whom went out at nights, by sending them out at nights in the dark forest, where they can get attacked by creatures. The most insulting thing in logic is the black/white one-dimensional view of good Vs evil. Honestly, how on earth is the members of Slytherin never got expulsion for all the bullies that it has? You would think, that at less, there would be one good person in Slytherin. Another thing that bugs me is the whole the power of love conquer all. I think, children are a lot smarter than the childish message, the film is trying to pull. The acting in the movie is pretty bland, for the most part. After all, most of the child actors had this film as their first roles. I wouldn't say that Harry Potter's film series, have the most entertaining of dialogues, anyways. The wooden delivery, felt like a read-through. Most of what they're saying are stating the obvious or repeating what happening on screen. It's so annoying. The other actors were master British thespians, who seem to over-act at times. A good example of this is John Hurt & Alan Rickman. It was too hammy for already over the top world. The action scenes were pretty well-done. My favorite had to be the Quidditch match and the whole chess game. I can do, without the whole troll scene. The CGI troll hasn't aged well. Visually, the movie is beautiful to look at. I love the special effects, locations & set, and costume, they did. It really made the Harry Potter world, stand out. The music by John Williams is amazing to listen to. I think director Chris Columbus was indeed the best choice for this first movie, as he got the magically part, right and how to make a family picture. You even see, how much things, he establish that other directors would reused time after time. Still, I really hope for Terry Gilliam like J.K Rowling's first choice to be the direction. The movie has great social commentary themes like the metaphor of racism, ethnic cleansing and why Nazism is bad. You can also see possible influences from other words, that made Harry Potter work. There was a few controversial moments leading up to the film, like religious debates. A few religious groups claim that Harry Potter contain occult or Satanic subtexts that isn't good for children. Another one is the use of the word, sorcerer over the word philosopher in the title. US & British have different meanings to the words, plus marketing though, it would better to call it sorcerer as that word get more appeal. Due to this different, all scenes that mention the philosopher's stone by name had to be reshot, once with the actors saying "philosopher's" and once with "sorcerer's". Overall: The movie might has its flaws, but majority, a great first watch for any fantasy fan.
8 Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a film directed by Chris Columbus. For many years, I hadn't given a damn about the Harry Potter series. But seeing the fanfare surrounded by the series, I decided to give it a try. After watching this one, I can definitely say that I am on the verge of being a fan.Plot: Harry Potter, an orphan living with his uncle and his family is invited to Hogwarts School of Magic to become a wizard.Story and direction: I had watched this part around the time it released but never just kept in touch since I didn't understand a word. Seeing it now as an adult and a movie lover, I just fell in love with this fictional world created. The characters, settings, story, etc.. all just feel seamless. Thanks to J K Rowling, Steve Kloves and Chris Columbus who have done justice to the source material provided to them. I feel the themes are so very relevant in this film. The intricacies of those themes are valid in the current world we do live in. This is what I just exactly want from any story presented to me. Although the film is very long, I never felt bored for a single moment. And to adapt quite a huge novel comes with responsibility and precaution, which the makers completely justified. The sets are huge and awesome. You just feel you are in Hogwarts actually. Also each characters costume is just to marvel at. John Williams once again just proves why he is the composer of the century. But I did feel some flaws to the film. Being a first film, the main plot of the film comes at around the 90th minute of the film. Also the VFX of the film felt very amateur considering some great VFX was done in the years preceding this film.Performances: I would say that the casting of the film is just perfect. Applause for the casting team is deserved. Never do you feel that another actor should play the role. The kids, Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson, Tom Felon just to name a few are fantastic. These 10-11 year old just steal your heart. Also the other cast like Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, Robbie Coltrane make themselves likable.Favorite Scene: There were many favourite scenes in this film for me. But one scene in particular was the troll scene where Harry and Ron decide to save Hermione and after the saving Hermione vouches for the boys. This is the scene where you actually happen to see the bond solidified between the 3 as friends.Verdict: For anyone who just loves fantasy film and worlds with great visuals, this film is just for you. I assure you won't be disappointed. I plan on seeing the entire series now because I am fascinated by this world and want to see what else has it got to offer.I am going with an 8/10.
10 When I first saw this movie I was ten years old, the same age the characters where supposed to be. My older cousin and her boyfriend took me to the Mall to watch a movie. Back then I wasn't going very often to the cinema, due to the fact that my parents didn't have time and I wasn't old enough to go alone to any theater. The movie captivated my attention like nothing before and I became so interested in anything that had to do with this movie, and I heard that it was made after a book. I didn't had Internet back then, but I found the first book at a library and convinced my mother to buy it. That's how I became obsessed with reading and writing.I may say, "Harry Potter" affected me in a positive way, because after I finished reading all the published books back then, I wanted to read more books and I must thank J.K.Rowling for her genius, if it wasn't for her books, I might have been right now an average seventeen year old, at some party, drinking my brains out. This movie got me to the right path in life.I know, you probably don't care about my story, you readers only want to hear about what I thought of the movie, but I believe my story can influence you if you are a parent and thinking whether or not you should let your children watch this film. My advice is yes and I have presented my reason above.The story is simply magical and "Hogwarts" is a genius invention. The movie is done well, almost perfect. It's the closest to the book they can get and it's an amazing experience for any kid.
8 in 2001, in the film Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, began one of the best sagas of all time, based on the book of the same name by JK Rowling, the film hit full in the cast, all actors are great in their characters, Daniel Radcliffe this impeccable as Harry Potter, the resemblance is too large, Rupert Grint this great as Ron Weasley, Emma excellent Watson as Hermione Granger, Robbie Coltrane as Hagrid, Richard Harris as Dumbledore (which unfortunately from the third movie substituted series, having deceased), Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman great as Snape, Ian Hart, Tom Felton, and etc, all goods, the special effects are great, the picture is great, especially the castles, the soundtrack is very good, and full of great moments, as the final, obvious that the movie has errors, the script has some problems, and the film is very long, I think it was longer than it should, and the film is faithful to the book, even with some missing characters, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a very good film, and marks the beginning of the saga of the Wizard in the movies. Note 8.2
12 November 2001 To millions of children of all ages, November 16 has been more eagerly anticipated than Christmas, as the long-awaited film version of J. K. Rowling's beloved novel "Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone" hits the screen.Each of Rowling's four Harry Potter books have been critically acclaimed worldwide best-sellers, turning a generation of video-game playing children into avid readers.In translating Rowling's world of wizards and magic to the screen, the film makers claimed to be intensely aware of the fans' high expectations and had sworn to be faithful to the book."Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone" is indeed the most loyal film adaptation of a book that this fan has ever seen.It's the story of an orphaned boy who discovers on his eleventh birthday that his parents were wizards and that he is in fact a famous and powerful wizard himself.Released from the clutches of his desperately ordinary (and non-magical) Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia - and their deliciously obnoxious son Dudley - Harry takes his place in the wizarding world as a first year student at the venerated Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.A great deal of "Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone" is an introduction to this fantastic and dangerous world and its richly drawn characters. There's not only a lot of plot to cover in this film, but an entire world to create.At two and a half hours long (hit the restroom before it starts), the film includes the book's most memorable scenes, bringing many of them to life with pure cinematic wizardry.The Quidditch match (a soccer/hockey/rugby thing played on broomsticks) is much more exciting on the screen than on the page, as is the bathroom battle with an enormous mountain troll and the larger-than-life game of wizard's chess.The frightening aspects of the book are in full force in the film, and its PG rating (for some scary moments) should be taken seriously.
Screenwriter Steven Kloves ("Wonder Boys") has done a fine job of streamlining Rowling's tale while maintaining its spirit. Director Chris Columbus ("Home Alone") makes good on his promise to be faithful to the book. But at times the film is a bit too reverent; you want the actors to cut loose and have a bit more fun.Columbus clearly understands that fantasy works best when it's played most real. Across the board, his fine ensemble of actors are so perfectly cast that they appear to have literally stepped out of Rowling's book.
In the title role, Daniel Radcliffe pulls off the very difficult task of playing an introverted hero who spends most of the movie reacting to the amazing sights and events around him. He beautifully captures the deep soul and untapped potential of Harry Potter. And when this kid smiles the screen lights up.Rupert Grint is delightful as Harry's sardonic buddy Ron Weasley and Emma Watson nearly steals the film as their overachieving friend Hermione Granger. Three cheers to the film makers for giving three unknown child actors the top billing they deserve.The strong cast of veteran actors includes Richard Harris as the wise Headmaster Dumbledore and Robbie Coltrane as the lovable giant Hagrid. Alan Rickman is wonderfully villainous as Professor Snape and Zoe Wanamaker has just the right touch of girls gym teacher as flying instructor Madame Hooch.
As the strict but just Professor McGonagall, Oscar winner Maggie Smith seems born to play the role - and is ready for another Oscar.John Cleese (as Nearly Headless Nick) and Julie Walters (as Mrs. Weasley) have all-too-brief cameo roles, but if the next film "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets" remains true to the book, we'll be seeing more of them.In addition to being highly engaging, the film is a marvelous thing to look at. From the bustling wizard street Diagon Alley to the magnificently gothic Hogwarts School to the dark and misty Forbidden Forest, the film breaks new ground in imaginative production design.To paraphrase the film's tagline, let the magic (and box office records) begin.
7 Over-hyped but still enjoyable "event" movie, one of the biggest of 2001 until LORD OF THE RINGS comes out, and a film in which every million of the budget is put up on screen in the special effects. What I found most refreshing about this blockbuster is that the entire cast is made up of British actors and actresses! It makes a change for an expensive blockbuster movie to be thus but there you go, HARRY POTTER is indeed a unique movie. Now I'm not one of those people with lots of time on their hands to read the never-ending Harry Potter books (too busy watching cult movies I'm afraid), but the film has turned out pretty much as I would have expected from the adverts. Although it's overly sentimental (blame it on director Chris Columbus) and aimed at children, adults can still enjoy it for the excellent pacing (rarely does the two-and-a-half hour running time drag) and the plethora of special - and some not so special - effects on view throughout.Highlights include an attack in the school's toilets by a huge, lumbering troll, a life size game of chess in which the pieces come to life to destroy each other, a cloak of invisibility, a man with two faces on opposite sides of his head, and the finale which includes a scene of a man disintegrating into dust as a homage to Hammer's Dracula and is just as impressive. The CGI effects are elaborate and generally flawless, and the only ones I didn't care for were the "broomstick flying" shots in the quidditch game which still ended up looking a little too fake for my liking, which is a shame as they're used excessively. Otherwise the effects work is phenomenal and something to be seen.Daniel Radcliffe takes on the rather subdued role of Potter, and is overshadowed by two excellent performances from Rupert Grint as the lovably cheeky Ron and Emma Watson as the bossy Hermione. The supporting cast are generally excellent, with fine turns from Richard Harris as Headmaster Dumbledore, Robbie Coltrane as the giant Hagrid (whose weight bizarrely fluctuates throughout the movie), John Cleese - briefly - as an unsuccessful ghost, Nearly Headless Nick, John Hurt as a wand dealer, Richard Griffiths as Harry's unpleasant uncle, and most of all Alan Rickman with a sinisterly villainous performance of Gothic dread - nobody can be a bad guy like Rickman can. Cameos from the likes of Julie Walters, Fiona Shaw, Zoe Wanamaker, and even Warwick Davis (which surely had to be a step up from LEPRECHAUN 5 or whatever his last film was) as a goblin are endless and a delight.HARRY POTTER AND THE PHILOSOPHER'S STONE may be a kid's film, but there's enough going on here to make it an enjoyable viewing experience for adults who plan to watch the film with their kids as well. Lots of plot, interesting and original characters, refreshingly old-fashioned moral codes, some fine sets which skilfully mix old and new-style worlds, an effective score, special effects which seamlessly blend in with the story and above average acting help to make this a gem of a movie and a cut above the rest.
7 HARRY POTTER / (2001) *** (out of four)Here's a method of evaluating a movie based on previously published material: ask yourself if the film makes you want to read the material from which it is based?  Before the release of "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone," I was one of the few remaining souls who had not read J.K. Rowling's fantasy book series. After screening the first film installment, I did want to read the book. Borrowing the novel from a family member, I briefly skimmed over the chapters. The book's intelligence and similarities with the film really surprised me.  With over 100 million copies sold in over 46 different languages, J.K. Rowling's best-selling series of books has become a worldwide phenomenon. Naturally, with soaring expectations abound, the filmmakers felt great pressure to create a faithful adaptation. They have. This film is essentially a visualization of the words in the novel, with very few differences. That said, the film does run into a few conflicts with the book's story. The middle of the movie has nowhere to go. It's like a false second act; almost nothing of major significance occurs in this period of the film. The young characters wander from scene to scene with nothing much to do and nothing much to say. We're left with a grand display of eye-popping special effects.
"Harry Potter" certainly dazzles us with a solid beginning and an engaging final act, however. We first meet a young wizard boy named Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe). Soon after the film opens, the boy discovers he has magical powers. He's then thrust into an enchanting world of sorcery, magic, and witchcraft. He's sent to a school for young wizard children, where he meets new friends, learns about magic, and participates in fun competitions. But someone at the school doesn't like Harry, as mysterious events begin to occur. Harry soon finds himself in the middle of a diabolical scheme of revenge. Who is the culprit and what do they want with Harry?
The film asks some involving questions. Too bad it doesn't give enough depth to the side characters or subplots. We don't really care about the mystery because we don't know enough about the suspects. The movie does conclude with a twist, but it doesn't encourage another examination of the movie. It lacks a foundation altogether. The story spends so much time foreshadowing the villain's identity, it is pointless for the story to abandon its proceeding plot points and develop a new villain at the end. The book gets away with this; the movie does not. After his gentle "Home Alone" and sweet-natured "Stepmom," many questioned the ability of director Chris Columbus to bring a sense of darkness to the story-and for good reason. "Harry Potter" contains charming, likable characters and a rich pallet of lush, inventive images. Unfortunately, the film lacks an edge. It's missing the dark atmosphere Rowling's novel so vividly brought to life. Columbus does construct some memorable sequences, but the individual scenes themselves are much better than the movie as a whole.Despite it's childish story and pre-teen characters, many define "Harry Potter" as a film for all ages. While that's debatable, during my screening, adults were plowing through the isles every five minutes. Going to the bathroom? Getting drink refills? Buying concessions? Who knows? But not a single child budged from their seat. Their eyes were glued to the big screen. Conclusion: It's a sure-fire experience for children, especially if they've read the books. But adults may not encounter the same enticement as kids. Then again, if I had nothing better to do than to count the people leaving the theater, why am I recommending the film?
7 First episode also known as Harry Potter and the philosopher's stone deal with Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe)and friends fighting dark forces in an amazing adventure . In this early installment of JK Rowling saga, our protagonist is freed by Rubeus from the custody of his selfish uncle (Richard Griffiths) and miserable aunt (Fiona Lewis). Harry goes his destiny at Hogwart's school , there meets our friends Ron(Rupert Grint) ,Hermione(Emma Watson) and his enemies Braco Malfoy(Tom Felton), along the dark forces which threatens Hogwart, and finally Lord Voldemor . Besides the professors as Minerva(Maggie Smith), Severus Snape(Alan Rickman), Dumbledore ( Richard Harris), Madame Hooch (Zoe Wanamaker), Quirinus (Ian Hart)and of course Rubeus(Robbie Coltrane). Here some legendary events take place , including a Quiddich match, and Harry Potter competes in confronting in series of dangerous happenings , challenging monsters as unicorn, centaur and horrible creatures and an ending spooky climatic battle .This episode contains loads of adventures and action and is such deeply riveting and emotional as its followings , furthermore gets lots of bombastic special effects and several images have you on the edge of your seat including an amazing array of technical bizarre creatures, a breathtaking ogre ,a three-head animal , and Potter fighting creepy , scary monsters and an exciting final taking on between Harry and the Dark Lord and his henchmen . The picture displays stimulating action set pieces illuminating the full-blown adventures , blending wizardry, witchcraft, horror, humor and is extremely amusing and pretty enjoyable. Darkest even that subsequent chapters is thrilling, dramatic, touching and very exciting. Provide enough amusement to keep the chat rooms humming until the epic ending comes out . In spite of overlong runtime, it suffers from over-length, and the difficult of adapting, the film still managing to keep a quick enough pace for those unfamiliar with the literary and highly detailed work by J. K. Rowling. The motion picture is splendidly filmed with sensational production design and colorful cinematography by John Seale . Phenomenal and spectacular music by master John Williams. The movie is magnificently directed by Chris Colombus . The film is for Harry Potter saga lovers as well as neophyte who have never read J. K. Rowling novels. The follow-up titled Harry Potter and the goblet of fire verse pretty much the same at the first one .
5 March 2016 Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001) *** (out of 4)Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) is taken away from his obnoxious and abusive aunt and uncle and taken to the Hogwarts Academy where he's going to learn to become a wizard. He becomes friends with Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint) and Hermione Granger (Emma Watson). It doesn't take long for Potter to learn about his past as well as what's expected of him in the future.I'm going to be really honest and admit that I've never read a single line of any of the novels and in all honesty I never really paid too much attention to what they were even about. I'm watching this first film on March 15, 2016 so that's nearly fifteen years since this was released so obviously you can't say I'm a fan of anything involving the characters. I really wasn't sure what to expect going into the movie but by the time the end credits started there's no doubt that I was left entertained.I thought for the most part this was a pretty entertaining film and I think everyone got it right in regards to the casting. I mean the three leads are all extremely good for their roles and I thought all of them managed to help carry the film. Radcliffe was certainly believable in the role of this master wizard and I thought both Grint and Watson added a lot of charm. Then you've got the likes of John Cleese, Alan Rickman, John Hurt, Maggie Smith and Richard Harris.I'm not normally a fan of CGI heavy movies but I thought it was perfectly used here and never really took away from the story. Instead of taking away from the story it actually did a very good job at adding to this alternative universe and the various magic that is to be found in it. Technically speaking the film was certainly well made with a ripping score, great effects as well as fine editing and cinematography. If I had to say anything negative about the picture it would be the incredibly long running time.
9 The breeze stirred the neatly cut bushes of Tisovaya Street, silently lying under the ink-black sky. Of all the streets in the world, this street was the least suitable for amazing events. Harry Potter turned in his sleep. A small hand groped for it and squeezed the envelope. The boy was asleep ... "(c)June 30, 1997 in the light came the debut of the writer Joan Kathleen Rowling. Literally such words began to become great, a series about a small wizard, with a scar on his forehead. The story that absorbed the minds of adolescents around the world, as it was said in the press "... a book that can tear boys and girls away from TVs and computers, return it to the house from the street ..."Just imagine..."A dull, dank, dark night. In the street a storm. The little boy lies on the floor of his "room", in a small shack and draws a finger in the sand with an inscription, "Happy Birthday, Harry!". The cry of the soul, he knows that no one will congratulate him, no one will affably caress the top of his head. In a minute he will be eleven. Ten seconds ... Nine ... You can wake Dudley - just for laughing ... Three ... Two ... One ... A loud knock at the door, there's no knock, just a crash. There was someone behind the door, and he was obviously going to come in. "I think anyone will guess what happened next. Good-natured giant Hagrid, told Harry the striking news that he is not just a boy with a scar on his forehead, but a real magician.A short word about the actors.HarryWhat to say, there would not be Harry James Potter, there would not be the book itself. Whatever happens in the books, I was always entirely for his character. In the first part, he's just small, you can even tell a confused boy. All situations, difficult fights, intricate situations, are still ahead. Now he just scooped up this great knowledge - magic. The first real home, first friends, first classes, the first meeting with this evil, he is experiencing all this in the first part.
HermioneHermione Jane Granger is my favorite female character in the book and film. In it, I see a part of myself. Hermione loves to learn and she pays a lot of time. Sometimes she is too arrogant and excessively proud of her success in her studies. Born of a muggle, so often heard the offensive word "Mudblood" in her address. Hermione is just a smart girl, how many times she has yet to pull friends out of difficult situations.RonRonald Bilius Weasley. Redhead. Already this word can give some characteristic. Ron is the sixth child in a wealthy family of hereditary magicians. Always the elders took on everything superior to Ron, be it study, sport, or female attention. Arriving at Hogwarts, gets to know Harry, the same situation is repeated as with the brothers, but he reconciles with his second plan. Whatever it is, he remains the best friend of Harry and Hermione.I wanted to say that the whole trio was exactly the same as it was represented by millions of readers in the world. Actors took absolutely unknown, but this film made them real little stars.The movie has good enough, more famous actors, the same Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, Robbie Coltrane, Julie Walters and the inimitable Richard Harris. His death was just a blow to all the fans, his Dumbledore seemed to come off the pages of the book, the same wise look from under the half-glasses, gray hair and beard, hooked nose. He inspired a kind of majestic calmness, every appearance on the screen calming. By the way, I do not consider Michael Gambon a good Dumbledore, he turned out to be some kind of crazy, but this is not on this topic.
It is quite possible to write now a complete retelling of the book / movie, but you know, absolutely do not want to. Joan Rowling created an amazing, magical world, thanks to her, millions of boys and girls began to look for a scar on their foreheads and with impatience and hope to wait for their 11th birthday. And I'm certainly happy about how Chris Columbus embodied this idea on the screen, the fairy tale turned out to be absolutely childish, very bright, joyful and for some reason the word Christmas comes to mind, although there is not so much Christmas there.Children's dream came true. Harry found his friends, his family, found loyal defenders, but he does not even suspect what he will have in the future. However, it will not be soon, but now enjoy watching!Dedicated to: all those who are ready to go with Harry to the end.
10 November 2001 To be faced with the challenge of adapting Harry Potter for the Silver screen must have been any director's nightmare- the chance of directing possibly the biggest film of this decade, but also the hardest audience-the millions of fans of the book who know every line and will pick up on every mistake. Being one of the above, I can only say that Christopher Columbus and all of the team working on HP did marvelously. The cast was brilliant (particularly notable are Alan Rickman as Snape, Maggie Smith as McGonagall, and the eerily creepy David Bradley as Argus Filch), the directing wonderful, and the scenery perfect. The only qualm is that it does not track perfectly with the book, but squeezed into 2.5 hours, this can only be expected. Well done all involved!
7 That's it! I give up! I surrender! White flag! My friends want to see the new Harry Potter that is about to be released this summer, The Order of Phoenix, but they looked at my like I just lost my head when I told them I never saw the Harry Potter films. They just said I've seen every movie yet I never saw Harry Potter? Well, I never saw the point since I don't read the books or wasn't interested in the films, it looked like typical kid's stuff to me. But my friends said they would not take me to see the movie until I've seen the films, it's now that I realize I got myself into trouble since these movies are all 2+ hours each. I just finished the first one a couple days ago.Harry Potter lives with an extremely cruel family, but there is something different about him, he can talk to snakes and make things appear and disappear. Well, he receives a letter, he's a wizard! Not just any wizard, he is the only wizard ever to survive the wrath of Voldemort, the most wicked wizard. Harry goes to a magical school, Hogwarts, where he learns the truth of his heroic parents and meets two other wizards, Ron and Hermione who soon become his best friends and they discover the power of the sorcerer's stone and what might happen if it's put into the wrong hands.Harry Potter I have to admit is off to a good start with me, it had wonderful and magical effects that anyone could enjoy. The actors were just so perfectly cast, Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, John Cleese, we have some of England's most brilliant actors. It's a well made film, now I still haven't read the books, so I can't base this film on a comparison. Even if I did, this is the movie and the movie itself is a magical and enchanting experience. Well, I'm onto The Chamber of Secrets, wish me luck.7/10
8 We live in a world where economics is hard. This forces practical limitations when making a movie. Time and money are sadly finite, cinema owners need to be pleased as well as fans and computer animation ain't perfect. Given these limitations, this film is about as close to human perfection as it is possible to achieve. However, it's extremely clear what an immense challenge it is to turn Philosopher's Stone from book to film.Two and a half hours is not long to explore a wonderful, magical world. Furthermore, the directors have bowed to the inevitable temptation to show us things that cannot be communicated so effectively in a book. The consequence is the feeling of a slightly breathless sprint in places.It also means that the movie has to stay true to the spirit of the book rather than to the letter of it. There are omissions and there are changes. The changes that were made capture and maintain the spirit of the story really well; indeed, there are places where the story is more clearly and straightforwardly told in the movie than in the book. Some aspects of the story are fleshed out on screen and the additions are delightful, completely in keeping with the flavour of the world.The humour of the movie is inevitably more visual than that of the book; no belly laughs, but a lot of smiles. Some punchlines have changed, but the reasons why the jokes are funny remain the same. Not knowing exactly what's coming next is a good thing! It's all kept tasteful, classy and above the belt; there's nothing to cringe about.The voice acting is almost uniformly brilliant. However, there are occasions where some of the actors are required to convey high emotions and are only given a second or two of face shot, or head-and-shoulders shot, to do so. This isn't as much freedom as they need and they fall a little short. The blame here must fall on the decision to give the actors too much to do too quickly, not on the actors themselves.Other than these rare jarring instances, the physical acting is frequently excellent and seldom less than completely adequate, judged against the highest of targets set by the book's clear emotion descriptions.Dan Radcliffe has the look, the mannerisms and the charm of Harry down pat. His strongest expressions are the bemusement that must be inherent at entering a world where science does not rule alone and the bravery that Harry shows in his achievements. Emma Watson possibly slightly overplays Hermione, but does so in a fully endearing fashion. There's one scene which gives her too little chance to truly express panic; otherwise her performance needs no changes.Rupert Grint has comic timing way beyond his years, hitting Ron's lines perfectly. Tom Felton makes a stylish Draco; Matt Lewis' Neville character suffers from the acceleration, so the finale does come as a slight characterisation shock.The Phelps brothers' Fred and George are distinctively cheeky rather than proactive pranksters; Chris Rankin imbues Percy with genuine authority. Sean Biggerstaff shines; his Oliver Wood is likeable and an ideal Quidditch team captain.Robbie Coltrane's Hagrid is the single dominant adult character, with maximum laughs extracted at every step. The movie changes strongly exaggerate one side of Hagrid's nature, though; probably inevitable considering how much plot exposition his character has.David Bradley has a vicious Argus Filch; John Hurt's Ollivander is an eccentric treat, giving a wonderful introduction to the Wizarding World. The professors are uniformly excellent, though Richard Harris' Dumbledore comes off as disappointingly flat until the end.The most ambitious point of the movie is the computer generated imagery. The stills are wonderful, but the fastest animation is restricted by the limitations of real-world technology. The book makes extremely stringent demands of the CGI; sometimes their overall effect in the movie is merely good rather than insanely great. Some of the magic spells and effects look awesome; others don't capture the imagination nearly so much.The world cannot yet completely convincingly animate human beings doing inhuman things, which serves as a clear reminder that you need fictional magic to make the impossible possible. The Quidditch scene is the most demanding of them all; while the sequence is action-packed and good-looking, disappointingly, it's not a total success. Perhaps some of the scenes would have been better with more conventional special effects? (For instance, the lower-tech-looking Sorting Hat scene is one of the most delightful of them all.)The set looks gorgeous. However, it may not stand up to detailed analysis. It's fairly obvious that things are shot in many disparate locations, rather than one big Hogwarts School near Hogsmeade.The score is absolutely wonderful. The soundtrack may rely too heavily on The Famous Bit, but it's clear that the balance and mixture of things in the finished movie are exactly right.The feel of the whole movie is everything fans could have hoped for. The dialogue is intensely measured, the colouring is suitably epic, the selection of what to leave in is really tightly considered. You get chills in your spine at the right places; you feel the triumphs as all-encompassing endorphin highs. It's clear that the production have thought long, hard and lovingly. They are true fans of the story, they are the right people for the job, it all bodes very well for the second film.So it could never have been the film that the hyper-literalists were hoping for, then, but it is as good as the practicalities of the real world could possibly permit. Don't expect miracles and you'll love it. I look forward to watching it again and again.8/10 at the very least. A really satisfactory film!
7 No, I'm not a big Harry Potter fan and probably never will be but I can appreciate the qualities of the movies. Definitely for a children movie this movie is of course of very high class, with fabulous looking sets, a whole load of well known British actors and an highly experienced crew involved.The movie forms a nice first set up for the future series of Harry Potter movies. Still I'm glad the movies and its characters have matured a lot since this movie. Probably also has to do with the fact that this movie and the second were directed by Chris Columbus who is an experienced children movie director, while the other Harry Potter movies were directed by more 'serious' directors. Yes, it makes this movie a good children's movie to watch but also sort of makes this movie look and feel more outdated than any of the other Harry Potter movies, which also goes at the expense of its re-watchable value.Nevertheless, "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" remains good quality- and fun film. It knows to create an entire new world of its own with lots of often strange characters in it.The movie is of course a set up and the first establishment of a long running series of movies. This means that the movie consists for a big part out of character introductions. Yes, this results in the fact that there are a bit too many characters in the movie, also since some of them don't even seem to serve a purpose at all for the story but this got resolved in the later movies, by simply leaving out some characters but by introducing many new ones as well. So its sort of problem solving with another problem. Also a bit of a shame that the movie is lacking a real central villain. Professor Snape is treated as a villain, even though we learn by the end of the movie that he's not such a bad guy after all. The real main villain if the movie is of course Voldemort but he gets mostly only mentioned by name and basically doesn't do an awful lot in the movie and only sort of shows up in the very end of the movie. Not the way to treat a villain in my opinion, even though its of course clear from this movie on that he is going to play a much bigger and more important role in the future Harry Potter movies. I however in a case like this feel that they should had putted in a new and different villain besides Voldemort, since this movie is definitely lacking a sense of danger, excitement and action, even though the movie never bores, despite its quite long running time (for a children's movie anyway.).The movie its quality is also surely being uplifted by its presence of well known and respected actors, such as Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, Robbie Coltrane and Alan Rickman among many others. Each of them are giving fine performances but it are mostly Harris and Rickman that catch the eye with their performances. The child actors are also managing fine, although its definitely and luckily true that their acting improved throughout during the later movies.The movie is great looking and knows to create a magic new world, with its set, costumes and make-up. It's not hard to see that this was a costly movie to make. The special effects are also mostly fine, though not really during the game of quidditch, or any other 'flying' sequence for that matter. The movie gets also greatly supported by the musical score from John Williams. Sort of a waste for the series that Williams only scored the music for the first 3 movies.A good and fun enough start of the series, though luckily the movies improved more over the years.7/10http://bobafett1138.blogspot.com/
10 When I knew the film was being made, I thought how could they make a film that would be up to the standard of such a perfect book. But they did! Sure they missed bits out but they captured the essence of the book brilliantly. One member of the cast was mis-cast for me but my children disagreed.I even found myself believing they were flying and not wondering "how are they doing that?" So 10 out 10 Warner Brothers. Bring on the next one!
8 If for nothing else, the Harry Potter films always find a way to give me a great sense of nostalgia. I, like many others, grew up with this franchise. In many ways, this was our generation's Star Wars. It was the 2000's pop culture phenomena. I'm happy to say that the first film, The Sorcerer's Stone, still undoubtedly holds up.I feel like I should first mention just how impressive it is that Warner Bros and their casting directors found the perfect Harry, Ron, and Hermione. Yes, the rest of the film is also impeccably casted with Maggie Smith, Richard Harris, Robbie Coltrane, and Tom Felton just to mention a few, but it's the core three characters that carry this franchise. Watching the three of them play off each other so effectively at such a young age is truly awe-inspiring.Granted, heroes are only as good as their villains, and luckily they have a great one in Lord Voldemort. Even though in Sorcerer's Stone it's hard to really call him in the big-bad, considering he's not resurrected yet, but his presence is definitely felt. With that said, I wish they would have involved Professor Quirrell more in the main plot. He's a sketchy guy, but you never get a real sense that he's working to resurrect Voldemort. In fact, he's barely in the movie, so his presence towards the end is unexpected, but I didn't feel like it was earned.But the mishandling of the villain doesn't diminish the tremendous amount of fun The Sorcerer's Stone brings to the young franchise. Chris Columbus does a nice job of setting up all the relationships and characters we will come to love later like Hagrid, Dumbledore, and even Snape. This is clearly focused on the trio, but they each get a chance to chew up some scenery with the young wizards. Everything from a clumsy giant, the dark forest, a game of quidditch, to an important game of chess make The Sorcerer's Stone one of the most memorable entries into the Potter franchise. +The trio are effortlessly cute and entertaining+Pacing+All the beloved characters sprinkled in+Balances a bunch of genres in one-Villain reveal is iffy8.4/10
19 November 2001 I feel, next to Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is the best book-to-movie adaptation that I've ever seen. The sets were stunning - the actors were first rate - the effects were breathtaking.  The film flowed quite smoothly in it's transition from page to screen, never tripping on the awkward conventions that other books on film have struggled with.   The screenplay, by Steven Kloves, stripped away all unnecessary elements to get to the root of the story.  Though many events from the book were excluded, the essential ones made it to the film. And it makes for one smooth story and very enjoyable movie-going experience.Many kudos to Chris Columbus and the rest of the Harry Potter cast/crew for not turning this movie into what it easily could have become:  a 2 and a half hour commercial advertisement for action figures and collectibles, kid's meals and fast food tie-ins, soft drinks and snack products, etc. and instead focused on bringing J.K. Rowling's story to life as accurately and as lovingly as it deserves.  There has been much speculation on whether Columbus was the correct choice for the first two installments of the series and I say to that, Yes.  I feel that he accomplished what most would have failed.  He has proven, at least to me, that Diagon Alley truly exists - if only I could find the right brick to tap on.  The world of Harry Potter is no longer fantasy to me, but instead a place where any of us mere Muggles could hope to visit, one day.One of my favorite moments, is what I'm going to refer to as the Adrenaline Sequence.  By Adrenaline Sequence, I mean the sequence in a movie that for all intents and purposes, doesn't necessarily propel the story, but gives the audience a huge theatrical payoff, ala the Pod Race sequence in The Phantom Menace.  The Adrenaline Sequence for this particular movie is the Quidditch sequence.  I was very happy to finally see the 'hockey/soccer hybrid on a broomstick' come to life.  The Quidditch Sequence is, by far, my favorite sequence in the whole film.  The scene is dizzying in it's violence and it's one breathless moment after another.  My hat goes off to Columbus and his team for succeeding in making this scene as memorable as it should be.Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a fantastic movie for children of all ages.  Fans and non-fans alike will enjoy this colorful story of good versus evil and the friendships that endure.
2 Taste is, of course, a unique thing. As I write this review "House of Gucci" has a score of 6.9 which is baffling to me, as the film I sat through last Saturday was an unmitigated disaster. One that's story is too boring to even allow you to enjoy the hilariously bad performances.Patrizia Reggiani (Lady Gaga) meets Maurizio Gucci (Adam Driver) at a party. Maurizio is the son of Rodolfo Gucci (Jeremy Irons) who owns 50% of the family named fashion chain. Initially training to be a lawyer, Patrizia, along with his uncle Aldo, (Al Pacino) encourages Maurizio to join the family business. Very quickly, lines of division are drawn, and alliances and double crosses push Maurizio to the head of the company.I am not the first person to come here and make fun of some of the performances. Adam Driver and Lady Gaga can leave with their reputations relatively unscathed, even if perhaps Gaga hones an accent that's a bit more Transylvanian than Milanese. Al Pacino and Jared Leto though are in a different film, with broad comedic performances that make the Dolmio adverts look like Mike Leigh in comparison.I could, perhaps, forgive their choices if the overall film hung together better, but alas it doesn't. The story is glacial at some points, but at others either skips over or brushes through sections that are required to make the story make sense. Why do the police come after Maurizio as quickly as they do? How does the information about Aldo's taxes make it to the American authorities? What does Maurizio actually do, once he's taken control? Why does he abandon his wife and child after one brief argument? The story needs Patrizia to be Lady Macbeth, subtly twisting and cajoling her unwilling husband to power, before he turns on her and she extracts revenge. Instead though, Maurizio's whole personality changes in a moment, without that much justification, and he moves on without her. Also, I never really had the right feel for how much time has passed between scenes, and I'm not helped by the score, which seems to use anachronistic songs, but at others tries to evoke the period.In lesser hands, this might be more forgivable, but this is Ridley Scott and we've come to expect more. This was, in no uncertain terms, a shambles.
6 There were quite a number of reasons for wanting to see 'House of Gucci'. The advertising did intrigue and did suggest a film that would be over the top but entertaining in its own way. Ridley Scott's filmography is hit and miss, brilliant at his best like with 'Alien' and 'Blade Runner' though some of his films, such as 'GI Jane' and 'Robin Hood' ('Legend' is underrated in my view), are not too great. The main draw though was the cast, with Lady Gaga (an immensely gifted performer and inspirational person) being a big selling point for many.For me though, bigger selling points were seeing two of my favourite actors Al Pacino and Jeremy Irons again (and reunited after 'A Merchant in Venice'). Jared Leto has always been very take and leave. 'House of Gucci' turned out to be one of those difficult to rate and review sort of films for me, it is going to be one of those films that some are going to love and others are going to hate (with some in between). It is a hugely flawed film, but there was also a lot to enjoy at the same time. As far as Scott's films go, it's a middling effort. Neither one of his best or worst.'House of Gucci' has a lot that is good in my view. Have very little to complain about when it comes to how it looks, apart from some editing being in need of a tightening in the final act. The Italian scenery and the costumes are truly stunning though and the camerawork is similarly sumptuous. Scott's direction is uneven dramatically but is very impressive on a technical level, especially in his use of multiple cameras (which must make it easy for actors to know where to look). The soundtrack is also wonderful and beautifully operatic in scope, though not always well placed, but from a standalone point of view there are no complaints here.Despite the very all over the place accents, with a mix of exaggerated (Leto, to almost cartoonish effect in his case) or barely there (Irons, am a huge fan of Irons but will never deny about accents not being a forte of his), most of the acting is fine. Lady Gaga kills it as Patrizia, who is a very interesting and well fleshed out character here, bringing charm, effortless charisma and menace to her. It has been said that her accent isn't great, as far as the cast goes it's actually the most convincing one along with Salma Hayek's. Adam Driver is a good deal more understated, one of the few in the cast to play it very straight, but he is also compelling and his character growth/decent is believable. They have great chemistry together.The supporting cast on the whole support them well, Pacino coming off best having a whale of a time as Aldo. Irons brings vulnerability and authority to patriarch Rodolfo and Salma Hayek gives some of her best acting in years. Really liked the chemistry on the whole, Lady Gaga and Driver are great together as are Lady Gaga and Hayek, while that between Irons and Pacino is a joy. 'House of Gucci' does have a few great individual scenes, and one of the best is the magnificent encounter between Irons and Pacino. Personally thought the first half was fine and that it set up the intrigue and characters extremely well. As well as a few funny moments, Rodolfo's verbal brutalising of Paolo was gold and sums up the viewer's opinion of him and his work perfectly.On the other hand, 'House of Gucci' has a number of shortcomings. One performance didn't work for me and that was Leto. Unrecognisable in much talked about(the talk of social media when advertising was first revealed) makeup that deserves its own film, he overplays his role, especially when the comic relief becomes more dominant, and belongs in a completely different film. Yes the film is very over the top in tone, but Leto's performance veered on excess and too much of a Super Mario Brothers caricature. There are pacing issues, the rather underdeveloped family business stuff drags, sometimes to the point of stalling, due to the lack of tension and gravitas that was not there enough. And other parts come over as very choppy and incomplete feeling, like the final act. The second half needed a tightening up, which would have made the film less overlong (and it is a film that could have been 25 minutes shorter easily).Also found the ending very rushed and anti-climactic, handled with too much of an indifferent shrug. After spending so long on the family stuff (and not developing that enough) and the increasingly uneasy spurts of comedy, the event that caused such a sensation is just too throwaway in treatment. Tonally, 'House of Gucci' is messy, the comedy going for the campy approach that goes too far into pantomime in the second half and some of the serious moments being too melodramatic. Tonal shifts can be uneasily abrupt.The script has some funny and intriguing moments, but is on the whole too overwritten in tone (Leto's comedy increasingly gets too much), bland emotionally (the descent into revenge is not examined enough) and also too much of a trying to include as many iconic lines as possible. Some of the line delivery has to be heard to be believed, can imagine right now the amount of reaction gifs online in regard to some of the more comedic lines and Leto's body language.Concluding, hugely flawed but also quite fun when taking it for what it is. 5.5/10 (was struggling which score of 5 or 6 to give it but decided to go in between and round it up)
5 House of Gucci is a new crime drama directed by Ridley Scott, the director of Gladiator and Alien.The film is inspired by true events surrounding the family behind the Italian fashion house Gucci. When Maurizio Gucci (Adam Driver) begins a relationship with the outsider Patrizia Reggiani (Lady Gaga), he is disinherited by his father Rodolfo Gucci (Jeremy Irons). He suspects that Patrizia is behind Maurizio's family money. That's how the two have to make it without the support of the Gucci family. Years later, the two are married and have a child together. Maurizio's uncle Aldo Gucci (Al Pacino) thus contacts him again and brings him back into the family business. The Gucci fashion house is once again going under multiple names, leading to creative differences, exposing betrayal, revenge and even murder cases.There have been many changes in the making of this film. Martin Scorsese, for example, could have directed the film at first, but Ridley Scott was eventually given a directing position. Together with the casting directors, he also had many ideas for the casting of the roles before they finally came to the chosen actors and actresses.After the many changes in casting and direction, they probably should have looked back at the writing crew of the film, because the final script was written by more novice writers, which can sometimes be seen in the film. The story can sometimes seem a bit messy and so long-winded, because the story makes many jumps in time. Some relationships come across as rushed, which can cause some loss of credibility.What comes out best in the film about a well-known fashion brand is therefore the costumes and make-up of the characters. Janty Yates can expect film award nominations for this. Still, the film has received complaints from actual members of the Gucci family that the relatives were better dressed in real life compared to the actors in the film. They also credibly convey the places where the story takes place.Al Pacino comes out the best of the film cast and knows how to provide the best and most believable accent compared to the entire cast. Lady Gaga and Adam Driver have good chemistry together in the film, but their relationship sometimes comes across as weak. Patrizia is clearly showing signs that she is more behind the Gucci family's money than she really loves Maurizio. Their accents can also come across as a bit unusual. Lady Gaga has more of an Eastern European accent than real Italian. Her characters seem to come more from Russia in some scenes. Of the entire cast, Salma Hayek is the only one who has received help with speaking in the correct accent. This is probably because she is married to the man who now owns the Gucci brand. If they had helped the entire cast a little more with their accents in the film, they would have come across a bit more like people from the same country. Who even seems to play in a completely different film is Jared Leto, because in the film he wears a fattening costume and also has a strange shaved hair style. In the film, he comes across as too exaggerated compared to the rest and speaks excessively in a high-pitched voice. He sometimes sounds just like the video game character Mario.
6 It's 1978 Milan. Patrizia Reggiani (Lady Gaga) meets Maurizio Gucci (Adam Driver) at a nightclub. He is the heir to a large portion of the fashion house Gucci but his father disapproves of her supposed mafia family although they only own a small trucking company. He marries her anyways and his father disowns him.For me, this is all about the accent. Everybody is speaking English but in an overt Italian accent. It's distracting. As a story, I would concentrate more on the murder and the decline feels rushed. At least, it should be equal to the rest of the movie. Maybe this needs to be a limited series on a streaming service. The acting seems to be getting accolades. I don't mind that. They're doing good work. The accent is just not my preference. All in all, this is a functional biopic with interesting actors doing a specific choice.
5 "House of Gucci" portrays Maurizio Gucci and Patrizia Reggiani, trying to expand the family business. Gucci in the 60s was already a big empire and as an outsider that never really cared about fashion, I am not really sure what was the point of this motion picture. The film shows how Maurizio took over the company with his unethical methods, but aside from ruining completely the relationship with his own family members, it seems that he did not accomplish anything. He improved nothing in the business and took the enterprise to the verge of bankruptcy, so he did more harm than good. Patrizia Reggiani was for the whole time so manipulative, and I hated her character for the whole time. She was in fact after the Gucci money. Maurizio should have listened to his father. The beginning of their relationship is portrayed in such a childish and immature way. I refuse to believe that this is what really happened between the two. At this point I would have preferred to watch a film about Aldo Gucci, and how he managed to transform a small business into such a big and rich company. It would have been way more interesting and at least I would have walked out of the theatre with a little bit more knowledge.A lot of scenes feel odd, empty and pointless. Lady Gaga is stunning and gave a decent performance, but they could have hired someone more competent. She is an excellent singer, but please, keep her away from acting. I really enjoyed Adam Driver and Al Pacino. Jared Leto's acting was different and quite funny, he was a pleasant surprise, and he added a lot of value to the film. From a technical perspective, the photography was smooth and simple and perfectly matched the mood of the film.I have to be honest: I had quite big expectations for this one, but I was extremely disappointed. I went to see this movie mainly because of the director and the cast. I know nothing about fashion or Gucci, maybe I am not in the target area, but still I think that they could have done so much more with a big brand such as this one. The plot has its good moments and it is entertaining enough to keep me until the end, even though I would have cut a couple of scenes. It is not a bad production, but I think that this was an unnecessary and uninspired movie. I would recommend waiting for the release of "House of Gucci" on some streaming service or on Blu-ray. For me it is not worth going to the cinema for it.
6 House of Gucci is probably the most stylish film of 2021, it looked awesome, this was beautifully made, the quality of production and direction is phenomenal. It isn't just style over substance though, it's well made, generally well acted, it tells a fascinating and twisted story.The main issue about this film for me, was the pacing, it was somewhat uneven, at times it felt frustratingly slow, fortunately it did pick up at its conclusion. The running time was overlong, what is it with films in 2021? Why the need for everything to be almost three hours? Is there some deal for cost per minute at cinemas? Ninety minute films work too.If you ever think your family has problems, just watch this, and you'll see what family problems really are. Scandal, betrayal and murder, it's a rags to riches story with a twist.The acting, for the most part I thought it was great, Jeremy Irons was the standout for me, as he so often is, but Lady Gaga was awesome as Patrizia, she did a great job. Adam Driver on the other hand, I'm not sure why, but I felt as though he was a little uninterested, perhaps a little bored?6/10.
4 This movie looks like a dressup game for adults. You know when adults start dressing up for a party and start acting silly. That's what this movie is about.Not any good? NO. We have great actors looking SILLY. I must applaud the makeup department though. They really did a good job. BUT....the actors still constantly look they are taking part in a dress up game.The actors failed in delivering a gripping drama. It wasnt terribly bad, it simply was below average, kinda mediocre and I hate it when a (supposedly) drama is only mediocre.This movie might still please the childish Lady Gaga fan crowd, who are brainless, so enjoy the (tedious) show...
2 February 2022 A film so out of its mind that it is operating entirely on impulses, House of Gucci makes for a wild, inconsistent & unabashedly over-the-top biographical crime drama that chronicles the downfall of the Gucci family dynasty without any intent or interest and is surprisingly fuelled by absolutely unhinged performances, each functioning on a separate wavelength and pointed in a different direction.Directed by Ridley Scott, this tonal nightmare plays out like an (un)intentional parody of the Oscar-bait biopics and is far from the quality of work we expect from the filmmaker at helm. All its elements are at odds with each other, thus resulting in a film so bonkers & unpredictable in its approach & execution that it actually piques the curiosity in a way that's not just unusual or unexpected but also nonsensical.However, a story treatment this uneven & erratic can only carry on for a while before the appeal goes away and this one goes on for 157 long minutes, all of which is tediously paced. The characters themselves are mere caricatures and the ensemble cast is given the license to render them as such. But none of the actors are ever on the same level or looking for any kind of harmony even when sharing screen together.Overall, House of Gucci is inarguably the "so bad it's good" film of the year. Laced with irony, drowning in decadence and incongruous in each n every aspect, this overlong & overbearing train-wreck suffers from issues of its own makings and despite boasting an A-list ensemble, it doesn't utilise a shred of their talents. Inadvertently hilarious & downright mediocre, Ridley Scott's latest is what happens when the entire cast n crew is left unsupervised & goes amok.
5 The second Ridley Scott film of this year is here! After his medieval epic The Last Duel flopped brilliantly at the box office, he can expect more in this respect with House of Gucci. Not only is Gucci one of the most famous and prestigious fashion brands, Lady Gaga is also in the lead role. I guess the strong fanbase of the singer will not be asked a second time. In the film, she suddenly finds herself part of the Gucci dynasty and becomes the protagonist of a toxic power struggle.Yet Gaga is still a relative unknown in Hollywood-speak. She made her big breakthrough in the 2018 music film A Star is Born. Scott, as he did in The Last Duel, has assembled an incomparable star ensemble. Adam Driver, who seems to be establishing himself as the director's new darling, evergreens Al Pacino and Jeremy Irons and an unrecognisable Jared Leto embody the key roles in the Gucci clan. In addition, Salma Hayek emerges as a kind of mentor for Gaga's character. But who is Gaga playing anyway? She is the young and rebellious Patrizia Reggiani. An extroverted perennial who worms her way into the millionaire family with charm and fascination. She is courted by the ambitious Maurizio Gucci, played by Driver, who actually wants to leave the intrigues and sometimes shabby business dealings of his predecessors behind. Once he falls in love with Patrizia and marries her, he is left with no choice but to get involved again. Driver and Gaga share a very passionate chemistry in the first act, which you fully buy into with little dialogue and through pure body language. While Driver plays rather reserved and shy, this quality emanates especially from Gaga, who doesn't hold back in any of her intimate scenes. At least the two characters are able to unfold their own approaches here. But when Al Pacino's character Aldo Gucci, Maurizio's uncle, insists on his nephew's re-entry into the family business, the two lose all closeness to each other. Rather, it is only an extremely manipulative relationship that both actors have to show in a few scenes. All the more Aldo and his son Paolo Gucci, portrayed by Leto, come to the fore. From this point on, the film lapses into a few minutes of megalomania, largely due to Leto's performance. He is exclusively eccentric and desperate and all in all a tragic figure. Whether you find this Super Mario caricature brilliant or miserable is a matter of interpretation.House of Gucci begins extremely quietly and shows the rise of the lovers in well-done visual sequences. The performances are generally fitting and although the film seems anti-Italian, I love it when Adam Driver cruises through Milan on his Vespa. But as interesting as the pecking order and hierarchy within the Gucci family is, from the second act onwards the film devolves into an overplayed and hyperactive tragedy that, despite the craziness of its scenes and actors, actually manages to be long-winded. Fashion, creativity and the business idea are not a theme at all, which in no way brings us closer to this brand that is so present. In the end we have a family epic (the film lasts 2  hours), with exclusively unsympathetic characters. One more request to Ridley Scott: just let your actors speak English and don't embarrass them with Italian stereotypes with accents.
7 "House of Gucci" is a beautifully shot picture with great people involved. It is somewhat underwhelming and a tad too long, but there are great moments sprinkled throughout the movie.The film is based on the real murder of Maurizio Gucci and the downfall of the Gucci family. It all begins when Patrizia Reggiani marries into the Gucci family and the rest is history.Lady Gaga is great as the ambitious Patrizia Reggiani but she is also inconsistent with her performance. Pacino, Driver and Leto are good per usual. It is however a daring choice by the filmmakers to have the actors speak in English with an Italian accent. It is not a huge problem, but it does occasionally take the viewer out of the experience.The first forty minutes of the movie are great. The characters are well introduced, and the plot is intriguing. The rest of the movie does not maintain this standard. The last 30 minutes are beyond underwhelming and the climax is cold and emotionless.There are issues with "House of Gucci" but the production design is not one of them. The film is beautifully shot and the locations look great. "House of Gucci" is very stylish and the costume department really outdid themselves.With everything said, "House of Gucci" is a decent film with outstanding visuals and great acting. If you like fashion, then you should give this movie a watch. It is beautiful and quite enjoyable despite its excessive runtime.
5 Ridley Scott assembled an all-star cast for his period crime drama "House of Gucci," but unfortunately the film's quality doesn't match the talents of those involved. The film tells the story of the relationship between Maurizio Gucci (Adam Driver) and Patrizia Reggiani (Lady Gaga,) as Maurizio tries to exert greater control over Gucci and expand its financial footing. Despite what the trailers may have you believe, most of the movie isn't about the assassination of Maurizio. While the film tries to settle on a variety of tones and plot points to emphasize, it ends up being a giant mess on many levels.The performances are a mixed bag, as each of the main actors seems to be acting as if they are in a different movie from one another. Adam Driver tries his best as an ambitious, no-nonsense Gucci, but performance lacks range and can feel cold at times. Lady Gaga is mostly solid, although some might feel that she overacts a little. Al Pacino is good, but unfortunately underused. Jared Leto's character is almost cartoonishly annoying and ridiculous. The screenplay isn't terrible, but it is rather generic and contains tons of unnecessary filler. Even scenes that could be potentially interesting on paper, such as a masquerade party where Maurizio and Patrizia met for the first time, are stripped down to predictable clichs when shown on screen. The film's aesthetics are uneven. As one might expect, the costumes are gorgeously and intricately detailed, while the cinematography of northern Italy is often potent. Yet the film suffers from poor editing, as some scenes are punctuated or accentuated by a quick finishing or starting cut to another moment that seems wholly unnecessary or abrupt. Yet "House of Gucci"'s biggest flaw is simply that it is just dull and often boring. By failing to make its primary characters engaging or stick to a well-paced narrative structure, viewers may question whether the film really needs to be 157 minutes long. It's unfortunate that this film ended up being a misfire, given that both Ridley Scott and the talented actors making up the film's ensemble cast are capable of so much better. Not recommended. 5/10.
5 Based on true events usually means that the true events are fictionalized and made more spectacular. Since I am Italian, I already knew what happened between Patrizia Reggiani and Maurizio Gucci, because at the time their lurid story occupied headlines in national newspapers. The real story seemed to have gone more or less as described, with Patrizia being a vulgar gold digger, who used to consult fortune tellers and ended up hiring her killer via her "clairvoyant" BFF, once Maurizio dumped her.Lady Gaga nails the part, probably thanks to her natural arrogance, and she looks a lot like a prettier version of the real Patrizia; Driver is bland as usual, although his part probably called for a weak character; Pacino is a tad more subdued than usual, which is much appreciated but Jared Leto as Paolo Gucci is unbearable, more than an eccentric Italian he does a version of what an American considers typical Italian, missing completely the mark and spoiling it further with a dreadful accent.Even if costumes and locations are generally OK, the soundtrack is extremely sloppy, as if nobody could be bothered to do some research and produce a soundtrack suitable to the time and place. Instead, they took the shortcut of going for Italian opera, the trite soundtrack of choice for movies with Italian characters, even if by now is super outdated; a couple of Italian songs from the Sixties sounded totally wrong because the film takes places in the Eighties and a few disco hits blasted on incongruously at the wrong time... totally not an Italian atmosphere, unless you think in Italy time stopped with La Dolce Vita, or even earlier with Verdi.Apart from the dreadful soundtrack, some parts (mainly all those with Leto) dragged on too long and dragged the movie down.PS in the first third of the film Maurizio Gucci is jumping wildly inside one of the shops and stopping in a freeze-frame that we discover right at the end, belongs to a photo shooting with Avedon. What was that? Did nobody check the editing?
5 Ridley Scott's movie of the marriage of Maurizio and Patrizia Gucci which led to the latter being convicted with her accomplices of arranging her husband's broad-daylight murder, I'm afraid I found overlong and at times boring...Of course the background story is interesting, as poor Patrizia, the daughter of a truck company owner, played by pop star Lady Gaga, meets the shy, geekish Maurizio, (Adam Driver), at a party, then arranges an accidental meeting to see him again and it's not long before his seduction is complete and he's introducing her to his snobbish, vain old retired-actor dad, Rodolfo (Jeremy Irons) who soon after he learns she can't tell a Picasso from a Klimt, writes her off as a gold-digger and promptly cuts them both off from the family fortune after they marry.For me, this was the best part of the film, a forbidden love story set in 70's and 80's Milan to a background of pulsating Donna Summer records. Then enter Al Pacino as Uncle Aldo, Rodolfo's brother who perhaps as a reaction to his poor relationship with his own idiot son Paolo (Jared Leto) himself a misguided would-be fashion designer who has as much talent and flair as a used match, takes a shine to the disowned couple and brings them into the family business. Big mistake!Pacino of course doesn't do quiet anymore and immediately he appears, makes a beeline for the scenery to sink his teeth into it. From there, the plot thickens as the company fortunes slip and the family control diminishes. Eventually too, Maurizio tires of Patrizia and leaves her for a young blonde he meets on the ski-slopes which act proves to be the decisive one in pushing his estranged wife over the edge to hatch her murder plot.Maybe it's just the subject matter of the fashion world that doesn't interest me much, but I found it difficult to be much engaged by the lifestyles of the rich and famous depicted here. Gaga works hard, maybe too hard, as the upwardly mobile Patrizia but Driver seems to get by a lot with just his goofy smile behind his character's oversized glasses.At nearly three hours long, it seemed to me to me as if a sharp pair of scissors were needed to cut this maxi-length material down to a more manageable length. As it was, I will confess to nodding off more than once at the lack of dramatic tension on the screen.Sometimes these dramatised retellings of real-life events work well as movies while some are better served as straight documentaries. This particular feature for me probably fell into the latter category.
4 This was a story I did not know. Patrizia Reggiani (Lady Gaga) marries into the Gucci family and with the help of Salma Hayek is able to bring down the entire Gucci empire which appear to have been on its last legs.The film seemed to be plot driven and was uneven. Characters were not developed. Patrizia was very poorly developed not giving us any hint of what she was capable of doing. Lady Gaga and Adam Driver were dry and dull. I feel the rave reviews is more of a case of the Emperor having no clothes. Lady Gaga can't act.Guide: F-word. Sex. Near nudity.
2 This is what happens when you take the biggest, most BLOATED egos in Hollywood and put them in the same room. An utter failure from the first frame. Al Pacino, Jeremy Irons, and the BIGGEST egomaniac of them ALL; Lady Gaga, (who I shall refer to as "Lady Kaka" after witnessing this abortion of a film.) strut around like Gods of the Universe, spewing insipid dialogue as if they are each the only person in the room. Then you have Ridley Scott, sitting behind the camera, probably thinking how "Epic" it all was. Even the makeup guy was trying to be a star; was it necessary to take a young, thin, gorgeous man like Jared Leto, only to bury him under foam rubber jowls and a bald wig and a Santa Claus body suit? How long did it take to make this guy up each morning? Wouldn't it have been LESS IDIOTIC to simply cast an actor who already looked the part? Surely there are plenty of ugly, out of shape actors in tinseltown who would love the work....like maybe one of the winos that sleep under the bridges of the LA freeway? The entire production seems like a massive "Orgy of Failure.." I have yet to see anything produced, "post-pandemic," that isn't completely lacking in heart, soul,and talent. What's going on? I know this is a miserable time in history...but some of the best movies were made during the Great Depression. It seems like everyone is just going through the motions, and this putrid film is a prime example...
4 In 2021 legendary British director Ridley Scott made a great drama starring Adam Driver and it wasn't called House of Gucci.Releasing mere months on from his unfortunate box office dud The Last Duel, easily one of Scott's best films in decades, Gucci appeared on paper to be a likely heavy hitting Oscar contender and while it's likely to receive some Oscar spotlight thanks to its best asset Lady Gaga's solid turn as Patrizia Reggiani, Gucci is a dull and lifeless dialogue driven family drama based around true life events that occurred in the famous Gucci family in the 1980's.With its loaded based on reality plot and a name brand cast that many prestigious dramas would kill to get, Gucci should've been something special when one considers that talent in front of and behind the camera but this often tiresome two and a half hour epic (that really didn't need to be as long as it was when delivered this way) struggles to provide its audience with a single special element as it follows Reggiani and her new husband Maurizio Gucci (Adam Driver in one of his more mid-tier leading turns) through their ups and downs as Gucci heirs.Feeling like nothing more than a procession of endless scenes with actors chewing on dialogue, none more so than a Razzie worthy prosthetic clad Jared Leto who appears to have arrived to the set thinking his in an entirely different film, as his over the top Paolo Gucci waltzes around clambering for attention, Gucci has no heart or soul within its cold delivery that extends to Scott's workmanlike direction that's content in just being there rather than creating any type of cinematic magic or spark.As the man in charge, much blame for Gucci's dry delivery and unexciting procedural nature falls at the feet of Scott who showed so recently with The Last Duel that his still capable after all these years in the industry of making features like the best of them can, making this forgettable and perhaps too self-assured outing all the more disappointing when one ponders just what may've been had all the ingredients here come together in the way all film fans would've hoped for them to do.Final Say -Outside of Lady Gaga an A-list cast can't breathe life into a laborious and unimaginative drama based around some fascinating true life characters. With a distracting Jared Leto only making matters worse, House of Gucci is a big step backwards for Scott after the effort he made with The Last Duel.2 scarves out of 5.For more reviews check out Jordan and Eddie (The Movie Guys)
7 Greetings again from the darkness. I've never purchased or owned anything Gucci, but that didn't prevent me from enjoying the heck out of Ridley Scott's film that brings the longest, most expensive and dangerous real life episode of 'Family Feud' to the big screen. It's co-written by Becky Johnston and Roberto Bentivegna, and is based on the 2001 book, "House of Gucci: A Sensational Story of Murder, Madness, Glamour, and Greed" by Sara Gay Forden. Brace yourself for a (mostly) true wild ride, and for what is likely to be one of the year's most divisive films - plenty of love and hate (just like the actual story).What happens when a brand is so closely associated with a family name? The arguments begin on who 'deserves' to be a Gucci, who is a 'real' Gucci, and who should make the decisions that impact the Gucci family and business wealth and reputation. During the extended run time (2 hours, 37 minutes), we see many of the iconic Gucci items: the Flora scarf, the moccasins, the bamboo bag, and the watches. And though high fashion is always present, director Scott has delivered a spectacle of romance, family riffs, extravagance, greed, power, betrayal, revenge, and crime.Lady Gaga (Oscar winner, A STAR IS BORN, 2018) stars as Patrizia, the newest Gucci. Hers is not blind ambition, but rather calculated and laser-focused. That she implodes a dysfunctional family is only a portion of the story. After marrying Maurizio Gucci (Adam Driver), Patrizia immediately begins manipulating her husband into reconciling with his family and taking on an active role in a business for which he previously had little interest. This is simply step two (the first was marriage) in her grand scheme to control the business and the money. Maurizio's father Rodolfo (Oscar winner Jeremy Irons, REVERSAL OF FORTUNE, 1990) is ailing, so it's Uncle Aldo (Oscar winner Al Pacino, SCENT OF A WOMAN, 1992) to whom Patrizia directs her attention. She plays it like a chess match - only this is more entertaining to watch unfold.Also in the picture is Paolo Gucci (a truly unrecognizable Jared Leto, Oscar winner, DALLAS BUYERS CLUB), Aldo's son, and a family outcast. Paolo is a wildly creative individual who tends to his pet pigeons and tries desperately to find his place in the family. Jack Huston plays Dominico De Sole, Rodolfo's consigliere and the family attorney. Each of the characters is given their time in the spotlight, including a terrific breakfast scene with Pacino and Irons. Of course this is mostly Patrizia's story, so it's Lady Gaga's performance that will attract much of the attention and commentary. I found her mesmerizing and twisted fun to watch as she proceeded with backstabbing and trickery. Driver's quietly intense approach makes the perfect contrast to hers.If you are familiar with the story, you know that Maurizio does eventually run the company, and he also tires of Patrizia's family-crushing antics ... which send him back into the arms of Paola Franchi (Camile Cottin, STILLWATER, 2021). This turns the campy and juicy melodrama factor up to 11 (on the Spinal Tap scale). Patrizia's frequent trips to fortune teller and TV psychic Pina Auriemma (Salma Hayek) cause a massive tonal shift in the film, leading to the well-documented conclusion. If all this isn't strange enough, Ms. Hayek is the real-life spouse of the CEO of Gucci's present-day parent company, Kering. Reeve Carney ("Penny Dreadful") has a small, yet vital role as up-and-coming fashion designer Tom Ford.In this movie, it's easy to describe some performances as hammy or over-the-top, but that's likely to only hold as a first reaction. Leto's characterization of Paolo sticks out so much from the others ... but he was known as eccentric, and at best, was patronized by the family. It seems highly likely that his personality and approach stood in stark contrast to the old-school style of his father Aldo, or the more staid personalities of his Uncle Rodolfo and cousin Maurizio. Lady Gaga as Patrizia is cunning and shrewd in her calculated approach to re-structure the family and the business. She plays whatever games she must to get where she wants to be. I found her first half performance to be truly outstanding. Pacino is the actor who has trademarked hammy performances over the years, yet here, he fully grasps his role and character, and is a delight to watch.Much of this is documented by history, though the Gucci family claims not all is or was how it seems. Whether the boost in counterfeiting/knock-offs went down in the 70's and 80's as it's portrayed here, might be an area worth researching, but this is much less a case study in business principles as it is one in family dynamics. I'll certainly understand those who argue against the story structure here, but the entertainment value proved to be enough for me. As the Gucci tagline goes, "Quality is remembered long after price is forgotten", but the backstabbing and disloyalty is never forgotten - despite providing great theater (and fashion).Opens in theaters on November 24, 2021.
6 As I'm on holiday at the moment in Portugal, this was seen as "Casa de Gucci". But the soundtrack was English with Portuguese subtitles. At least, I *think* it was English!Positives:
Other than the bare outlines, it's a story I knew nothing about, so it made for interesting viewing. And who doesn't want to see some escapist high-fashion, flashy cars and Italian high-living on the big screen?Adam Driver delivers another stonking performance. He delivers the best of the accents on show and is a delight to watch whenever he's on screen. His performance is deliciously subtle and under-played. A model for acting lessons.Al Pacino, in full-on Pacino mode, is also great as Maurizio's uncle: owner of the other half of the empire.Negatives:
The accents! Where do I begin? I felt a desperate need mid-film to order a Cornetto and go compare my car insurance online. While Driver and Pacino tend to rein it in, most of the rest of the cast assume accents approaching a bad parody of Italians. Jared Leto and Gaga are particularly guilty.I appreciate that the part of the "idiot" Paolo Gucci was meant to be comedic, but Jared Leto seems to almost be in a different film entirely. There's 'over-the-top' and 'waaaaay over-the-top'.I've seen some other reviews praising Lady Gaga... saying that it proves her performance in "A Star is Born" wasn't just a "flash in the pan". Personally, I didn't feel it. I appreciate that the character of Patrizia is a larger-than-life one. But, although she did have some impressive scenes, for most of her performance I felt like she was obviously acting, and sometimes over-acting. The accent didn't help.The film has a banging set of tunes, no argument. But for a sprawling drama told over a few decades (the film is nearly 160 minutes long!), music should be used to anchor the movie as to which year you are currently in. Donna Summer "I Feel Love": so it must be 1977. But the movie doesn't consistently follow that rule. It's the early 70's, but suddenly George Michael's "Faith" blares out. #Unsettling.This may be my lack of concentration, but there seems to be an assertion in the film (presumably completely false) that Aldo Gucci was supporting/producing knockoff Gucci products for the mass-market: a "lucrative product line" that was later canned by Maurizio. I was personally confused by this bit of the story.Summary Thoughts on "House of Gucci": This was not the <2* bust that I thought it might be from early word I saw from other reviews. The fact that it turns out to be a 158 minute film surprised me, since it felt long... but not that long. So that's a good thing. And it has its moments for sure. But this is not a movie that I will be in a hurry to revisit, since the accents and some of the performances (Jared Leto - take one step forwards) are not ones that I thought worthy of the potential that the movie had. For me, Ridley, I'll take "The Last Duel" any day.(For the full graphical review, check out #onemannsmovies online. Thanks.)
3 Heard much about this film & saw plenty of previews & interviews about it prior to release & thought to give it a watch as I myself have obviously heard of the Italian Clothing Brand Gucci.The film basically tells the story of the controversial feud behind the Italian clothing brand & the paid assassination of Rodolfo's son Maurizio by his ex wife, Patrizia.I found the film to be pretty slow & boring. Not a lot happens & when it does it's not great, the pay off just isn't there. At 2 hours & 31 minutes, this film is stupidly long & has terrible pacing issues. A lot of scenes could've easily have been cut out & did nothing but drag the film out. 30-40 minutes easily could've been exercised from this film as well as some added action, yes I know the film is a drama about the real life clothing company but come on, you need to keep the audience investigated otherwise it just falls apart.But aside from that, the story was interesting enough, the eye candy was ace with Lady Gaga & some of the scenery was nice too.Overall, it's a long film that's mostly boring & lacks impact of action, aside from some eye candy & a few scenes, the film sadly fails.3/10.
2 She is almost in every scene, and at 2.5 hours there is not much to like. Lots of press over her ad lib of father, son and the house of Gucci, but who cares.Tons of scenes of people talking fashion and this and that but little substance. Adam Driver is annoying at best. Pacino does his best to replay his Scent of a Woman overacting and it gets old fast.The soundtrack is poor and badly placed and the whole film is produced similar to a 70's film with poor cut scenes and bizarre camera angles.Ridley Scott's worst film, and hopefully Gaga won't ever get top billing again.
5 After seeing the first reveal photos around a year ago I was entranced, this looked like a world completely different from my own, exciting and fashionable with a cast that I mostly adored, the first trailers came out and I was still ready for what to me was looking like a contender for film of the year. Sadly what we ended up with in the end is anything but. It feels like a pale imitation of Wolf of Wall Street with sequences that really invoke the Scorsese film, the thing is that while Wolf of Wall Street is 3 hours long and phenomenally paced, this film is anything but. At 2 hours 38 minutes this film really feels it's length, I was constantly fidgeting and waiting for it to be over, I liked the cast but to be honest I don't think they had any chemistry, the reviews all said that Gaga was chewing up the scenes but I found her performance really plain, I much preferred Adam Driver as the soft spoken Gucci. The music is all good and I believe it was all from the period the film is set in but I didn't think the glam rock was really meshing with the atmosphere of the rest of the film.The movie had potential and hidden in it somewhere is a great film, the story is fascinating just not well adapted to the screen, but what we ended up with was a shallow imitation of other better films that failed in almost every aspect and was full of long pauses, honestly if you cut out the pauses that were taken in every sentence you could probably have made a film 30 minutes shorter and ten times better. The only thing I really liked in the film was Al Pacino, Adam Driver and the cinematography, all of which were gorgeous. This felt like a film anyone could have made and I feel it reflects badly on Ridley Scott who is blaming it's poor performance on anything and everything that isn't the simple fact of it not being a great film.
1 Lady Gaga overacted the entire time and there were a countless number of dialogue scenes that didn't go anywhere/didn't progress the story. It was genuinely one of the most dragged out movies I've ever seen.
1 I know a lot of people like Gaga but she is a terrible actor and her attempt at an Italian accent was abysmal and so distracting! Even in scenes Gaga wasn't appearing in, I dreaded her reappearing and having to listen to her overly ridiculous accent. I just couldn't get past it..I loved the rest of the cast but Gaga ruined it for me!
4 An uneasy mix of satire and serious drama. HOUSE OF GUCCI seems to start off well, with a tongue-in-cheek background story. Maurizio meets Patrizia, things go quite well, then they don't. I don't know how much license the film makers took in writing this, but it would be plausible if done in a straightforward way. The problem is basically one of tone. There's campy (but rarely funny) turn by Jared Leto as Paolo, the "idiot" cousin, and sometimes funny one by Al Pacino--fairly subdued, but with his trademark smoldering rage under the surface, controlling it to a big outburst manages to work. But that won't rescue the movie from too many quiet dialog scenes that add little to the story and the fluctuating Italian accents that would be funny if the whole thing were more sure of its purpose. No one here deserves an award for acting, but some are better than others. Lady Gaga is pretty good (though she mispronounces here husband's name as "Morizio"). It's rare to see Adam Driver smile so much and he brings some charm to the early scenes. Some old chestnuts of Italian opera are sprinkled in the soundtrack, never tellingly and some others, like Andy Williams doing a holiday song, and 80s-period disco hits seem jarringly incongruous. Also, for a movie dealing with a fashion house, the color range is consistently wan. This seems an odd choice of material for Ridley Scott.
1 This film start with a man smoking at his dining table, and he went away with his bicycle scene! As turnout, this film is about a woman "Patrizia" need to take revenge on a family member of Gucci "Maurizio", who divorce her! Entire film full of boring conversation, and annoying overuse scene! Such as, overuse of the walking scene, overuse of the talking on the phone scene, overuse of the arguing scene, overuse of the calling names scene, overuse of the kissing scene, overuse of the copulate scene, overuse of the staring scene, overuse of the dancing scene, overuse of the drinking scene, overuse of the eating scene, overuse of the smoking scene, overuse of the driving scene, overuse of the riding motorcycle scene, overuse of the fortune telling scene, and overuse of the song playing at the background scene! Make the film unwatchable! At the end, Maurizio been killed, and Patrizia been arrested for murder! That's it! Wasting time to watch!
5 August 2003 I can't believe the reviews I have read about Top Gun being technically inaccurate, not enough character development, an overall simple and childish plot... gimme a freegin' break! This film was made to look cool, sound cool, and define cool. Yeah, okay, the MiG-28s are really F-5 Tigers; I've read the 'goofs' section before. And Tom Cruise's height. And about 'Maverick going supersonic - I'll be there in 30 seconds,' and the laws of physics preventing him from covering 200 or so miles from the carrier in that time. Whatever! So what! If Top Gun had tried to be accurate and true-to-life in every respect, it would have been some oh-so-serious flick like Courage Under Fire. Here's some examples of what I mean:1 - what's the best way to evade cannon fire? Do a snazzy barrel roll. Problem solved!2 - the MiG pilots have tinted visors. The good guys don't. Go figure.2.5 - Russian planes are actually grey or green. The MiG 28s are black. The Tomcats are... yeah, you guessed it... white! Good vs. Evil.3 - Modern air-to-air combat is usually fought at distances of tens of miles between aircraft. Top Gun uses much cooler spitting-distance WWI era tactics.4 - "It's too close for missiles. I'm switching to guns!" Enough said.5 - the generic guy carrying coffee who gets knocked over by the fuming air-control officer. We never see him get up. Classic.6 - even the edited TV version is a few steps above normal-cool. "... you'll be flying a cargo plane [edit]... out of Hong Kong!"7 - the way Iceman says, "Mayday, Mav's in trouble. He's in a flat spin, and heading out to sea."8 - the graceful way Top Gun maintained a PG rating, without using the F-word once.Top Gun came out in 1986. That's 1986. Seventeen years ago. It rocked then... it rocks now. Just watch it and have some fun.
3 November 2002 If there's ever proof of the cachet of Naval Aviation, this is it. Those poor Air Force guys got a trio of "Iron Eagle" flicks that went from bad to horrible, whereas the Navy flyboys got this great 1980's classic. Sure, it's cheesy and corny, but it makes the cheese and corn taste pretty damn good. A cynic might argue that it's just a two hour long Navy recruiting ad (one that worked for me, two years later I found my ass in Pensacola sweating through AOCS, short for Aviation Officer Candidate School, the program immortalized in "An Officer and a Gentleman") but by making a pro-Navy movie, the filmmakers also got invaluable technical assistance from top Navy aviators, and it shows.For starters, although this movie takes numerous liberties in order to entertain, the basic setup, in which fighter pilots from the fleet get sent to NAS Miramar, aka, "Top Gun" for intensive training, is 100% accurate. The Navy, back during Vietnam, was getting sick of losing too many pilots in air-to-air combat. The problem, they discovered, was their fighter jocks had been trained for purely long-range missile interceptions, meaning they'd lost their dogfighting skills. And, in Vietnam, several American planes were accidentally shot down by their own side by missiles, so, as a safety factor, enemy planes had to be visually identified, meaning American pilots were back to engaging the enemy at short range, hence the need for dogfighting. The "Top Gun" school was started as a result, and the rest is history.Now, back to the movie. Tom Cruise is Maverick, a hotshot pilot but also somewhat unstable. If "Risky Business" launched his career as a movie star, then "Top Gun" cemented it. Guys wanted to be like him, and women of course lusted after him. The plot is pure formula, but executed with consummate professionalism. The team who put this movie together knew exactly how to push all the right buttons. But the crme de la crme is surely the flying. I don't think that any movie, before or since, has ever rendered air combat in a more convincing and dramatic fashion. For nearly 100 years fighter pilots have been the modern equivalent of olden knights, men who brought a sense of glamour and romance to the deadly art of war, and this movie gives them a fitting tribute.8/10
8 Pete "Maverick" Mitchell flies F-14 Tomcats for the US Navy with his Radar Intercept Officer Nick "Goose" Bradshaw. Maverick is a bit of a wildcard with a certain contempt for the rule but when the unit's number one pilot has a panic attack during an encounter with a pair of MiGs he finds himself sent to the prestigious 'Top Gun' school where he and Goose will train and compete with the finest pilots in the Navy. Once there he quickly ruffles a few feathers but also impresses with his flying and is one of the favourites to be top of the class. Away from the flying he gets involved with instructor Charlotte "Charlie" Blackwood. A tragic accident during training means he considers whether or not to quit but when a situation arises in the Indian Ocean he takes to the skies again and must put what he learnt into practice.I first watched this film in the eighties, loved it and watched it many times but having not watched it for several years I wondered how it would have aged. Thankfully it was as enjoyable as ever. The story itself is a little clich but it is well told and the aerial scenes are some of the best in any film I've seen no CGI here. The romantic subplot does feel a little forced as the two leads don't seem to have the right chemistry the relationship between the pilots and RIOs, especially between Maverick and Goose are more interesting than the romance. When the 'tragic event' occurs it is quite a shock and genuinely emotional. The cast do a decent job and it is no surprise that this launched Tom Cruise's career as an action star however the real stars are the Grumman F-14 Tomcats. Director Tony Scott did a great job capturing the action both in the sky and on the ground. Overall I'd say this is a must see for anybody who likes modern military aircraft and those who like decent action.
8 "On March 3, 1969 the United States Navy established an elite school for the top one percent of its pilots. Its purpose was to teach the lost art of aerial combat and to insure that the handful of men who graduated were the best fighter pilots in the world." So starts this action masterpiece from director Tony Scott. Hot shot pilot Maverick (Tom Cruise) gets a chance to attend Fighter Weapons School or Top Gun in Miramar when his lead Cougar loses it in the air. He's met by cold as ice Iceman (Val Kilmer) as his calculating competition. He always has his navigator Goose (Anthony Edwards) by his side. He constantly tries to prove himself running on instinct against his father's perceived failed mission. Top Gun commanding officer is Viper (Tom Skerritt) and Jester (Michael Ironside) is an instructor. Charlie (Kelly McGillis) is a civilian instructor.The action is great. Tony Scott shoots the action like a music video and it looks amazing. He gets great access to military hardware and locations. This is not the older generation military movie. Movie star Tom Cruise is perfectly suited as Maverick. The only minor hiccup is the limited chemistry between McGillis and Cruise. It's not bad and it doesn't detract from anything. This movie just has all the fun 80s stuff. It's funny. It's fun. It's a great popcorn movie.
9 Top Gun it can be argued is the perfect Reagan Era film and is is definitely the film that cemented Tom Cruise's stardom. It's probably now the film that most people will identify him with.Cruise plays Pete Mitchell aka Maverick who gets recommended for the Navy's elite Top Gun fighter pilot school. The best of the best train here at what they euphemistically call Fightertown, USA. The problem Tom has is he's the best and he knows it. That doesn't near and endear him to his fellow pilots.You can add Top Gun to a list of films that goes all the way back to Task Force where the story of the development of the aircraft carrier was told, to The Bridges at Toko-Ri which was a film that told about the first jet air war in Korea. What Gary Cooper flew in Task Force and what William Holden piloted in The Bridges at Toko-Ri are as ancient to Cruise's generation as what Eddie Rickenbacker flew in the first World War was to Holden and Cooper.One thing that has not left is that war in the air still is the glamor service because it allows a record of individual achievement. And with flying combat at the speeds they do, one has to make less than split second decisions. The men are better now than they were in the previous wars simply because they have to be.Cruise is ably assisted by such folks as Tim Rossovich, Barry Tubb, Clarence Gilyard, Whip Hubley, and Adrian Pasdar as fellow pilots at the Top Gun school. Val Kilmer turns in a nice performance as Cruise's number one rival to be number one in the class.Best in the film besides Tom is Anthony Edwards as his co-pilot and best friend. His death scene with Cruise is particularly poignant as is Edwards's wife Meg Ryan's scene with Tom as he breaks the news.Romance for Cruise is provided by Kelly McGillis who certainly had her choice of hunks to fall for, but this film doe seem to make a point that women like confidence in their men even if it can be overbearing at times to those around. McGillis is a civilian instructor so the romance does not bring Tom or her under military fraternization infractions.Top Gun is a film every bit as good as the ones I mentioned before. Tom Cruise was never more appealing on the screen. And this review is dedicated to the fighter pilots of the United States Navy, some of the best and brightest of the younger generation who are defending freedom for old codgers like me.
7 Hot shot fighter pilot Maverick (Tom Cruise) clashes with other pilots at Top Gun School while trying to prove himself and live down his father's bad reputation. He also makes time to get sexy with instructor Kelly McGillis, who may or may not have lost that lovin' feelin'. What an awesome movie. Who doesn't love Top Gun? It made Tom Cruise a household name, gave us countless quotable lines, and has one of the best soundtracks ever. Yeah, it's cheesy and formulaic but it's also a lot of fun. Hey, it's got a mustachioed Anthony Edwards playing a dude called Goose! How cool is that? One word of caution for all the young guys out there: following a woman into the ladies room will not work out well for you. Only Maverick can pull that off and get away with it.
31 July 2019 It is bizarre to define it or to give an opinion about it. It is legendary, the perfect mix of heroism, love, soundtrack and... Tom Cruise, rivalry and fly. Maybe, its lovely simplicity is the key of huge succes. And the discover of basic, small things defining us.
6 Back when I worked in the aviation industry 'Top Gun' was always a big deal. Pilots couldn't believe I hadn't seen it. A lot of them even said it was the reason they pursued that career path. I even have a close friend who has it as their favourite movie. And yet it still didn't really interest me. In fact if there wasn't a sequel coming out for it soon I may never have gotten around to watching it. It always seemed to me, from the little I knew about it, that it was a plotless movie. And having seen it that was a correct assessment. The movie isn't really about anything. The only thing that saves it from being a complete dumpster fire is the charisma of the characters.It's funny to watch a movie so old that the line 'I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you" is still included and even gets a laugh from the other characters. The film hasn't really aged that well in a lot of ways. The way the action sequences are filmed can make them quite hard to watch. This is something I hope they do far better in the sequel. I certainly enjoyed the characters interacting on land far more than the often quite lengthy action sequences in the air.The film has some memorable quotes which have aged very well. It also has a very good cast who do an excellent job of lifting the film up and making it what it is. It's not a film I can recommend as a must-watch though unfortunately. There simply isn't enough to it for me to do that.
9 Absolute cheese on a stick, but Top Gun proves that that's not always a bad thing. This movie's got everything - an arrogant prodigy who'd be out on his arse if he wasn't so good, a sensible, uglier best friend, a love interest (although she's a bit of a mess), an arch nemesis and his dumb sidekick, a few cool high fives and catchphrases, an emotional death scene, a euphoric victory scene and of course, some unforgettable action scenes. What more could any red-blooded child of the eighties ask for!? And anyone born around 1980 will remember how everyone was doing that double high five and saying 'talk to me, goose' to the kid next to them in class. Certainly one of my all time favourites.
8 Troubled by accusations that his deceased father was somehow disgraced as a pilot in a fateful combat sortie during the Vietnam War, "Pete 'Maverick" Mitchell" (Tom Cruise) exhibits a reckless nature while at the same time trying to be the best fighter pilot in the U.S. Navy. So when an incident disqualifies another pilot from attending the elite school known as Top Gun both he and his partner "Nick 'Goose' Bradshaw" (Anthony Edwards) are elated to be chosen instead. Yet as good as the two of them are, neither of them are prepared for just how grueling the competition will be to earn the honor of being top of their class. Now rather than reveal any more I will just say that I thought that the selection of Tom Cruise was a perfect choice for this picture as he exuded the necessary cockiness required for this role. Not only that but his acting, along with of Val Kilmer (as "Tom 'Iceman' Kazansky") and Tom Skerritt ("Mike 'Viper' Metcalf") was equally impressive as well. In short, those viewers looking for an excellent action film might want to consider this particular movie and I have rated it accordingly.
3 July 2002 Spoilers herein.This film is of historical interest. It is the first engineered blockbuster focused on romanticizing the gizmos of war as toys. Post Tom Clancy. It marks the turning point of Tom Cruise from a promising actor with controlled energy in `Color of Money' to a strutting mugger.It marks the first major screen debut of Meg Ryan, establishing her formula. So too with Val Kilmer, but both of those are mere celebrities rather than actors. Here also is Robbins who would turn into a fine actor.It is the event that got the Department of Defense re-energized about the effectiveness of Hollywood.But most of all, this film marks the switch between Ridley and Tony. Tony was expected to be the one to make intelligent films. Ridley had made two very impressive scifi films, but these were notable for their art direction. The money was on Ridley to fade, or find a commercial niche like Cameron. But things turned out the reverse. Tony has been making this same film over and over, each version more snappy, swoopy and gizmo-laden than the last.
19 May 2014 "What is 'Top Gun'? You think it's a story about a bunch of fighter pilots? It is a story about a man's struggle with his own homosexuality! It is! That is what 'Top Gun' is about, man!" - TarantinoTony Scott's "Top Gun" stars Tom Cruise as Maverick, a hotshot fly-boy who spends his days bedding babes, flying F14 Tomcats, posing in Ray-Bans, driving motorcycles and dog-fighting vaguely "foreign" fighter jets. Cocky but cute, Cruise's character would lead to a 500 percent increase in US Navy applicants. Cruise made cockpits cool.All the criticisms typically hurled toward "Top Gun" are true. The film's goofy, homo-erotic, jingoistic, its plot offers the usual Reaganesque war-porn and its style is Susan Sontag's "fascist aesthetic" on steroids. Tom Cruise's Maverick, and his fellow ace pilots (Goose and Iceman, the latter played by a scenery chewing Val Kilmer), are themselves called upon to do very little.But bad art can be good. Tony Scott's cinematography was novel for the era, his camera work and cutting were a solid decade ahead of their time, the F-14 is a goddess and Scott's aerial photography has still not been matched. For all its stupidity, Scott's chicks, jets and rock-and-roll aesthetic was new.But new things can be uncomfortably old. Though directed by a Brit, "Top Gun" oozes a very dated type of American nationalism. Riefenstahl's "Triump of the Willis" for the MTV generation, this is America as she sees herself: the underdog, cocky, righteous, insanely patriotic, casually warmongering and always protecting the free world with a babe on the arm (Meg Ryan) and 40,000 tonnes of tubular metal strapped below the crotch. The necrometrics and megadeaths incurred by Western Imperialism be damned. We look good blowing s**t up. Unsurprisingly, the film was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer, king of high-octane trash.Like most action movies released in the 1980s, "Top Gun" has become a camp classic. Effeminate, prissy and overcooked, the film's 1980's aesthetic (lots of synth, bubblegum pop, stylised sex scenes and sparkling teeth) is today typically viewed as being comically innocent. Others take it dead seriously.7.9/10  Evil, but some kind of 80s classic.
6 Top Gun is a high quality, visually stunning film that does all it can to take your breath away. It is the excellently choreographed dog fights that remain in the mind longer than anything as they are high octane, dazzling bursts of excitement which bring the film to life. However, fighter jet sequences do not make a film and it is the plot where Top Gun has some occasional problems.Parts of the story are overly cheesy and clichd. The proud to be American theme is dire, repetitive and anyone who dislikes over patriotism in films will despise this. The story line involving Tom Cruise and Tom Skerrit approaches boredom and is the pinnacle of Top Gun's cheese. 'Cheese' is OK, as long as it is not serious and that is where that specific story line falls flat. The fun cheesy parts are some of the films best moments. The volleyball scene is truly a classic and the four actors involved are genuinely enjoying themselves. The relationship between Tom Cruise and Anthony Edwards is also very moving at times and the dynamic they have makes for great viewing.The acting is what saves Top Gun from being Tinsel town garbage. Tom Cruise launched his career with this film. His cocky smile makes him perfect for this role and Cruise does fantastically at portraying a determined, passionate character. It is the emotional scenes where Cruise really sets himself apart from his peers. Cruise provides the few scenes where the audience are made to feel any emotion and he carries out his responsibility creditably. Anthony Edwards as Goose is also effective as the man who takes second spot to Cruise's Maverick. He is instantly popular with the audience with his wit, humour and charm. Val Kilmer and Rick Rossovich are great as the rivals. They play off each other really well and do a fantastic job to personify arrogance. Michael Ironside does what he does best and once again, manages to go through a whole film without smiling.The story between Cruise and Kelly McGillis is very romantic and sensual. The heat between them is conveyed very well on screen and it is this that sets Top Gun above films such as Iron Eagle and Chuck Norris films.Berlin's 'Take My Breath Away' is a song that still gets a good deal of airplay and suits this film to perfection; it's cheesy and its 80s. The music is very effective at setting the mood and complements the feel of the film.Top Gun is a film that achieves its objectives, to entertain. If you're looking for intelligent writing or mass thought provocation, this film isn't for you. Top Gun is best suited to those who desire to switch off their brain and enjoy.
7 Top gun, loved and loathed by many alike. The film that launched Tom Cruise's career. I'm a student and watching Top Gun for me is an amazing uplifting experience. A 'feel good' movie that could lift the worse of moods.The film executes cheese to perfection, yes there are some silly lines but there are some real good ones too! The aerial action sequences are truly amazing, and for 1986 nothing short of magnificent.The reason why Top Gun appeals to me...Imagine yourself on a Saturday night, not painting the town red staying in for the night. You have your few cans of Budweiser, your nachos what more could you ask for.From the amazing flight sequences, Mavericks motorbike, trashy romance and to the cool 80's soundtrack. Top Gun should be taken for what it is. An entertaining Film.
8 I didn't care much for Tom Cruise early in his career, I guess because I equated his real life personality with those of on-screen egotistical characters like Vincent Lauria in "The Color of Money" and 'Maverick' Pete Mitchell in the film under consideration here. His jumping up and down on Oprah's couch while advocating for Scientology in 1990 certainly didn't win him any favors in this viewer's eyes. I really have no idea how he is in real life, so it's unfair to paint an unreasonable picture of him based on early observations. I did like him as Nathan Algren in "The Last Samurai", and I've enjoyed his take on the Jack Reacher character. "Top Gun" was a major breakout role for Cruise and you can see why. His Hollywood good looks stand out strongly and he does have charisma on screen. As a hot shot pilot tapped for advanced flight training at the Fightertown U.S.A. base in Miramar, California, 'Maverick' Mitchell joins an elite group of flyers, some of whom have an outsized ego as big as his.What follows is a fairly formulaic story that follows Maverick as he pursues his air combat maneuver training and rivalry with Iceman Mike Kazansky (Val Kilmer), not to mention a romantic tangle with civilian instructor Charlotte 'Charlie' Blackwood (Kelly McGillis). The chemistry between them didn't work for this viewer, but that might just be me. I thought the repeated strains of 'Take My Breath Away' got a little heavy handed at times, as if you couldn't tell the couple was hot for each other. But it did win Best Original Song at the Oscars, so I guess it fulfilled it's purpose. When Mitchell faces a crisis of conscience with the death of his best friend and co-pilot Goose (Anthony Edwards), he has to summon up the courage and determination to move on. Though he misses out on the Top Gun trophy at Miramar, Maverick pulls through when it really counts in well orchestrated battle action over the Indian Ocean, which re-earns him the respect and admiration of his fellow pilots and officer trainers.Seeing as how this film is over three decades old as I write this, I can appreciate how far Tom Cruise has come as an actor and I have to admit, he's not bad. He's not a favorite, but you can see he's developed his craft. What I would say in criticism of the picture is the casting of Meg Ryan as the redneck wife of Anthony Edward's character Goose. Who at the time thought that was a good idea?
10 Def in the top ten of my favourite volleyball movies, with a delightful side story about flying planes
2 There were a number of great films that came out in the 1980s, but Top Gun nearly single-handedly stigmatized that era as being one of utter crap. Released in 1986, the film was a massive blockbuster, but aside from marveling over its technicalities and surface glitz, it is a near indefensible film, even as far as popcorn summer flicks go.The plot  if one chooses to lavish such a description on it  basically focuses on a group of crme de la crme aerial fighter pilots who attend an elite flight school in California and compete to see who will be Top Gun.So much for the plot! The focal character is a cocky, swaggering air jockey named Maverick, played with exuberant arrogance by Tom Cruise. All of the pilots spend their days either doing absurdly risky aerial acrobatics or preening around like peacocks displaying their plumage. Maverick functions as a veritable checklist of clichs for the modern action hero. His dead father was a pilot legend, but with a cloud hanging over him, which gives Maverick major daddy issues. The new adviser at the school just happens to be Kelly McGillis, the sexy woman that Maverick tried to pick up at the local bar the evening before with an embarrassing Righteous Brothers serenade (only the film seems to think it is charming!). Maverick's best friend is a pre-ER Anthony Edwards, who is a funny and sensitive family man married to ditzy Meg Ryan. And given that he is stuck with the nickname of Goose when all the other guys have coy macho nicknames like Iceman, Wolfman and Viper, you get the correct impression that this will be the film's sacrificial lamb to give Maverick his crisis in swaggering. Maverick also has a rivalry with another flyer, played by Val Kilmer, but since that plot thread is forgotten almost as soon as it is introduced, it seems pointless to comment on it.The film has been rightfully accused of heralding in the era of ADHD-action filmmaking, drowning in jingoism, featuring blatant homoeroticism and being little more than a feature length music video. The fact that there is some truth to all of those accusations may make the film seem like great dumb fun or a guilty pleasure, but that overlooks the fact that it is mind-deadeningly tedious.Director Tony Scott provides slick direction and the cinematography is spectacular, but nothing can detract from the fact that the film is emotionally lifeless and intellectually vacant. There are literally entire passages that seem to be nothing more than extended music videos. The film is bookended by aerial dogfights against faceless unknown enemies. Who are they and what are their nefarious plans? The film doesn't care. This may well be the first action film ever that fails to feature either a villain or any identifiable central conflict. Which pilot will become Top Gun at the flight school? The film could also care less about that since it is treated as irrelevant. In fact, precious few things seem to matter in this morass of noise than the next flashing light, billowing flag or whizzing plane.Bad film aficionados can laugh over the film's introduction of McGillis as our country's foremost expert aerial tactician, who has never set foot in a cockpit. Cruise and McGillis have a nonexistent sexual chemistry and spend the duration of the film lobbing their lines at each other like grenades and staring with such intensity that one fears a detached retina. Truthfully, there is nothing wrong with McGillis's acting here, but she is included in the film for only two cynical reasons. First, every action film must have "the girl". Second, because her character attests to the red-blooded heterosexuality of our leading man.The second is apparently important because Scott often depicts the hunky pilots as sex objects. They are often parading around in tighty-whities or precariously balanced towels fresh from the shower trying to out-macho each other and filmed with the blatant sexuality of a Calvin Klein perfume commercial. One lengthy sequence depicting a volleyball game is completely pointless to the film unless it is needed to pad the time out or the film wishes to showcase the sweaty bodies of the guys in tiny shorts  you be the judge. Of course, since the film refuses to step outside of PG-rated territory lest they lose their target audience of intellectually stunted adolescents, there is no actual nudity. In truth, while all of the displays of male skin are initially enticing, like the film itself, it becomes an annoyingly empty tease after a while.Although many have forgotten it, Cruise has demonstrated some great acting. While he is ideally iconic and definitely at his sexiest as Maverick, it becomes a thundering bore to watch him reduced to repeatedly strut across the screen with a smarmy grin plastered to his face and offer little else. Edwards turns in the film's best performance as Goose, largely because he is allowed to be affable and appealing without being saddled with the obnoxious posturing of some of the other characters. Tom Skerritt is on hand to provide a bit of maturity as a semi-mentor, but the remainder of the cast including Kilmer, John Stockwell, Tim Robbins, have literally nothing to do but function as scenery.Arguably the film's greatest weakness is that we have no rooting interest in anything that transpires on screen. Nothing seems credible, threatening or of any urgency. The film seems placidly laid-back about everything  including its action sequences, which will fail to lift the pulse of the most non-demanding viewer. Although this has been elevated as a somewhat dubious icon of 1980s filmmaking, this may well be the first hit action film with a complete lack of humor and a dearth of any real action.
19 January 2002 The fact that people are still writing about this film 15yrs after it was first released (and I'm not just talking about me!) really says a lot. I was dubious about writing a comment, seeing as it really has been ages since it was released and thinking that most people who wanted to see it probably already have. After recently watching it for the umpteenth time on TV, I felt compelled to write a quickie ;) I have to say, it's the first time I looked up Top Gun on the imdb and I was actually quite surprised that it only received a 6.4 rating. If you haven't seen the movie yet, don't judge it by the ratings, read a few user comments first and just rent it out, I guarantee you'll have a good time, especially with its amazing soundtrack! The best 80's songs ever written, I still get chills down my back listening to them ;) It's a simple plot but there's something about it that makes it a seriously enjoyable film and one you can watch time and time again. Go have fun! Enjoy!
10 Before Tom Cruise went all Scientology, Kelly McGillis was a lesbian, Anthony Edwards in the ER, Val Kilmer in the Doors, and unknowns Tim Robbins and Meg Ryan in the film before they became stars.The movie was the best reason for the mid 1980s. As Cruise is Maverick a hotshot Navy pilot who helped save another fellow flier. He and sidekick Edwards Goose, are sent to the Top Gun school to train with the best.And in the process, Cruise falls in love with McGillis Charlie, the civilian flight instructor. Who he met at the bar the night before. As both must hide their feelings for one another.And he and Edwards must deal with pilots such as Kilmer's Iceman. As the pilots must get points for only first place and no points are awarded for second place.Still it is a film that is the best of yesterday, today, and tomorrow regardless of what you think about Cruise today.
9 There is a school of thought that says all movies should be compared on an absolute scale.  It would say that movies must have a high level of credibility or familiarity in order to be "good" movies.  People who fall into this category simply should not watch Top Gun.  They won't enjoy it. Other people take the opposite, but no more valid approach of looking a each movie individually, disregarding all else but the movie.  For these people, no outside reality or credibility is important, because for them, a movie exists to entertain in whatever way it chooses to.  These people would enjoy Top Gun very much.  It is extremely doubtful that the producers ever even considered making Top Gun as a portrait of a fighter pilot's life, and this is why it is entertaining.  It is a rare type of movie, one that no one dares to make today, one that not only transcends reality, but wears it as a mask into the world of fantasy.  Everything from the wild dogfights to the fake love to the over the top glamorized (or should I say canonized) characters lets you know that this is a good old American hero drama.  That is why it is a horrible and fraudulent portrait of reality, and that is why I love it.
7 Tom Cruise, Kelly McGillis, Anthony Edwards, Val Kilmer, Michael Ironside and Tom Skerritt star in Tony Scott's 1986 action drama. Cruise plays Pete Mitchell aka "Maverick" and has a best friend, Goose (Edwards). They are hotshot navy pilots sent to a school for the best called, Top Gun. Soon, Maverick meets astrophysicist, Charlie (McGillis) and they become romantically involved with each other. When Goose dies in an accident, Maverick becomes emotionally drained and loses his concentration. He eventually gets back in gear and graduates with his crew members. Kilmer plays Iceman, Skerritt plays instructor/pilot, Viper and Ironside plays his assistant, Jester. This is definitely one of Cruise's best with a great cast, excellent score by Harold Faltermeyer and cool aerial sequences. I recommend this 80's classic.
4 You can just imagine Jerry Bruckheimer sitting at the studio offices in a totally disinterested mood as his colleagues discuss the pre planning stages of TOP GUN . Dismissing anything that vaguely resembles a good idea Jerry turns to them and says " Forget about complicated plots and great stories . Hire me a couple of hunky actors with great teeth and write me a couple of songs for the soundtrack " and his colleagues comply Personally speaking the above attitude seems kind of lousy if you want to make a good film but it's logical if you want to make a successful one . Tom Cruise and Val Kilmer , if the teenage girls don't rush out to the cinema to see either of these guys sure as hell every dentist in the country will , so right away you've got a ready made audience . Add to that lots of macho big boys toys ( In this case fighter jets ) which will appeal to a teenage male audience and you've got an even bigger ready made audience . Plus you can release a soundtrack which means more money and advertising for the movieYes indeed TOP GUN was a mega success at the cinema which proves Jerry Bruckheimer knows his stuff . However as many , many people have noted there's a big difference between a GOOD movie and a SUCCESSFUL movie and watching TOP GUN after almost 20 years after it came out it comes across as being shallow , thread bare and rather jingoistic . From the very first scene of fighter aircraft flying off the carrier to the closing credits director Tony Scott seems to be making something that's a cross between a recruiting film for the US Navy and a music video , there's romance for the girls , a few dog fight for the boys but much of it seems aimed for the next MTV slot . There's not a lot here that will challenge the mindI also couldn't noticing the flag waving either , in just about every scene a character proudly boasts that " The United States has the best fighter pilots in the world " . I'm not dissing anyone across the pond who's served their country but the undisputed kings of the sky are the Israeli airforce who manged to destroy 240 Egyptian fighters in one single day during the 1967 six day war . They also shot down 38 Syrian aircraft in dogfights , again in a single day , in June 1982 . The Israelis have no equals when it comes to fighter pilots * . I can understand Hollywood getting all nationalistic since they had such a right wing president ( A former Hollywood actor no less ) at the time but the " God bless the United States - we're the best at everything we do " attitude does grate very quickly especially to non Americans and a later Bruckheimer production PEARL HARBOR drowned in its patriotic fervor with an American fighter pilot almost winning The Battle Of Britain single handed A lot of people flocked to the cinema when it was first released and a lot of people bought the soundtrack too , but as a film it is rather shallow , uninvolving and if you can't remember the 1980s then you might be ever so puzzled why this film made so much money . If truth be told I'm slightly puzzled myself and I suggest you go out of your way to watch AN OFFICER AND A GENTLEMAN which is a very similar movie but a far better one* For a film that strangely negates the skill of the Israeli airforce I couldn't help noticing that this movie was inspired by an article written by Ehud Yonay . I've not checked up on this guy's background but wouldn't Ehud Yonay be an Israeli name ?
1 OK so I have been under the impression since I first heard about Top Gun that it was a classic must-watch at least once in your lifetime film. Turns out it's not. For all the accolades this film received over the years it has a shocking rating on IMDb and it does not shock me in the least. The Only thing that shocks me is the fact so many people talk about Top Gun being a great movie.The whole movie seemed like a major stretch and pointless. Just a bunch of guys who got together to play with their toys. I usually am not bothered by technical inaccuracies as I think movies do need to take artistic licence with their work, but Top Gun was ridiculous. There is no way the Navy would let it's trainees behave like this. And the characters are a bunch of arrogant conceded pigs. Everything seems pointless that the movie is an insult to everyone portrayed in it. I have seen it now and I never ever want to see it ever again.
8 OK, I suppose there is a lot to criticize in this film, but yet it still was very entertaining. It was fun to see Meg Ryan looking like she did on that soap opera, and Anthony Edwards with hair. This film made Edwards a star, and I hear that he can't stand the film. He is one of those major anti-military leftists and said that "Top Gun" is just the sort of jingoistic stuff that he hates. I wonder if he still feels that way. He did a good acting job in it though, as did the entire cast. Grade: B+
5 An American action drama; A story about a rebellious naval airforce pilot who is accepted into the air combat training programme where he finds romance with one of his instructors as he battles for top pilot status. It's difficult not to recommend this film for its style, visual photography (the awe of the fighter jet spectacle), blistering sound design, and winning soundtrack. The audience may feel spatially disoriented with the aerial scenes, but the fighter pilot lives in a world of 360-degree turns and the movie gives us a good secondhand sense of what it might be like to be in a dogfight. Weighed against all this are the many plot holes, corny dialogue and a bunk romance. All in all, in the air fair, on terra firma grimly predictable - it doesn't have a clue as to how two people in love might talk and behave.
4 Your usual style-over-substance comic book movie. Flimsy plot, really just a vehicle to move you from one action scene to another. Formulaic and cliched: change the characters and settings and you've got pretty much the story of every comic book superhero. Good CGI, but that's a given nowadays.
1 My God- does Amber Heard even understand HOW acting works? Just an horrible actor and Mamoa is almost as ridiculous. I cannot fathom the amount of money this cost so many people to make; if they bothered to read the script, though, then the expense is 100% on them.
3 If you are a preteen, the story may work for you. If you have any common sense, the bad dialogue and blatant rip off of every sci-fi and fantasy movie cliche will drive you crazy.Special effects are decent, and the story moves along at a decent pace. Momoa carries the film despite being surrounded by one dimensional characters with digitally botoxed faces. I would never watch this movie again.
5 There was embarrassing writing, embarrassing acting, and listening to Amber Heard trying to deliver this terrible dialogue with zero inflection was exhausting. Why does half of the population of Atlantis sound like they're from California? The dialogue was never more than cliche with a predictable plot. The "advanced ancient civilization hidden away from the world" trope is already old. There was so much CGI that none of the action ever felt impressive or tense or real. Any time someone said "Ocean Master" with a straight face I wanted to laugh.This would've been the perfect movie to not take itself too seriously, go for a more lighthearted and irreverent tone like Thor Ragnarok, but they just try so hard. It has none of the superhero charm that Marvel manages to carry over from the comics and thus you have one very long boring slog.How many scenes did we need where a quiet moment was interrupted by an exploding wall that didn't hurt anybody? I counted three or four. Also, that paint-by-numbers forced romance - "Wow there was a surprise and now we're accidentally holding hands", "Wow there was an explosion or something and I grabbed you " - give me a break. And whoever put together the soundtrack for this film should be summarily executed.
1 Why 1? Because I want so. Whatever Amber isin will get 1 from me and I am not going to watch the second part. It was a biiiiiiig mistake to let her act again.
4 I don't know where the hype for this film comes from, because it can't be from the content. The dialogue and characters in this movie are often ridiculous in the least entertaining way possible. Silly can be entertaining, but it can also just feel stupid. The female characters only seem to exist to be Aquaman's conscience (because he can't think for himself, as he's boring), they have no flaws or vices (in other words no depth). The villain is a cheap charicature of the warmonger, with a few poorly expressed environmental ideas thrown into his perspective. The good points of this film fall mostly on the visuals. It is a stunning film in terms of the undersea beauty portrayed, a literal riot of colour across the screen. I would also say that action is pretty positive, the combat is intense and epic. Overral though, I wouldn't reccomend
1 Seriously how on earth can I watch this the same again after the way she has treated Johnny Depp? If he gets cut from films so should amber. You can shove aqua man 2 where the sun don't shine if she's in it.
4 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Night * Monday MorningArthur Curry (Jason Momoa) is a half man, half aquarian warrior, who has been raised on Earth, and uses his special abilities to fight for justice. His latest escapades have seen him rescue an underwater boat from a group of vicious hijackers, one of whom is now eager for revenge. Meanwhile, in his underwater second home, tensions are brewing between rival kings Orm (Patrick Wilson) and Nereus (Dolph Lundgren), plunging him into a desperate inter-world battle, alongside the beautiful Mera (Amber Heard), to discover his true self.Suspension of disbelief is sometimes something you must be willing to engage with any regular movie, but with superhero movies, it's always something of a foregone conclusion, naturally with the inevitable fantasy element that is attached to the story. But, even by these standards, Aquaman, one of the most recent additions to the staple, rather pushes the boundaries. Opening in 1985, Nicole Kidman, as a mermaid, leaps out of the water by some guys house and comes into his life, living as a couple and raising a son (without, it seems, raising any eyebrows or contravening any marriage laws.) But this brief spark of incredulity serves as a sweetener for the lengthy vapidness that is to follow.Jason Momoa was a guy I'd never heard of before this film, and who on the back of it, it would seem, suddenly garnered the star power to charge 95 for his autograph at Comic Con. He certainly has the physical frame to fit the title role, and within the constraints of it, pulls off the grunting, edgy, wise-cracking tough guy in a perfectly serviceable manner, but nothing more than is required. The support cast is littered with big names, from Dafoe, Heard, Wilson, Kidman, and Lundgren making a pleasing big screen return in a none fighting role, all of whom are pretty much equally perfunctory.The film's big saving grace is it's magnificent visual spectacle, with some amazing CGI capturing a wonderous underwater kingdom, along with some snazzy costume design and amazing action. But it's at least twenty minutes too long and over indulgent, with a threadbare, unengaging story and empty, soulless performances. And that renders all that pretty meaningless. **
26 January 2019 Everything I saw, read and heard about 'Aquaman' before it came out had me convinced it wouldn't be my cup of tea. My impression was that this would be yet another bloated studio tentpole with cheesy dialog, a generic story and artificial looking CGI. However, once it opened, a passionate film fan I respect a lot started spreading so much obviously genuine enthusiasm for the movie that I eventually got over myself and watched it.I think it was the moment when Nicole Kidman swallowed a goldfish that I started to suspect I might actually enjoy this movie. That suspicion, however, turned out to be wrong, because I didn't just enjoy it: I ended up ADORING it. The weirdest thing: the film DID contain all those elements I had feared - and yet none of that seemed to matter. It just works. It shouldn't, but it somehow does, which is why I've since come to the conclusion that director James Wan is some sort of genius wizard filmmaker. Don't let the generic superhero tropes and cheesy dialog fool you into thinking this was a typical mainstream movie (though I DO suspect those things managed to fool the studio executives into thinking exactly that: which is probably how James Wan got away with it), because in truth, this is the least generic, most bonkers big budget studio flick I've seen in ages. It's the film 'Valerian' wants to be. It's crazy; it's over-the-top; it's beautifully designed with incredible attention to every little detail in every frame; it doesn't take itself seriously for a second, and yet it fully commits to - and loves - its characters and the world they inhabit.I was awed, literally awed by the design of the Atlantian society and technology; the worldbuilding and visuals are so distinct and original - which caught me completely off guard, because I didn't expect that in a 200 million studio picture for the masses. When the music score went into full synthesizer mode as "Aquabro" and Mera arrive on the collapsed bridge leading to the underwater city, and the screen virtually explodes with the most colorful creatures and underwater vehicles imaginable, I had a stupid grin on my face out of pure joy and adoration for this stunning display of artistic vision (the stupid grin stayed on my face for the remainder of the movie). And the film didn't let up. 'Aquaman' never loses steam; there's no weak third act (at least in my opinion); the wondrous discoveries and beautiful, unexpected designs and creatures keep coming until the very end. Although it has a very different tone, I was actually reminded of watching 'LOTR: The Return of the King' for the first time.It's true, 'Aquaman' delivers the typical, clichd, cheesy superhero tropes in spades, but those generic story beats - some of which were probably demanded by the studio - seem to be all surface; they're not what James Wan (or his characters) are really interested in. It almost seems to me that the director only used those tropes as camouflage to sneak in nods to every film of every genre he ever loved and get really creative with the worldbuilding. His biggest accomplishment, however - the film's greatest strength - is something that only few blockbusters ever achieve: he successfully combines a genuine sense of wonder and awe with complete, unabashed fun.So, to sum up this review: against my expectations, the superhero film I least expected to like managed to do what not a single superhero movie so far had done for me; it filled me with an urge to immediately see it again, because I was so in love with its bonkers, "everything-but-the-kitchen-sink" approach to filmmaking. Naturally, I now hope James Wan will also direct 'Aquaman 2', as I'm sure if given the chance, next time not even the kitchen sink will be safe.P.S. (for new IMDb users): In case you don't know whether to trust this review or not, because you have no idea what my tastes in film are, just click on my username - gogoschka-1 - and you'll see what my favorite movies are.
1 Amber needs to be fired from these movies. She is sick. Don't let this foul woman keep her job. This abuser needs to face the consequences of her actions.
3 Firstly, Aquaman is not a bad actor. He is cool and composed.Aquaman is lean and not a fatso chubster.Aquaman cares for justice and doing the right thing. He doesn't walk around like an ape who looks like his main job is being a gorilla at a shady night club.I suggest they don't make anymore of these. Well, at least not until the bouncer pretending he is Aquaman gets himself sorted out via lessons in social justice, an education (finish high school at least) and heaps of tattoo laser removal.
2 ... Actors were expected to have talent and bring acting ability to the screen..Then Hollywood decided to replace CGI with acting and any and all trash and low-life who can't point USofA on the map gets a gig for their 15-minute of fame.Yes, it was no accident that Nicole Kidman disappeared for half the movie. She demanded it.
1 World hunger could have been solved with the money it took to make this garbage, and the money paid by the idiots who paid to watch this. Idiotic content for idiotic people.
1 However, Scamber Turd deserves a minus 10 for being a poor actor, a liar, and a horrible human being overall.So luckily for Aquaman, the lowest I could give it was one star.I certainly won't be watching Aquaman 2 and hope that it sinks like the Titanic.
3 But Rock Wanna-be Bottom!Some fat dude with ink pretends he is the arbiter of justice and his shark horse roars underwater.
Lol what crap.
I am going back to my Aquaman comics.
2 Not AquamanWrong characterFalse storyillogicalEmbarrassingTattooed trashFatsourbanNever again.
3 I am just not into fat meatheads. Apparently the guy is some kind of a celebrity, which he might be, but he is definitely not an actor. Although, and this proves my point, anybody and anything seems to go nowadays.The character and disposition of Aquaman as depicted in the comic books (from where they supposedly get the notion for this film) is lost here. They just ignored Aquaman, used the name and did not bother with proper casting either.I would pass/
1 Even though I love Jason Mamoa, I refuse to watch anything with this woman in it.I know it has nothing do to with the movie but keeping her employed while Johnny gets blacklisted because of her lies, not fair. She should have gotten the same treatment and be replaced with Emilia Clarke. Jason and Emilia have good chemistry.
2 Especially in this day and age.The fat urban guy is obviously pumped up with steroids and placing him into the water will pollute the oceans further with chemicals.Do not do that!
25 April 2020 It was that bad.Total character assassination and a complete lack of understanding of what Aquaman is all about.
3 .... a story. What was that?Oh and if you are actually fit and you swim in or underwater you cannot be fat.Get a grip.
2 He is not a provider of justice or wisdomThe guy is a bunch of lard with one trashy character in every film and this one is no exception.He must have photos of some Hollywood honchos to keep appearing in films.
1 I originally based my review on my love for Mamoa. I could watch him read the telephone book and be happy. But I changed my rating to a 1 because of Amber. If they don't remove her from the second then I will not be purchasing a ticket for it.
2 I am a big fan of action. The thin chick was so slim but she could not save it. Story was boring and childish, hated it. How did the dude even know how to operate a shark? Better to have ejected this out! $20 wasted!
2 I have no idea why somebody would give this movie a good score, let alone 10. After 20 minutes I have decided that its for the best to switch my brain off and enjoy the show. But damn this movie is way too dumb. Character development is rushed and is given in a form of cringy and weak dialogues. Jokes feel like they are just out of place, but specific moments are created just for them to happen (which makes it even more ridiculous). There are some really stunning shots, but its more of an exception rather than the rule.
But the main issue, which makes this movie unwatchable without at least 4 cans of beer, is the fact that its linear as hell, there are 0 unpredictable plot twists, from the beginning of the movie (or even from trailers) you for sure know how its going to end.
Also the mood is unbelievably inconsistent, at some points characters are dead serious, while in 2 minutes they may be cracking jokes. Its not as bad as in Justice League, but black manta just looks pathetic with his constanty frowny or angry face.
WB, u evil corporate idiots, stop ruining your movies by trying to be like Marvel and making movies based on a formula which clearly doesn't work. It just looks like a parody and not a well done one.
6 .. what happens when you put one of Hollywood's last legitimate megastars, a genuine A-lister who can carry a film all by himself if he has to, in a second-rate production with a dismal second-rate script where nothing at all happens for the first 30 minutes ... and when things finally DO happen, you almost wish they didn't. Honestly. If I want a story where shadowy figures behind the scenes sanction bad things to good people, I CAN JUST WATCH THE NEWS.
5 Army Ranger Sgt. James Harper (Chris Pine) is discharged from military without benefits for taking pain medicine while recovering from a knee injury. Desperate to feed his family he works for a private firm. They go to Berlin on a mission and not only discovers he is expendable, but they were counting on it.Sgt. Harper is not as slick or clever as Jason Bourne. Nor can be torture someone like Liam Neeson. The film moves along, but the Hollywood twist is predictable. Dialogue was not memorable.Guide: F-word. No sex or nudity.
5 This is a decent movie with a decent story and decent action. Chris Pine gives a great performance. Unfortunately this movie is also fairly slow, fully predictable and very regular. It doesn't stand out in any way, but at the same time I didn't mind watching it. (1 viewing, 4/5/2022)
3 Paint by numbers ex-military story, everything you can guess just from the movie poster. After the first 10 minutes it's straight forward, with all the required military jargon to add some authenticity to this.The plot is basic, the plot twist is obvious from the beginning of the mission and the ending is expected.I can't give away any spoilers as they are too easy to guess what happens.Overall, very limited action scenes. Chris Pine is barely ok, he has a limp then he doesn't, then he does again. Ben Foster is his usual character as well as Keifer. Everything is as it should be.Zero surprises and because it's so a-b-c I give it 3 stars, not enough action for the action genre, def not a thriller, mystery or drama. Maybe a Background Movie Genre to watch while you're distracted with your phone or doing house chores.
6 Aside from being nothing we haven't seen already tons of times and much better, even the great leads couldn't save this hollow, dull, slow, convoluted and plot-hole riddled writing and directing. Was this even edited? Who cares about the flashbacks or the daddy issues? None of that was needed, as there was already lots of other filler for the little substance there was, in the dragged out and slowly paced 103 min runtime. The entire story was cliched and predictable. I feel bad for Pine, Foster and Sutherland having this mess on their resumes. It's a 6/10 from me.
6 Chris Pine performs admirably for his part... Unfortunately, the story doesn't have much to say. Nothing about it is memorable. It seems like a script more suited to Stallone, Arnold, or Bruce Willis in their youth. Pine, you are too young for this mediocrity. Leave these kinds of scripts for the older guys. By the way, I hated the Steve Trevor of Wonder Woman 1984. That was worse than this.In conclusion, I am left with the question what was the point of this film? I think younger people might like it for the gun fights.
5 The pacing of the movie is just off. First 20mind or so nothing really happens at all, then some decent random action scenes spaced out but nothing great. Disappointing overall, just a very generic and not well done action movie. Better to just watch tv episode of swat.
3 I accidentally watched The Dog, another film about a disgruntled ex-servicemen struggling with life. This is similar, but in The Contractor instead joins a shadowy outfit undertaking dodgy missions in Germany. It's not believable, on may levels. The acting was good, some decent action, but the story was just forced and unengaged. A rewatch of the first Taken would have been more satisfying.
5 I usually watch horror movies but in the middle i want an action movie Once in a while.. So i chose contractor. It wasn't that bad but action was missing... i mean really action.. car chasing, gunshots, bomb explosions.. kind of Liam Nison movies, or Jerald Battler's. Beside 3-4 quick scenes nothing more happened.. it's like watching a horror movie with no blood at all, no death..
And there was something on editing i didn't like.. i am not sure what was.. the scenes comes abruptly, some of them are completely meaningless. I feel it has no good flow.. But it's watchable, the actors were all good and the plot tries to be high topical.
25 March 2022 Fun fact: There are hundreds if not thousands of private, military background, "contractors" facilitating delivery of massive amounts of privately contracted weapons and other material into Poland for the fight against Russian aggression in Ukraine right now.It is always a bad sign when a studio refuses to let professional critics see a film before it is released. (The two "critics reviews" here are the same site from Portugal that just note of trailer dropping and not reviews.)
This film is just awful in every way. It is utterly inaccurate in how SOF works, and even more inaccurate when it comes to contractors. As usual Hollywood says what it wants to say, clearly with no advisors, nor anyone who knows the subject. Anyone saying this film is "Authentic" are obviously deeply ignorant themselves. Is Hollywood saying that many of the people who often protected Hillary, John Kerry or Tony Blinken when they were in conflict zones "mercenaries??" They were very often private contractors contracted by Dept of State. If you've watched Zero Dark Thirty, two of the guys killed (Wise and Parisi) and two of those injured in the Camp Chapman attack were contractors. Wise and Parisi are the ones who objected to the bomber passing though inner security without being searched.My review is spoiler free, but that is an oxymoron in this case because you have seen this film's tire plot 100 times, and if you don't guess exactly where it is going in five minutes, well I would worry.I think we all know by now that Chris Pine is one notch above Shatner in acting chops. So average at best. He is certainly weak as a lead. Ben Foster is a top shelf actor. He really accurately captured the warrior bearing and ethos in prior films, and does well here given how bad the rest of the film is.3/10: skip it.
3 Boring, predictable, insufficient action, all poorly done. There is literally not a single moment in the film that I would single out as interesting, this is an attempt at some kind of drama or I don't know what else it would be.
7 The story was interesting, the hand-to-hand fighting was good, and the action was pretty good :-) Chris Pine played the character intensely, while all the other actors were just secondary.
4 If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free thoughts, please follow my blog to read my full review :)"The Contractor is one more generic action flick with a story borrowed directly from the formulaic Hollywood closet, without any surprises or even high entertainment levels.Chris Pine is the mandatory "famous face" chosen to (try to) elevate a plot seen countless times before, and with Ben Foster's friendly shoulder, they actually manage to carry Tarek Saleh's film for a good chunk of the runtime.However, even with a couple of captivating action sequences and occasional eyebrow-raising moments, this movie can't free itself from the imagination-inhibiting shackles.Inevitably, it will end up falling into the hole of oblivion as soon as the viewers leave the theater."Rating: C-
1 Captain Kirk is run off from a special forces unit for having a bad leg without pension or benefits. This is clearly the sort of World where having a bad leg doesn't disqualify one from active service in a special forces unit. He's then recruited into a top secret private security firm run by Jack Bauer after a 2 minute chat. So a World where one can join a top secret security firm without any security of physical tests. Hmm. Smells a bit fishy. Captain Kirk is then sent without further ado to Berlin to join a team tasked with assassination of a scientist thought to be working on a flu virus. Once again a World where a new hire is immediately sent on the most difficult, sensitive and dangerous mission possible. No try out on a few domestic low grade missions first? Nope, straight in at the deep end. Inevitably the mission goes sideways and Captain Kirk is left to rescue his mate, Ginger Beard by carrying him for miles and then giving him an emergency blood transfusion. Because of course that's something he can totally do because he's Captain Kirk. Ginger Beard immediately stops dying and heads off to Berlin leaving Captain Kirk behind because Kirk's leg is playing up. So he doesn't stay with his mate of many years who just saved his life? Nope, he just buggers off and leaves him in a drainage pipe. Who wrote this garbage? A five year old? Where's the remote. Off!
3 Chris Pine and Ben Foster produced great on screen chemistry in Hell or High Water but what they were handed here in The Contractor was a sophomoric screenplay that is not up to par. Tarik Saleh directed this bad miss like it was his first movie.It's a shame that the Pine and Foster duo starred in this DUD. Sutherland brought nothing to the table - his character was a waste of screentime and he clearly mailed it in....zero effort, zero emotion - just like a robot.
4 The sound is so terrible you either have to crank up the volume to hear what they are saying or use subtitles.The acting is good, but the plot is garbage. The mission goes the way of Seal Team 6 meets Barney Fife.The shootouts in Germany of all places are ridiculous and completely unbelievable. Imagine multiple machine gun wielding military professionals with the high ground shooting at one person 30 yards away with nothing to hide behind, and missing their one-person target even after going through multiple magazine clips (ROFLMAO). It was like a scene from the movie "I'm Gonna Get You Sucka" where the lead Waynans character is running back and forth saying "Their shooting! Their shooting!"This is a stupid movie. Anyone giving this film high ratings are either paid reviewers or hyper-fans of one of the stars in this film.
1 Almost didn't want to finish it, plot is all over the place, let's get randomly hired, accept money kill random people without questions, while others try to kill you randomly, and everyone knows where you are always, but bad guy had no idea he came to US and was at his house to kill him ... MKAAAYYY.
6 Obviously a Jason Bourne copycat, but that doesnt mean it is a terrible movie.The good: I kinda appreciated the slow start, by which I got to know the CHARACTERS. At the start this movie is basically a character drama. But only after 35 minutes or so, the full blown action is unleashed. So give it some time, you'll be rewarded for your patience, OR simply skip the first 35 minutes.The bad: many will get bored by the slowburning start, but give this story some time to start up.More bad: there are some credibility issues with the story. For example they raid a laboratory and within minutes the German police is present with full gear. NOT likely to happen for real. But perhaps I am nitpicking...To conclude, this is NOT as good as any of the Jason Bourne movies, but in lack of any new Jason Bourne movies this will (barely) do,The story: an American soldier, desperate for money and a family to take care of, hesitatingly agrees to work for a shady private contractor company, becoming a hired gun. Soon he finds out he is being set up and the company that hired him is about to kill him. Will he come out alive?
3 Sound track difficult to pick up at times. Unbelievable shootouts in Germany. Pine has a leg injury that makes him immobile one minute and then sprinting like an Olympian the next. Public carpark rooftop confrontation surrounded by overlooking buildings that attracts no attention. Too 'Hollywood' to be enjoyable or feasible.
7 Not bad would have preferred more story and action esp ending
But decent for a nights viewing
But y doThey always have to endings where ur not100% sure of outcome.
5 To start with: I am ex something and I have been working as a contractor myself for the last 18 years. Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, Libya ... been there, worked there, as well for private firms as for NGOs and also some GOs.Now to this film: It's a good flick, yet overly dramatized and in a certain way quite inaccurate. It's a caricatural portrayal - and I didn't expect anything else coming from Hollywood - of the private security and military industry as some "shady, dubious, greedy and highly illegal" entity that collaborates with The Government and does stuff they can't officially do. Yes, stuff like that does unfortunately exist, but this doesn't even scratch the 0,1% mark of all the work internationally and if Mark Zuckerberg's social network would fact-check this it would not even get a "mostly false", but proper "fake news" stamp. You can't depict a complete industry by single incidents.But hey, it's Hollywood, it's what they like to pass as a message, because looking at the direction they have taken over the last twenty years, it has become clear they don't seem to be any more interested in producing entertainment and making profit, but rather to function as political and (pseudo)-moral activists no matter the cost. Hence also the obligatory inclusion of the word "mercenary", because THAT'S what it comes all down to for Hollywood .... and they couldn't be any more wrong than that.Chris Pine does a solid performance and the chemistry with Ben Foster is clearly there. The plot is over simplified by people not familiar with the industry and who must have written their story based on hearsay, NYT articles and a good portion of (bad) imagination. The movie doesn't know exactly what it wants to be: An action flick? Well, not quite, with too much drama and talking. A drama? Well, not quite either, with too much action. So it sits somewhere in between and is neither a pleaser for fans of one or the other. Still, the production value is there, the cast is there ... unfortunately the film isn't quite. It's absolutely fine for a one-time watch, just don't believe every lie they try to sell as The Truth. But coming from a biased director, who had done in the past a biased documentary about Guantanamo Bay called "Gitmo", the result was unsurprising.
5 Great cast, well produced, but not much of a story. It's Ludlam-style script without anything new, and though it was well thought out, it was a perfectly predictable and pretty forgettable movie with a lot of unnecessary scenes that could have been used for something interesting...
10 The Contractor starring Chris Pine is a well-made actioner with an easy-to-follow plot, terrific performances and intense action sequences. It might not be the most original or unique film in terms of plot, but it is an engaging watch with plenty of excitement and intrigue. Chris Pine shines in his performance as the protagonist, while other actors such as Ben Foster, Kiefer Sutherland and Gillian Jacobs are also impressive. The action sequences are quite grounded and realistically done, with several moments bound to catch you off-guard. The background music beautifully gels with the proceedings, and the editing is sharp enough to keep the storytelling focused. While not being totally unpredictable, The Contractor serves you with raw action and tension worthy of your time and money, especially if you like action films. Give it a watch!
6 Neglect this action thriller, that shows how life might turn out if youre an u.s. Ranger, a mercinarie or a military security contractor. Its full of b-wibes and has a plot that jumps like a jack flash and humpty dumpty story of low realism at moments, but as you get into the belly of the beast you cant stop viewing till its over.It has a lot of european film style in it, allthough the propagandic message may feel american.loads of shoot outs and an incredible number of missed shots, but its a film with few waiting moments, a film to consider claims the grumpy old man.
4 With a half decent cast and the production team responsible for some great movies I really was expecting more from this! It's kind of like a budget Jason Bourne! Some of the action sequences feel amateurish, there is no character engagement and overall it feels like a cheap TV movie!
6 Adela (Ana de la Reguera) and Juan (Tenoch Huerta) are a couple crossing the border illegally. The Purge has been reinstated by the new government. Dylan Tucker (Josh Lucas) is hunkering down on his Texas ranch with his family; his sister Harper (Leven Rambin), his pregnant wife Cassidy (Cassidy Freeman), and his father Caleb (Will Patton). Adela and Juan join others in renting sanctuary. They all survive the night but there are those who want to extend the Purge to an everyday reality.This is trying to do more social commentary. I'm fine with that as long as it's done logically which isn't always the case with this franchise. The logic does take some leaps here and there. The biggest leap is the open borders. The first move for Canada and Mexico would be to close the borders. It's not actually necessary. The story could have looped back to the tunnels with the closed border. Then there is the truck. It's not bulletproof people. The movie should stop treating it as such. Finally, I don't like reducing the final battle to those weapons. The lasso is too silly. It's trying to do something that takes away its realism. This movie comes with quite a few issues but then that's this franchise. All of these movies come with issues.
2 Awful stereotypes all round in this terrible umpteenth version of the Purge.Come on people! If you keep going to see these movies, they will only continue to make more.
5 Honestly they have stretch this series to the max now.I had high hopes going into this one but it turned out to be mildly entertaining and nothing more.Nothing original but a bunch of red necks that take mater into there own hands to prolong the purge.
2 Nothing creative just crude excessive stereotyping & clichs on human behavior. Very simplistic political categorizing. (Must be the Trump influence.) Americans are more divisive than ever & the ones with the bigger guns are on the rampage. Predictable who lives, who dies. Humorously, Mexico is now the destination for freedom. The usual cheap artificial looking evenly spaced burning cars/trash along with nicely placed bodies on the streets to denote rampaging killers.
3 Or is it Purge 365 days? They try to take this franchise in a new direction but not all new ventures lead you to the golden path (it becoming a classic)The claustrophobic nature of the Purge is opened up & it loses its tension. The protagonists are ok & the social commentary on racism in USA (especially the increased violence toward Asians during this pandemic, but replaced them with Mexicans and white supremacists) & the link to how media can fuel the extremists to violence.It could have been something half decent but instead ends up being a generic & uninspiring.
2 Extremely predictable with some preachy and crude political message. I never felt nervous when the Mexican woman got trapped because I knew she'd be saved. I didn't feel nervous when she got trapped at the back of the police van with a skinhead nazi because I knew she'd be saved. She got abducted by the racist white guy at the border in the desert and I didn't feel anything at all because guess what? I knew all along that she and her lover would be saved. No tension, no surprise, no killings but just b-action-movie shootings and no payoff; only horrible CGI and ridiculous dialogues. I'm officially done with anything related to Purge.
2 The Forever Purge is the fifth film in the Purge film series. The movie is directed by Everardo Gout, this is only the first movie he has directed and before this he has only directed TV episodes of various TV series.In the film, the US government has restarted the annual Purge program. For example, there is another night in the year when all crimes including murder are allowed. When the Purge night is over, a cult decides to break the rules and go ahead with the Purge. Juan (Tenoch Huerta) must now protect his own family and the family he works for from the criminals who are now breaking all the rules.That this film was made by a novice director and the writer of all Purge films is reflected in the quality of the film. The Purge events seem a bit repetitive and exaggerated and are portrayed in a cheap way. For example, many deaths are filmed off-screen, so that you often do not get to see the end result.By now playing the Purge events in daylight, the film does lose the tension that slasher films have by letting the killer commit his murders in the shadows of the night. This way you can also see the cheapness of the film earlier. Slasher fans may be annoyed by the cheap and unrealistic horror effects. Dolls were used for the dead bodies and the fake blood is thicker and darker than real blood. Furthermore, they only try to create tension with jump scares, but most of them are predictable and don't work like that.Like the other Purge film, the film also has a political message. This time it's a lot about how hard it is for immigrants in a new homeland with a corrupt, racist society.The film cast also consists more of actors who have played more TV roles or only minor movie roles. Most also play characters that aren't really developed in the film, making the viewer quickly forget their names and what they do. When a name is mentioned of a character who has disappeared or has been killed, you often do not know exactly which character it is.
3 I didn't go into this film with high expectations, knowing the other four films to the series aren't the greatest, but The Forever Purge is a fat waste of time! The premise seemed to have promise coming in, but Everardo Gout straight up missed the mark, making the film way too political, rather than having political ties, and an interesting concept. The Forever Purge had cardboard cut outs for characters, cringey acting, a shallow script, with horrendously cheesy action sequences.
1 Out of all the Purge movies, I only liked the second one. And that says more about how awful the others were. The first was just a clich slasher movie, the second was a step in the right direction (a dystopian action thriller) the third was just ok but the absurdities (a girl who can't afford a candy bar can afford golden AK's ?) and the way too biased political overtones ruined it for me. The fourth Purge (aka the first Purge) I couldn't even finish, let alone this one.The movie starts with poor helpless Mexican crossing the US border, it already sets the tone for the rest of the time. Then we have this native American dude preaching all this love and tolerance crap to those 'dumb ignorant white masses' it was painful to watch. The moment I really lost it was when that old farmer (whatever his name was, I don't care) started blabbering about "the rich get richer at the expense of the poor since we stole the land from the Indians blablabla". If you want to preach to your audience at least come up with something more original than this.Even if you look past the political nonsense it's still a half assed movie. I never cared about any of the characters or the story, there is barely anything exciting going on. The story just drags along with some occasional violent scene covered up with some pseudo-political message just to keep going.I'm fine with political/social commentary in (horror) movies, but don't shove this kind of woke junk in my face. I can always watch the Karen movie for that.
3 The Forever Purge had potential to be an interesting addition in the purge universe but unfortunately fell flat with the disappointing plot and predicable jump scares. If this is the first Purge outing for you it won't be such a letdown, maybe wait until its on another platform instead of paying for a cinema ticket.
3 I hate that it's no longer a horror franchise. I am a horror fan. All the politics seemed forced too. I only liked the first two Purge movies. I didn't care to see the rest because I lost interest and I was starting to hate the politics and the acting of the Franchise. Nothing ties this movie together. There no emotion for us to care about the actors. Complete snoozefest. The whole series is about wealth, race and social issues. Movie was too political , was expecting a purge film / thriller. They touched too much on ethnicity etc. This movie was straight up hateful propaganda and people don't even realize it. It was full of the most corny stereotypes possible. It was trash.
1 Lol just when you think they would learn, they don't and create this pile of stool. This movie is awful and preachy. I mean you already knew it would be.
2 I wish I could write a better review, cause I fell asleep midway. Terrible. Even the action is boring. Absolutely no suspense. Didn't care for the western set up either. Oh well. If you're a true Purge fan, you'll know exactly what I'm talking about. Can't beat the first Purge. That's about it. If you need a good nap.. be my guest. Actually, you might like it if you're 12.
6 Directed by Everardo Gout and written by series creator James DeMonaco, this is yet another example of "the last Purge" before they announce another sequel. That said, this series has gone from middling to decent to actual pretty good to middling all over again, so I was happy that this pushes the Purge in a new direction: once the killing starts, it won't stop. Sure, the series has gotten pretty heavy handed, but if the last few years have taught us anything, it's that the Purge is closer than ever before.These films always get laughed at for the way they handle social issues and then they make over $52.8 million worldwide over its $18 million budget.Eight years after Charlene Roan's presidential election -- The Purge: Election Year -- the New Founding Fathers of America have regained control of the U. S. government and have re-instituted the Purge. Racism has gotten out of control and this years Purge seems like it will cause more damage than anyone can imagine.I mean, you can totally see how they tore this from the headlines. That's kind of why I have a soft spot for these movies, which feel like the last gasp of the exploitation movies that we love that would stare a cynical eye on what was really happening and figure out how to make some money off of it.Despite all of the film's main characters surviving the Purge, the next day the killing continues thanks to a faction called the Forever Purgers, who have decided to turn the tables on the rich and show them what it feels like to be undervalued.It's easy to be snide and think these films are a waste of time, but for some reason, I've found something to enjoy in every film after the first one. I'm really looking forward to Frank Grillo's character Leo Barnes coming back in the next film, as his journey between The Purge: Anarchy and The Purge: Election Year made for a great story.
3 Poor writting, mediocre direction and pretty lackluster performances attached to a film thats messages have all the subtly of a sledgehammer to the face make for a very poorly handled mess with more contrivances, coincidences and plotholes than you can count on both your hands. Add on to the fact it takes itself way too seriously. Much of the actiom is shakey cam and cuts away before you see anything too violent. The worst of a dying franchise.
9 Despite controversy I loved The Forever Purge! I'm pretty sure it's the most violent installment, quite disturbing, and I absolutely love the masks/makeup. Josh Lucas did so great, refreshing to see him in a more action based roll most anything else wasn't as much. The Purge movies tend to get a lot of hate and I'd highly recommend this one! I really like the writing and producers as well.
7 I really enjoyed the Purge movies ... some more than others. But it seems they have run their course, right? I'd say a hard yes - still even though I thought the last one (before this one then) would be ... well the last one, they did this one.I don't mind - and even though they dialed the politics back a little bit ... they are still very present here. This time it is about immigration and you won't need long to find out the message of the movie. The movie has some pacing issues and cliches will be up front and center ... still entertaining as much as it can be.
7 I think you know going into a purge film what to expect but this film did it better than I expected it to.There was plenty of the usual action but with plenty twists and turns and a perfect pace.Well worth a watch if this is your sort of thing.
5 All anyone EVER wants to do is kill. No one wants to rob a bank, break into an best buy, NOTHING. And THEN they try convince you that purgers would be able to drive the US MILITARY from it's own base?! ABSOLUTELY not. Bland storyline, decent acting.
1 When I saw the poster on an social app I thought it was a joke... wow milk trash more pls... Jesus hollywood is dead rip.
3 Although i like the first 3 purge films and hated the first purge my expectations were not very high for this one and man the movie was Disappointing....first half was bad the second half was way to predictable like we knew that they will kill the Mexican guy who fell in love with the American guy's sister. Not only that, in climax when they are left with 0 ammunitions they all are hiding behind the bus in an completely open field and still they all were able to escape like watt!!??..Overall the movie had nothing new to offer, won't recommend it.
1 July 2021 This is much better than I expected. It is very intense, and it's also intensely distributing. I find myself very involved with the story and the fate of the characters.
1 IN A NUTSHELL:
Blumhouse Productions presents another sequel to the creepy franchise, this time with a western vibe. The setting and background are certainly timely as it takes a look at the flood of illegal immigrants crossing the U. S. border and the violence that has been prevalent during the pandemic. While the franchise has always felt like pure fiction, this one actually feels more realistic as we realize the unbridled anger and frustration at "the system" could actually look like this in the extreme. That's true horror.This is the fifth and supposed final installment in this uber-violent franchise. In this story, all the rules are broken as a sect of lawless marauders decides that the annual Purge does not stop at daybreak and, instead, should never end. This is Everardo Gout's feature film directorial debut. He also produced the movie along with Michael Bay.THINGS I LIKED:
Some people are saying this installment is the best in the entire franchise, but I actually got bored and annoyed at the same time.Our sweet nun from Nacho Libre, played by the lovely Ana de la Reguera, has two bloodbath movies out this year: ARMY OF THE DEAD and now this movie.The image of bullets as teeth on one of the masks is frightening and cool at the same time. The various masks are very creative and creepy.Fun fact: The actress Cassidy Freeman plays a pregnant woman in the movie. She wore a fake baby bump and often stashed snacks inside it during long hours of filming.The cast also includes Josh Lucas (I've always liked him), Tenoch Huerta, Leven Rambin, Will Patton, and Cassidy Freeman.THINGS I DIDN'T LIKE:
You need to have watched one of the prior movies in the series to understand what The Purge is all about.Many of the scenes occur at night, so the scenes are dark, making it difficult to see what's happening on small streaming devices.Super fake-looking blood and makeup.Most of the CGI looks terrible.Some of the set designs look like they were made by a high school drama club.There are some cringeworthy acting moments and extremely shallow characters.A lot of the action sequences are almost yawn-worthy.I hate the shaky-cam technique.It almost felt like a prequel to Mad Max: Fury Road
Soooo many movie posters. Too many.The dialogue is pretty dumb. For example, one of the characters tells us the names of which firearms are being used whenever he hears them being used.The plot is almost nonexistent with tons of plot holes.I'm getting really tired of woke Hollywood telling me that all white people are evil and terrible and everyone else is morally superior.It's extremely anti-American, a disturbing trend I've been seeing more and more lately. The most dangerous aspect of this movie is knowing that there will be people who watch this film and think it's really cool and that they're justified to use violence to purge America from any of the injustices they see.TIPS FOR PARENTS:
This is NOT appropriate for kids.TONS of violence with gory, brutal deaths
High dead body count
Various kinds of weapons
There's a LOT of Spanish spoken with and without subtitles
Some profanity in English and Spanish, including F-bombsYou can see my full review on my Movie Review Mom YouTube channel!
8 I don't know why people are saying it's crap, it was actually refreshing that the main characters won and didn't die, the native Americans, the Mexicans and the affluent ranchers all came together, stuck together and made it out alive.There wasn't as much violence and I am glad as the previous Purge films were a bit much I think they toned it down due to all the people suffering mentally with Covid. I adore Josh Lucas and the rest of the cast. Give this film a go.
3 "The Forever Purge" would be much better as "The Final Purge". It would make complete sense, considering the completely irrational and senseless government of this terribly dystopian version of America could finally shut down the annual purge after the events of this disastrous film. Alike the previous Purge movies but focusing on a completely different story, this film revolves around the yearly purge. But instead of having the entire movie centred on these violent 12 hours of legal crime, it's set after the event when some mindless fools decide it's not over and never will finish.James DeMonaco actually deserves some credit for this instalment due to the fact that instead of revolving around a group of people getting unwillingly involved in the purge, he attempted to place the spotlight on the aftermath when the criminal activities are illegal. Unfortunately, he and the other directors who execute his ideas make dumb borefests with bloody horror-context action.The final picture, alike the previous films, hires poor actors who deliver unlikeable and uninteresting characters. The violence and death will appeal to fans of this movie collection, but each sequence in The Forever Purge is absolutely weakened by predictable turns, foreseeable jump-scares and devastating plot holes. There's nothing new or clever that the other Purge films didn't achieve and the entire story is instantly forgettable.If you liked this review, check out the full review and other reviews at aussieboyreviews.
9 In 1991, Bret Easton Ellis' controversial novel "American Psycho" took the world by storm - women accused it of being misogynist, sexist filth and others were understandably shaken by its brutal and graphic depictions of unprovoked violence and torture.Set in the 1980s, the book follows the story of a 27-year-old Harvard graduate named Patrick Bateman, who goes on a killing spree and murders "twenty, maybe forty people." It was originally slated for circulation in 1990, but Random House pulled out of distribution, fearing backlash. It was later released as part of a Vintage Series, and quickly sold over 250,000 copies, becoming one of the most popular (and, to some, important) literary works of our time.In the movie, Welsh actor Christian Bale portrays Bateman gleefully tongue-in-cheek, whether it's confessing to manslaughter over the phone ("I just had to kill a lot of people!") or dancing to Huey Lewis and the News' "Fore" album before hitting an associate over the head with an axe.Patrick is a troubled guy. On the surface, he appears to be normal - he's a Wall Street broker with a secretary, an expensive apartment suite, his own limo and a fancy business card. But on the inside, he's a monster - complete with an insatiable blood lust and lack of empathy for fellow human beings. (If he can indeed be classified as one.) As a film and a novel, "American Psycho" is an attack on the absurdities of the '80s yuppie era - sometimes the satire isn't very subtle, in fact it's often made very clear, but I liked it. Because the movie is so eccentric and over-the-top, and Bale is so loony and maniacal, the satire needs to be equally strong - and it is. Whether it's business men drooling over each other's fetishistic business cards or Patrick discussing the nuances of modern pop music before killing more victims, "American Psycho" hits strong and hard - this is a great, overwhelming cinematic and visual experience. It cannot be condemned for being unsubtle - it never was.The performances are wonderful. Bale is superb as Bateman, totally embodying the character. As a man bewildered by his environment, and wanting only desperately to fit in, Bateman listens to Genesis and "Hip to Be Square"; finally we have proof that too much Phil Collins and Huey Lewis will turn you into the next Ed Gein.Perhaps some fans of the novel will dislike Bale's performance (at times, it almost seems comical, such as when he murders his coworker Paul Allen, played by Jared Leto). But I thought it was the perfect mix of introspection, self-hatred, outer-loathing, lust, conformity and schizophrenia. Bale manages to capture all of this perfectly, and by the end of the film, I could not imagine anyone else in the role.Willem Dafoe, Chloe Sevigny and Reese Witherspoon all have co-starring roles, but at the end of the day it is Bale who really drives this film home - he's the reason it's worth seeing, and in part the reason it exceeds beyond the typical restraints of its genre.Since its release, many critics have accused "American Psycho" of being a watered-down version of the book, being both "politically correct" and "lacking satire." However, I don't recall the last time I saw a man beat a dog to death with the heel of his shoe in a mainstream motion picture. Or chase after a prostitute completely naked, wielding a bloodied chainsaw. Or hold a gun to a cat's head and threaten to feed it to an ATM machine.In fact, when "American Psycho" was previewed before the Motion Picture Association of America, they gave it an NC-17 rating - not for its violence, as one might expect, but rather for its threesome scene between Patrick and two prostitutes.Director Mary Harron cut footage from the film and finally managed to achieve an R-rating, but on a new "Uncut Killer Collector's Edition" DVD, you can see the film as it was intended to be seen - and it's a real fine treat. Now excuse me, I have to go return some videotapes.
8 A controversial adaptation of the controversial Brett Easton Ellis novel, this is actually a brilliantly conceived movie that sheds new life on the disturbed world of the serial killer  and as such may be the most innovative "psycho" movie since, well, PSYCHO! Filmly embedded in a hilariously '80s setting, this is both a thriller and a biting satire of the decade, with tons of subtle comedy and lashings of black humour to make the grisly subject matter a lot easier to digest.It's a wonderfully shot movie with plenty of memorable scenes, such as the infamous chainsaw murder, or the bit where Jared Leto gets an axe in the face. The movie works so well thanks to the strong acting which really makes it entertaining. Christian Bale is outstanding, a wonderful and scary and believable performance as a emotionless psychopath who realises that his own murderous inclinations are evil but is unable to do anything about it. His performance never falters for a moment.Similarly, the supporting cast of quirky characters are excellent  Reese Witherspoon's dumb-as-nails bitch; Samantha Mathis's junkie; Willem Dafoe's weirdo detective, plus a vivid array of minor roles. Although the movie is violent and pretty disgusting in places, it remains watchable and entertaining throughout thanks to the quirkily playful script and Bale's engaging performance. Definitely worth a look!
9 The film looks to examine our own distorted points of view or detachments from reality. Like Patrick Bateman, we may be trapped craving the approval of others and denying ourselves the ability to distinguish fantasies from our reality.
People are obsessed with how the others perceive them likewise in American Psycho Bateman achieves no catharsis, he's trapped in his own personal hell because he requires the recognition of the other yuppies to confirm his identity as a murderer. The irony is that Feynman's real crimes may as well be fantasy. The lack of acknowledging his reality drives Bateman further into madness and existential despairIt's about yuppie culture, the melding of identity, and the craving to stand out from a superficial homogenized society. Bateman's interpretation of the world is skewed by his inflated ego and his evident psychosis as well as presumably multiple mental illnesses. Bateman is a killer, but still, he's not the killer he thinks he is, as he goes insane he can't distinguish reality from fantasy. His over the top chainsaw massacre style killings may be an aestheticized elaboration on partial truths, ultimately the film doesn't care. The more significant point of the movies absurdity is that within his society Batemans not the psycho at all he's just one more normal guy amidst a horde of uncaring detached from reality, secretly discontented American psychos. Bateman is surrounded by like-minded superficial people obsessed with all the wrong things like making impossible reservations at Dorsia and the tasteful thickness of their business cards. Within the homogenized upper-class elite identities blur as everyone strives after a generic yet highly specific image of success.Everyone we see in Bateman's company appears to be the same person. It's no wonder that identity is mistaken continuously and swapped throughout the film. The lawyer has mistaken Paul Allen or perhaps Batman has killed the wrong person becomes not only plausible but also an expression of the general confusion resulting from the loss of individual identity.Meanwhile, although Batman tries like the rest to fit in, the emptiness of his lifestyle also fuels a craving to stand out. To escape the conformity that he on some level despises Batman leads a second life as a killer, where he's unfettered from the bounds of society. Although he actually wants to be seen as a murderer as someone different from the rest of society Bateman is denied even the satisfaction by every self-absorbed yuppie he meets. When he's seen stuffing a body into the trunk of a car, the witness is only interested in the bag.This is a great movie. Look for the subtext under the dialogue.
9 One of the weirdest movies I've seen. Saw on video tape when it came out then recently watched it again 18 years later. Forgot how fun it is to watch. The absurdity of Bale's character Patrick Bateman's shallowness and preoccupation with superficial things like how upset he gets over a colleague having a better business card than him makes this movie comedic while he's slicing up victims. Still not sure about whether or not all of the things happening were all in his head. I guess that's up for anyone's interpretation of the story. Very well done and one of Bale's best performances as if he's ever performed badly.
10 Your pretentiousness is over-the-top ridiculous and makes you look like a fool. Yes, your fictional, but I've seen so many of you around walking down the streets of Manhattan on my way to my office. I've even seen you in elevators that we shared, and I have to hide the laughter I'm tempted to burst out with. I may even have exchanged a glance with you in a club and rolled my eyes and turned away. In all seriousness, I've talked to people socially who have Patrick Bateman qualities (or lack of qualities as a better phrase), utilize the most pretentious of body cleaning products, but they are so much better than everybody else simply because of a label on a pair of jeans. Am I surprised that Patrick Bateman turns out to be a psychopath? Absolutely not.The performance of Christian Bale is calculatingly brilliant, and that is due to how wonderfully despicable he is from the start, and it only gets worse. The way he talks is absolutely annoying, and that makes the film hysterical from the start. His facial expressions through the eyes and the way he talks makes me instantly discus him, but there are a lot of fools around in the business world who thinks latching on to a person like that would be an aid to their career. Then there's the women in his life, a fiance (Reese Witherspoon), a mistress (Samantha Mathis), and the secretaries and other assorted acquaintances that he abuses mentally and some physically as the audience gets to see how deranged he really is.Jared Leto and Josh Lucas are among the men in his social circle, through business and personal, and as the murders begin to happen, William Dafoe joins the story as the detective on the case. It all starts when he brutally assaults and murders a homeless man, not just killing him but verbally abusing him in the minutes before he strikes. He thinks he is acting like God and a deliverer, and this scene is very hard to watch even though it is necessary to get the plot moving.I have avoided this film for years, but I did break down and go to see the short-lived Broadway musical a few years ago. Both the original movie and the musical are a slap at the ridiculous pretentiousness of the higher echelon society when it gets to be too much, focusing on pretentious meals at overpriced restaurants, getting laughs through the announcement of the daily specials. This is not going to be for all tastes, but I love how it ridicules personality types like Bateman, probably not all psychopaths, but so hateful in their uppity manner that you can't help but enjoy watching them being taken down a notch or ten.
8 I've been letting my thoughts for this film percolate now for about twenty four hours, so before any more time goes by I'll try to get it all down here. I thought there was something up with the picture when Patrick Bateman (Christian Bale) and his cronies were comparing business cards for the first time. I got the impression that it was all a sham, that none of them were actually Vice Presidents of Pierce and Pierce, and that they were actually role playing the position of executives in anticipation of an eventual promotion. Bateman himself never seemed to do any work, other than having his secretary line up his appointments to meet associates or clients so he could spend additional time not working some more.The bigger tip off that this was possibly all just an imaginary story was the 'Feed me a stray cat' scene. By this time it was pretty well established that Bateman was unhinged, but the question is, to what degree. Did he really engage in those prior killing sprees or did he just imagine it? Or a third possibility, was he envisioning what it would be like to go completely berserk if all bets were off and he could completely get away with it. By the time the story's over, I think you'd have to be open to all these various interpretations, because in the 'real' world, you wouldn't have a realtor showing an apartment where bodies hung in the closet just days before.Going in, I had some trepidation when the DVD opened to a menu screen suggesting a splatter flick, and if I'm not mistaken, an image of a chain saw somewhere along the way. I've seen a couple of slasher/gore films in my time, and though I'm not that squeamish (any more), that kind of stuff does nothing for me. So anticipating a chain saw scene, I could only groan at the impossibility of the physics involved in poor Jean (Chloe Sevigny) taking a direct bull's eye hit like that at the bottom of the staircase. Just one more suggestion that this wasn't really happening.And what of Donald Kimball (Willem Dafoe)? What happened to him? Was this Bateman's guilt becoming manifest, either because of an actual murder or because of his own malicious thoughts? Generally I get really upset about movies like this because they tamper with one's ability to follow a coherent story and come to a reliable conclusion about what happened in it. But then again, it's got the word 'Psycho' in the title, so I guess all bets are off. Personally, twenty five dollars for a couple of drinks at a trendy New York City night club is about as psycho as I'll ever get.
10 The author of the novel and the director of the film both say that it wasn't in his head. All of the yuppies dress the same, act the same, have the same job position (vice president), and have the same haircuts, which is why everyone always confused Patrick with someone else. Additionally, the satire was to show that everyone at the time was extremely narcissistic and superficial. The landlord of the apartment cleaned up all of the bodies and gore that Bateman left behind in order to protect the property value. The point is that Bateman is an actual psychopath who lives in a society that's somehow even more crazy than he is.
10 'American Psycho' is NOT a slasher movie. It is a depiction, a fantasy if you will, of the life of modern man and his place in society.Nothing is enough. Money, sex, social stature, there is always someone else who has more and everyone else expect from you to try harder for even more.This movie is about eliminating competition the easy way. By killing your opponents. By eating your sexual partners. By destroying everyone around you.'American Psycho' retains the balance between this psychotic state, a chilling thriller and a very funny movie.The scenes that show Patrick playing music for his guests are absolutely hilarious, as he comments very seriously on records by artists such as Whitney Houston, Phil Collins and Huey Lewis & the News. The funny thing is that he chooses the most commercial or sold out records of these artists, to explain how much better they are compared to their previous, more artistic work. Another message of the state of the receivers of commercial art.You can analyze 'American Psycho' for hours. It can be perceived both as a deep and a fun movie. Even if you don't like the story, you will love Christian Bale's excellent performance.Enjoy.10/10
8 ... because with "American Psycho", Mary Harron and her screen writing partner have delivered the most faithful adaptation it would be possible to release without getting the film banned or revolting audiences so much that no one comes to see it. It would be IMPOSSIBLE to take some of the most extreme sequences from the book and commit them to film. What the movie instead does is to give us an insight into the stunningly fragile and insecure mind of Patrick Bateman, and to speculate whether his unstable nature would REALLY lead him to perpetrate vile acts, or whether he just fantasises about doing so.I think it matters little in the context of this film whether Bateman's exploits are actually based in reality, because whether they are or they aren't, Bateman is still left in the grip of paranoia, brought on by the shallowness of the society that is around him. Bateman is less of a 'psycho' than a vessel for all the selfish evils of society to corrupt, and a sensible audience is more likely to be left reeling at how he has been turned into a 'robot', than by the discreet amounts of gore that do feature in the movie."American Psycho" is fascinating to watch because Bateman is such a complex character. We feel revulsion at his violent tendencies, amused by his complete superficiality, and pity at his crumbling sanity. In order to evoke such diverse feelings from one performance, we need a superb actor. Bale's performance is right on the money. Never does HIS mask slip as does that of Patrick Bateman. He is completely believable in all his emotions.There is NOTHING in the film that is not true to the book (although there are bits in the book that are not true to the film) Both the reading and watching experiences are valuable and rewarding ones, but what they share with each other is that while they're exploring somebody else's mental state, they are also probing that of their audience. Can we see the funny side in the fact that these murders were committed for very trivial reasons?Can we ridicule someone with the knowledge that he is also a fantastically dangerous person? The film and book are constantly pushing boundaries, and if you don't fight that, but instead surrender to it, they will take you to many interesting places. Don't be afraid to give in to your emotions and laugh when you see something funny, because the movie shows us what emotional repression has done to someone like Patrick.Kudos to Mary Harron for tackling a seriously difficult project and turning it into one of the cleverest movies of recent years. "American Psycho" is anything you want it to be; glossy and superficial, or deep and meaningful. The question is: Do you look at things from the same narrow angle as Patrick Bateman does? If so, then the movie is not for you...
9 Having just finished American Psycho, I came to IMDB to get some clarification on the ending. And it seems I'm not the only one left vaguely adrift by the ambiguous ending.I've browsed some of your comments, not all 400+ to be sure. But some of them. A good sampling I think, and this movie has three distinct cheering sections.Those who consider it a masterpiece, those who consider it unredeemable, boring trash, and by far the largest segment, those who see it as a flawed masterpiece.I fall into the latter category. And no, I did not read the book. But as others have stated any movie that requires you to read the book, to "get" the movie, is ultimately a failure as a movie.So my review is based solely on the merits of the film. And contrary to what some have said, the film does have many merits. I found it brilliantly directed, and a superbly acted examination of excess, and boredom, and evil. An examination, satire, critique of a time, and type of thinking.
Even before seeing the ending, I thought how much bateman lives in people. Found myself thinking, an examination of bateman is an examination of men by the name of Reagan and Bush. How American Psycho is an examination of our times, and our modern theologies.I found the movie as a whole riveting, loved the restraint shown (and disagree with those calling for more gore, I think Mary should be applauded for her deft hand, the scenes have more power for what is not shown), and was captivated by nearly every scene, by scenes others have called boring, but I found profound.Bateman putting on his makeup, or simply trying to get a restaurant, and the near apocalyptic importance, such minutiae makes in the lives of empty men. The right card, or the right cloth, or the right table, or the right watch, how these are the signposts of an empty age and an empty soul, and how these things have more value than your fellow man... or woman.Bateman attains everything the materialistic times tells him he should want, but once he gets it he feels nothing. Emptier than before, less than before. It's only in the extremes of his addictions he begins to feel something, anything. He feeds to fill the emptiness, but the more he feeds the emptier he gets. He eats at his fellowman (woman) but in his bloodlust he eats at himself.He is the American dream, taken to its cannibalistic extremes.And never before has makeup, played such a mesmerizing part in a movie. Bateman's(Chris Bale's) face at times when he is under stress, takes on a plastic look, a glossy, sweaty sheen, and for all the world it looks like he's wearing a mask... and the mask, his mask of sanity, is beginning to run.Simply amazing use of makeup. And incredible performance by the lead actor. I wasn't familiar with him before this, but everyone will be after this.Upon first hearing about this movie, I had no desire to see it. I've grown up since the age of Hills Have Eyes and trash like The Beyond, watching people suffer no longer seems significant. I guess as we get older we ask more of our art than springer, or the WWF, or slasher flicks. We ask of our art to tell us something true. Something of ourselves, and our world.I think American Psycho under the deft hand of Mary Harron becomes more than my prejudices, and exceeds my expectations. Rises at times to dizzying heights not unlike art.Mary's restraint makes this movie. But I fear her restraint nearly sinks it as well. The ending is too ambiguous. Who is Bateman in the end. Is there a Bateman? And what did he do or did not do?In the end,the movie will nag at you. Did he or didn't he? And in the end, now that I write this I'm thinking maybe the answer doesn't really matter, maybe in the end the answer is the same. In the end a sin of thought, or a sin of action, is still a sin. In the end we are left with a man, and a nation... whose mask is slipping.
I think like the first Psycho, time will prove this one.... worthy. I now add Mary Harron to the small selection of modern directors I will tiptoe through broken glass to see. Directors like Dave Fincher(Seven, Fight Club), Carl Franklin(Devil in a Blue Dress), Johnny To(Expect the Unexpected), Ringo Lam(Full Alert, Victim), M. Night Shyamalan(Sixth Sense, Unbreakable), and Peter Weir(Fearless).Recommended.
10 This movie is a masterpiece, and it is so underrated. So many quotable moments, true perfect cult piece. Violence is measured, much milder than in the book, which is improved on. It shows the true side of Wall Street morality, of all the little Eichmanns that lived and still live in Manhattan. Dark comedy genius, with classic shiny ax scene perfectly in tune with "Hip to be Square" music, that Weird Al and Huey Lewis parodied in perfect meta homage. This movie works on so many levels, and although it was hated by the corporate elite and their paid hypocrite critics, time has shown that this movie is going to last. This is Wolf of Wall Street on steroids, wrapped in metaphysical, if murderous, clothing.
10 AMERICAN PSYCHO / (2000) **** (out of four)Patrick Bateman: I think my mask of sanity is about to slip. ---"American Psycho"	The average filmmaker would turn "American Psycho" into an exploitative slasher flick, but Mary Harron and Guinevere Turner have adapted the controversial novel by Bret Easton Ellis into something unique and intriguing, a brilliant, thought-provoking social commentary thriller.Readers criticized the decade old novel because of its graphic violence, but that doesn't cause Turner and Harron to give into the controversial material. I have never read the book, but after watching "American Psycho," I intend to. It's a scathing, rare film that probes our imagination and beliefs while experimenting with true psychological terror. It often makes startling switches between scenes of dark comedy and sequences that portray unsettling, graphic images. Director Mary Harron says in the film's press notes that she wanted all but one of the violent sequences to be disturbing. The amount of blood and violence here is certainly extreme, but considering the nature of the beast, not overly abundant. The film calculates every single act of violence, therefore, the victims are seldom random characters, but people we care about, which is why the scenes are so timely and effective.
The best description of the film's main character, Patrick Bateman (Christian Bale) comes from Christopher Lehmann-Houpt of The New York Times. "Patrick Bateman lives in a morally flat world in which clothes have more value than skin, objects are worth more than bones, and the human soul is something to be sought with knives and hatchets and drills."
Both leading actors in "American Psycho" have previously portrayed Jesus Christ, Willem Dafoe in "The Last Temptation of Christ," and Christian Bale in "Mary, Mother of Jesus." Talk about versatility. It's probably not a coincidence that Christian Bale was the initial actor of preference for Mary Harron. If an actor can display such a fascinating performance as Jesus Christ, he's more than capable of playing a psychotic serial killer because he already knows the other side of the moral spectrum.
Through the strong central character, "American Psycho" suggests several themes about the 1980's, including society's obsession with outer perfection, conformity, the rising threshold of material fetishism, and the strong desire of stimulation by drugs, sex, money, and power. Patrick Bateman isn't given a back story, however, and the movie doesn't offer his personal history. Bateman has no inside emotions. He reacts by inner impulse alone. He seeks gratification through the sex and drugs, but also by engaging in the homicidal behavior.    "You could describe American Psycho' as a film about perfect surfaces and what might be lurking beneath," says Mary Harron. "Inside, Bateman might want it all to stop, but for him it's a compulsion. He's like the serial killer in M, who says: You have a choice, but I can't help what I am.'""American Psycho" initially earned an NC-17 rating, not because of the violence but because of the graphic sexual content. The director's cut is available on videocassette and DVD, which shows the film's three-way sex scene in more disturbing, yet innovative, detail. That's a good thing, if you're not a sensitive viewer, because this film is all about details. The production design, the cinematography, the visual effects, the engaging soundtrack, the quirks each actor masterfully incorporates with their character, and every other aspect of the film is flush in detail.
This is a movie that requires more than one viewing, to experience the surreal visual arena, and to justify what we think actually happened. Perplexingly, the film's conclusion puts the events into question. Did Bateman really kill these people, or did he just really want to? The answers don't come easy, but this is a movie that begs us to look closer
7 In New York, the narcissist investment banker Patrick Bateman (Christian Bale) works in the bank of his fiance's father and usually has dinner with his shallow coworkers at fashionable and expensive restaurants. Bateman worships notorious serial-killers, such as Ed Gein or Ted Bundy, and he is a psychopath. When his co-worker Paul Allen (Jared Leto) shows a business card of better quality than his, Bateman plots to kill him using the name of another colleague. He murders Paul with an ax and tapes a message in his answering machine telling that Paul is travelling to London. Soon the private detective Donald Kimball (Willem Dafoe) investigates Paul's disappearance and interviews Bateman. Then Bateman hires two prostitutes to spend the night with him doing kinky sex and he tortures the women. Bateman tries to kill a homosexual co-worker; murders a model; and tries to kill his own secretary. Who will stop his crime spree?"American Psycho" is an ambiguous, dark and dramatic thriller about a sick yuppie that cannot control his death wish. The viewer never knows whether Patrick Bateman really kills the persons or is delusional with a perverted mind. The black humor and the mystery of the last scenes creates the doubt in the viewer. My vote is seven.Title (Beazil): "Psicopata Americano" ("American Psycho")
9 Patrick Bateman is a heartless man with no concern for those around him. Serial killer... or capitalist? This film explains there might not be much difference and perhaps shows us why serial killers in the 1980s were more celebrated than any time before or since in popular culture.This is not a film for everyone. Some (like myself) will love every little aspect, while others might be turned off my the sex and violence... or just be really confused by the style (the directing is weird, but actually pretty straight-forward once you've read the book). I suppose that is to be expected. Even those looking for a horror film might be let down, as that isn't the real focus here.The cast of this film is amazing. Willem Defoe needs no introduction. Chloe Sevigny (one of my favorites), Jared Leto, Reese Witherspoon (not my favorite but good for her role) and Gwen Turner. Even Samantha Mathis shows up. But, of course, stealing the show is Christian Bale.Bale was the perfect choice to play Bateman and I'm glad director Mary Harron would settle for no one else (turning down Ed Norton, who gets compared to Bale but remains inferior). Bale is able to be any character he wants (comapre this to "Batman Begins", "The Prestige" and especially "The Machinist" and see if there's any of the same characters here). As Bateman, he is perfectly self-absorbed and also maniacally distant. The little dance during the Huey Lewis scene (one I have heard he added himself) remains for me one of the two key scenes (the other involving a chainsaw).Besides the great acting (the real reason to watch this), the music is very noteworthy. The book does a fine job of elaborating on the music of the 1980s, and I think they incorporated that well here (throwing it in to death scenes rather than as solo pieces adds an interesting twist). This film, along with the gentlemen I go to the tavern with, really got me into Huey Lewis and Phil Collins. Which is really wonderful. Not so much on the Robert Palmer or Whitney Houston...I guess I should also compliment them on the tasteful way (read: artistic) the sex and violence was done. Ax wounds, chainsaws and bite marks... threesomes and science-knows-what done with a coat hangar. But the vast majority is shot from such angles that it's almost all left to the imagination: you think you see more than you really do.Clearly, I really want you to see this film. It's possibly Bale's best, or at least the one that pushed him into the spotlight. He steals the show. You won't like it if you don't like horror, but the title is "American Psycho" and the cover has a man with a knife, so you know what you're getting yourself into. Grab some popcorn and a Cherry Coke Zero and kick your feet up. Enjoy!
10 I like the bit where he dropped a chainsaw down the stairs on the woman.
9 While I haven't read the book and it clearly is playing in another era, than it was filmed, this still has quite something to say about our society. While I'm pretty sure this was also in the book, the really weak follow-up to this, showed us that even with a great source material, you don't have a guarantee that the movie will be great. In this case and with Christian Bale on great form (maybe only his part in the Mechanists overshadows this performance to date, end of 2010), with a very quirky and darkly funny script.While everyone is talking about the ending, this is exactly what the filmmaker wanted us to do. And I love it, because it adds another layer/level to the whole movie. Which is just great. And in case you haven't read the book either, this is not for the faint hearted. Be advised that this does deliberately offend and provoke. You may not like what you see. Actually it would be a big surprise if you really liked the characters at all. But that's the point. Which could also work as a downfall for the movie. But it is handled with great care by the director.
8 Due to the recent rise of popularity on the internet of "American Psycho", I decided to finally watch it, and I was pleasantly surprised. I was not expecting such a deep and realistic depiction of our modern society. For sure this movie was ahead of its time, and it took years before getting noticed.First of all I had to approach this film with the right mentality: I needed to go beyond what I was watching on screen and understand the message underneath all this apparent nonsensical and over the top violence. Bateman is the pure representation of a person that, despite being already successful and lucky, wants more. As he says he wants "to fit in" in a world where clearly does not belong. He started to feel envy and hate for colleagues that achieved more than him. This will quickly escalate in a burst of violence that will cause several victims. This is exactly the metaphor of what is happening nowadays with people chasing success, never satisfied by their goals. The killings are just an allegory: more and more people, estraniate themselves from reality, and they become mad, they are not able to separate what is real and concrete, from what is pure delusion. This is exactly what happens to Patrick Bateman, in his attempt to reach perfection. This kind of destructive mentality has so many bad effects on the character, that in the end he becomes crazy and starts to merge reality with ideas in his head. He feels bad about the whole situation, and I think that the detective represents the guilt of feeling this way towards other people.Christian Bale as always delivered an amazing and compelling interpretation. He managed to depict the fall into madness of Bateman. The guy was clearly dedicated to the role and he always has control over the scene. He managed to be creepy and funny at the same time. He gave life to a very interesting character that deserves to be studied deeply. Happy to see Willem Defoe, even if it was just for a few scenes. The cast is composed of good actors such as Matt Ross, Jared Leto and Bill Sage, who had a pretty decent acting career, with a handful of successful movies and TV shows in their curriculum.It is not an easy watch. There are in fact many graphic scenes, nothing too strong in my opinion, but some people may feel uncomfortable. Some dialogues would never happen if this movie was made today. There is misogyny, hate speech towards other people and animal violence. So, approach with discretion. I wish more commercial movies would push boundaries in this way nowadays and be shocking. Using violence in a smart way, and not just for the sake of being gruesome.
9 Patrick Bateman (Christian Bale) is a wealthy, good-looking Wall Street businessman with his own office, a pretty PA (Chlo Sevigny), an attractive fianc (Reese Witherspoon), a desirable Manhattan apartment, and a fine collection of sharp implements and power tools, perfect for hacking up hookers and ridding himself of pesky professional competition.American Psycho, based on the controversial cult novel by Bret Easton Ellis, is a razor-sharp satire of the yuppie lifestyle that will forever be associated with the late '80s, an era when success was often measured by how much money you earned, who you knew, what suit you wore, and which restaurants you could get reservations at.Bale's narcissistic Bateman epitomises the yuppie stereotypeself-obsessed, materialistic, power hungry, and predatory, his life is dedicated to feeling superior to all those around him, no doubt because that, secretly, he knows that he is devoid of genuine worth: his position in the company is shared by several indentikit employees (so alike that there are frequent cases of mistaken identity); his fianc is having an affair (but then so is he); and the only person who truly likes him (apart from himself) is his secretary, who he stupidly deems unworthy of his magnificence. Deep down, he's a very insecure and confused individual.To compensate for his shallow existence, Bateman extends his lack of empathy and ruthlessness much further than most: he not only humiliates and dominates all around him, both at work and at play, but he also kills!Both the book and film have been accused of being overly violent and misogynistic, and it is true that many scenes are extremely disturbing and very gory, with extreme brutality frequently dished out casually by an emotionally disconnected Bateman; but not only is American Psycho a very unsettling affair, it is also a very funny one (particularly for those with an extremely dark sense of humour), with hilarious satirical displays of oneupmanship between the high-rolling yuppies, amusing deadpan critiques of popular music as Bateman casually prepares for more bloody mayhem, and towards the end, several scenes of sheer unbridled lunacy (try keeping a straight face as Bateman attempts to feed a cat to an ATM).In the film's closing chaotic moments, events become very confusing, with a crazed Bateman finally revealing all to his lawyer over the phone; the very next day, however, we learn that the lawyer has not only taken Bateman's confession to be a sick joke, but also seems to believe him to be someone else entirely. At face value, this all seems terribly unlikely, but it does adhere nicely to the reoccurring theme of lack of individuality; it is also a deliberate ploy by director Mary Harron to allow her audience to come to their own conclusions about Bateman's predicament. Is he free to carry on killing or has all that we have witnessed only occurred in Bateman's unhinged mind? Hell, by the closing credits, we aren't even sure if Bateman is actually who he thinks he is.Usually, I don't like ambiguous endings that much, but in such a demented, twisted, schizophrenic movie, it seems like the only satisfactory way to finish.
10 Its interesting that Christian Bale's most critically acclaimed role, in this very movie, is as a cold, psychotic and shallow yuppie. He excels by playing a character who openly admits that his only identifiable emotions are 'greed' and 'disgust'.Firstly, this film should not be misinterpreted as a horror movie. Those who have read the Brett Easton Ellis novel will already be aware of this. It is more a satire, or a harsh and uncompromising commentary on the material excess of Wall Street, or indeed America as a whole (hence the title), during the mid-to-late 80's. It works on both these levels and many more.The film starts as it means to continue. Bale's character, Patrick Bateman, introduces himself, and, as in the novel, goes into absurd detail regarding his washing habits and exercise regimes. For the next hour and a half, the audience is invited into his world. A world in which vanity itself, it seems, is everything. His life is composed almost entirely of expensive meals out with his high-flying friends & disillusioned girlfriend(played adequately by Reese Witherspoon), and various random, sadistic acts of violence and mutilation.Despite all Batemans' wealth, he is emotionally bankrupt. Love and relationships are as disposable as the world he lives in. For the entire film, Bale relishes the role and never lets it slip, talking as if he's in some warped commercial for a shallow and completely hedonistic eighties lifestyle. A lifestyle which leads nowhere. Bateman's character is also loaded with contradictions and hypocrisy. In one of the opening scenes, he wastes no time describing how he believes 'in taking care of himself', but days later will be snorting cocaine in a public toilet. Later, he describes how 'we need to provide food and shelter for the homeless', which is delivered as a speech to seemingly promote Bateman's morality in front of his peers. Shortly afterwards, he stabs a tramp to death in an alleyway. This speech acts as an omen or as a warning to crimes he will commit, or will imagine committing later in the film. His references to women in particular, soon become disturbingly ironic.Authenticity is added to the movie in the form of music and reference to the AIDS epidemic, which was just starting to take hold of the American consciousness. Bateman's highly unstable and vacuous state of mind is relayed through several brilliant quotes and scenes in the movie.One example is the scene in which he examines his colleagues business cards in depth, and becomes so obsessed and frustrated by the minor differences in colour and font that his hand visibly shakes. Upon seeing Paul Allen's card he whispers to himself in genuine horror; 'oh my god...it even has a watermark.' In Bateman's world, this could well be interpreted as the reasoning behind him murdering Allen later in the film.Much of the movie is left open to interpretation by the viewer, and it should definitely be watched several times. Its often hard to draw the line between reality and Bateman's own fantasies. Indeed many, if not all, of his murderous acts, could be simply figments of his own twisted imagination. The character Donald Kimble could indeed be an illusion. He interviews Bateman several times in the movie, at times appearing oblivious to the possibility of Bateman murdering Allen, and then later effectively accusing him of it.What the film really illustrates, much like the book, is a culture and an entire way-of-life, taken too a brutal, disturbed, and even demented extreme. It is a fusion of America's most beautiful dream, and its most hideous, blood-soaked nightmare. Money is no longer a barrier for Bateman. He can have all the women, sex, narcotics, technology and expensive meals he will ever desire. There is nothing left for him or his friends to aspire too. When every line has been crossed on a daily basis, he can only find satisfaction in the most depraved and barbaric of acts, and in the end, even this isn't enough.While the book is considerably more graphic and detailed, I would have to say I prefer the film. All the important and relevant aspects of Bateman's life and psyche are featured and Bale's performance elevates it to true 'cult classic' status. His portrayal of Bateman creates, in my opinion, one of the most vivid, cruel, iconic and unforgettable characters in the history of film.
9 Now it all makes sense. Christian Bale was born to play horror characters. I couldn't understand why I was so , so, afraid of him even in films like "Velvet Goldmine" He is a poster boy for putrid souls in elegant wrapping. In "American Psycho" - a film that deserves much more attention than it's got - he is absolutely terrific. Totally believable. I could sense his delight in playing a monster of this kind. Interestingly enough this manicured monster seems to be asking for sympathy, imagine the nerve! But Christian Bale succeeds in showing us a face we (I) hadn't quite seen before and yet we (I) accept without question. He should have gotten an Oscar nomination but, fortunately, he didn't.
15 December 2002 Without a doubt the most underrated movie of the past decade, "American Psycho" is a piece of American cinema that shouldn't be missed by anyone, regardless if they do not like the violence (which does have its reasons).
Christian Bale gives a flawless performance as the troubled, deep down wannabe Yuppie who has psychotic, violent impulses. This is true acting here, folks. Not phoned in Tom Crooze acting. Some people object to Patrick Bateman narrating the movie [always a weak sign in a movie] and not letting us figure his motives out on our own, but if you watch closely, Bale shows us Bateman's vulnerablity through every minute of every day of his life. The movie is at times hysterical, as his character uses dominant Alpha Monkey behavior around the opposite sex. But again, it's all for good reason.
If not for Bale's performance, see it for the knife twisting satire of the '80's -- from the clothes, to the hairdos, to the music [I'll never be able to hear Phil Collins in the same way again!] The production value is rich in '80's nostalgia from the "Black and White" set designs to the enormous cellphones [how could we forget those?].This is a movie that major studios are too afraid to touch. This is film making. Remember film making? When films took you on a ride in someone's life and you would walk away with a piece of their mind? American Psycho doesn't have any real morals or answers, but it shows the deep psychological insecurities some men suffer everyday. Oh yeah, and it was directed by a woman, so all you feminists shut up!
10 There aren't enough words to describe this masterpiece.11/10
22 October 2001 By the end, I didn't know what to make of it, but now I understand the film much better. This film is must viewing, it brings out the truth about today's world - Nothing but material values matter, we live empty lives, we think empty thoughts, we are empty people, life is boring.Christian Bale is awesome, quality acting! Willem Dafoe was underused, I didn't think the support cast had the same quality material as Bale.The photography is stylish, very 80s gloss!The direction is terrific, wonderful camera work.Overall, see it, it's satire, black comedy, social commentary and more!
14 April 2000 This is a frightening and wildly satiric look into the mentality of the high-flying Reaganomics 1980s as the American Dream turned into the psychotic American Nightmare. The film will probably turn as many people off as are entertained by this weird journey that is a slightly more organized cousin of FEAR & LOATHING IN LAS VEGAS.Christian Bale is amazingly energetic and even sympathetic as the deranged, soul-less creature who values nothing but surface appearances. We are given a hauting roller-coaster ride through a comedy of terrors that is the mind of this being who seems human but isn't quite sure himself. In fact, he doesn't even know who or what he is.Is he insane? Are we? That's the joker in the gamble. That's the riddle of the sphinx that we are left to solve -- if there is a solution.
9 It doesn't matter who you are. The important thing is your business card.
20 June 2014 'The Godfather' is the pinnacle of flawless films! The first time I viewed 'The Godfather' I was in my early teens and it was the most astounding film I had ever seen, and has since then stood as my all-time favourite film. It is due to this that I have been looking forward to writing a review of this unforgettable classic. So let's start from the beginning. The film opens to four words, 'I believe in America', it's crazy to think that this simple line has become a resonant quote solely due to the impact it made on the entrance to the film's "threshold". This is just one of the many renowned quotes that litter the film, and believe me, there are a lot. After the first take we are then absorbed into the life of Vito Corleone, brilliantly portrayed by the Oscar- winning performance of Marlon Brando. Vito is a feared man, he is a criminal, he is a mafioso, but above all he is a respected family man, his three sons are depicted by three excellent actors, James Caan, John Cazale and Al Pacino as well as his adopted child Tom Hagen, played by Robert Duvall. The film follows Vito as he attempts to transfer his crime empire to his reluctant son, Michael. With some of the most graphic and gruesome death scenes to have ever been seen in the 1970's film industry (including a certain horse's head), 'The Godfather' epitomises how violence can be used effectively within a film. The Corleone's are some of the greatest antiheroes to have ever been seen on screen, whilst they are villains, the audience will refuse to accept that fact, Coppola does something simple and audacious, he takes the guilt out of organised crime. A film rife with beautiful cinematography, memorable musical scores and well-paced action and drama. Overall, The Godfather is one of Hollywood's greatest critical and commercial successes that gets everything right; a gangster flick that is overflowing with life, rich with emotion and subtle acting, and further blessed with amazing direction from Francis Ford Coppola. Arguably the most unforgettable masterpiece to have ever been made.
10 It is now past 1 PM and I just finished watching Francis Ford Coppola's "The Godfather". I should probably go to bed. It's late and tomorrow I have to wake up a bit early. But not early enough to postpone writing these lines. Now that I have seen it three times, the opportunity of sharing my thoughts and refreshed insights are too much of a good offer to sit on. So, bear with me.This film works so well because it takes place in an underworld in which we are so embedded that we do not even observe it. Coppola puts us straight in the smack-dab center of what is, admittedly, a society made by criminals for criminals. It is also the reason why it's so welcoming. We are surrounded by its inhabitants--cold-blooded murderers, men who see crime like a 9 to 5 job masquerading as honorable men. And I do mean men. From the outside, we would only witness the horrifying, disturbing manifestations of their well-thought out actions.But it goes even deeper than that. It all revolves around the Corleone family led by Don Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando). He is the most honest of these men, sitting right on the edge. But for people like him, who do not fully embrace this world, it's not easy. He avoids conflict until it is absolutely necessary. He is a man defined by moral principles. There is a scene at the beginning, in which, during his daughter's wedding day, one of his associates, Luca Brasi (Lenny Montana) practices his speech that he is going to give to the Don when he meets him. The scene with these two is funny and almost adorable. I could not help but sympathize both of them only to realize that I am feeling warmth for two mobsters. Not to even mention that Lenny Montana was an actual mob hit-man and that he was actually nervous as he said that line.The more I watched the more I realized just how incredibly complex and ruthless this society is and how it has the power to corrupt anyone to come in contact with it. The best example is Corleone's youngest son, Michael (Al Pacino). He returns home for his sister's wedding as a war hero dressed the part with his long-time girlfriend, Kay Adams (Diane Keaton). At first, he avoids this underworld, but necessity, first-hand exposure and just its sheer devilish appealing nature draws him in. As we get further in the film, the change is shocking and every outsider who ever got close to him is tainted in one way or another. If they survive it, they are drawn in as well as we are as viewers.Inside, Coppola exposes the family to us fully, with a bold personal approach and we witness every discussion, every methodically calculated choice. Crime is done simply because it is the nature of their business, and we are put on a chair alongside them, so we easily relate. For us, they are the good guys, the rival families are the bad guys. This is the greatest feat this film managed to pull off--set apart good guys and bad guys in a world filled with bad guys.This is a film of unmatched subtlety. No other movie sustains itself as good. No other film is done with such precision, attention and completeness. There are many layers which I probably missed and maybe will never notice. But I felt them. What director Francis Ford Coppola and his partner in crime (poor choice of words, sorry) Mario Puzo did is nothing short of a timeless piece of reference cinema whose influence is not based on reinventing the wheel, but rather perfecting it to the absolute maximum.Most masterpieces are remembered for their historical contributions. "Citizen Kane" brought the biggest step-up to the art form, the same things did "Gone With the Wind" or "2001: A Space Odyssey". "The Godfather" is one of the few films that will be remembered simply because they are that good and I cannot possibly imagine a greater achievement.
10 This isn't just a beautifully crafted gangster film. Or an outstanding family portrait, for that matter. An amazing period piece. A character study. A lesson in filmmaking and an inspiration to generations of actors, directors, screenwriters and producers. For me, this is more: this is the definitive film. 10 stars out of 10.Favorite films: IMDb.com/list/mkjOKvqlSBs/Lesser-Known Masterpieces: imdb.com/list/ls070242495/
10 Tell me a movie that is more famous than this. Tell me a movie that has had more parodies spinned off its storyline than this. Tell me one movie that has been as quoted as a much as this. The answer is you can't. No movie has had as much of an impact as The Godfather has had ever since it was released.The acting was simply amazing, what else could you say. What could be more appealing to people(even today) than watching actors like Al Pacino, Marlon Brando, James Caan, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire and Robert Duvall. This is like heaven for someone who is a fan of movies. With this movie Brando was able to bring himself back into the limelight. His performance as the godfather alone is iconic. His character has been recreated so much in films that it has almost if it has not already become a clich. His performance though was not a clich. His performance was subtle and breathtaking. It was so genuine and realistic that it was not just probably but definitely more genuine than Marlon Brando himself. Al Pacino was perfect for this film as well. What a way to start up your career. His character was all about depth and he displayed it perfectly. He was able to display his own inner-battles in his mind as well as the battles he had with his family, friends and enemies. His character was more of a psychological character study than anything else to me. Robert Duvall to me was the glue to the movie. He added a different perspective to everything in just that he was not Italian yet having the respect of the mafia. His character is a man of high authority within the Corleone family who was listened to and insightful;. This was simply perfect giving the film great balance throughout. The rest of the cast was just icing on the cake.The writing was phenomenal and breathtaking. As mentioned before there has been no movie quoted more than this. It is not even the quotes though that makes the writing in here so perfect. It is the symbolism and meaning that went into every scene. There are countless symbols, messages and lines in here that are so memorable yet it is as realistic as a movie could get.The directing by Coppola was perfect as well. Not many movies can be 3 hours and yet maintain a good level of interest from the audience like The Godfather. Coppola deserves credit for this. The symbolism and messages that went into every scene also has to do with the directing not just the writing. The movie is so well edited and strung together that the only word that could come to my mind is perfection.The cinematography and music were perfect. The score of this movie is one of the most memorable ever. If you were to hear it you could identify it right away. The cinematography was what actually really drove this movie. The Godfather seems to have this mystique to it, it gives you the feeling you are watching something truly remarkable.The horse's head, the scene of Brando running with his groceries, the coffee shop scene, "I'll give him an offer he can't refuse" and countless other scenes and quotes from this movie have become a part of our culture. These scenes and lines have been recycled over and over again in comedies, commercials, etc. that it is impossible to avoid the greatness of The Godfather. The Godfather is like a disease once you see it you fall in love with it. I don't know if it is the greatest movie ever but it is definitely the most iconic film ever made.
10 The Godfather is one of the few films in which I personally did not find any significant weakness even after many viewings. From the direction, to the acting, to the storyline, to the score, The Godfather has the word classic written all over, and it really is not much of a surprise that it is now considered by many one of the top five movies of all time. Perhaps when it comes to cinematic techniques The Godfather has not been as revolutionary as Citizen Kane, but its influence on motion pictures is comparable. Rarely a movie has defined or re-defined a genre as much as this one did for "gangster movies", but its influence goes well beyond that.The Godfather's influence has been so big through the years that elements of it can be found in virtually every "organized crime film" nowadays; almost every comedy featuring a gangster in the last few years has spoofed something in The Godfather. The Italian-American old mobster a-la Don Vito Corleone has become one of the most established figures in the public's imagination.But to say that The Godfather is simply "influential" is to diminish its true qualities, and so is to describe it simply as "a movie about gangsters". The Mafia is certainly the main focus the story revolves around (despite the fact that the word is never mentioned), but although the movie never tries to forcedly insert separate subjects it contains an amount of psychological and social subtexts that cannot be overlooked. Considerations on how the social environments changes us, on how moral values appear different from different point of views, on how violence can destroy a human soul, and on how power can corrupt an individual are deeply blended into a story that stays practically always true to complete realism, and the result is a picture of astonishing efficacy and believability.As good as the direction and the story are, it would be unfair not to consider the major role that the actors' performances had in the cinematic triumph that was The Godfather. Praised by many as the best cast to ever appear in an American movie, all the cast in The Godfather succeeds in portraying complex, three-dimensional characters without ever making a slip. The exceptional portrayals of Don Vito and Michael Corleone respectively by Marlon Brando and Al Pacino, the performances by Robert Duvall, James Caan and Diane Keaton as Tom Hagen, Santino Corleone and Kay Adams, the ruthless Virgil Sollozzo played by Al Lettieri -- as well as more than a few other roles -- are all perfect for the movie, and they all succeed in making us believe these are real people, not just actors. We are not watching a central character and a bunch of incomplete figures that revolve around him: although Michael Corleone is the character that gets the most screen time, everybody is the center of this world his own way. The movie makes it possible for the viewers to identify with different characters and to observe how their personality and story fits in, and it does it much more effectively than many bloated multiple-storyline movies that came out in the last few years.The movie opens on the wedding of Don Vito Corleone's daughter, Connie (Talia Shire). Don Corleone is a powerful man, and it was not without the use of violence that he achieved this position during the course of his life. The wedding scene gives a perfect setting of where and how the Don's power extends; from the regular worker in a neighborhood, to the immensely popular singer, to the friends in politics and right to the ruthless killer, Don Corleone has links to people ready to ask him favors and to pay him back. Some are trustworthy, some are not, but thanks to his intelligence and intuit the Don can almost always distinguish the two.However, this is 1946, times are changing, and to many of the younger people working in the crime business, Don Corleone's ideas are becoming obsolete. The Don believes that the new trend in the business, narcotics, is too dangerous and the families dealing with it would eventually end up self-destroying; while his family had deals in alcohol and gambling for a long time, part of the Government and law enforcement was ready to close one eye. Drugs are another thing.To this day, Don Corleone was able to keep things together while maintaining his economic and political power, but things will brutally change when a powerful drug dealer name Sollozzo enters the picture. The refusal of Don Corleone to cooperate with Sollozzo, and a weakness immediately spotted by the latter, will ignite a war that will cost many lives, and that will see Michael Corleone, Vito's younger son and the one who never wanted to take part in the family business, lose his "innocence" and transform into a gangster as ruthless as the people he initially stood up against.I purposely decided not to spoil much about the plot because I believe that the film is perfectly enjoyed without knowing anything in advance, and -- believe it or not -- there are still quite a lot of people who have never seen this movie. There are multiple scenes that manage to create an incredible tension, various twists, and although like any other masterpiece The Godfather can be watched knowing the whole story beforehand and still be a phenomenal experience, I believe it is always a pleasure to see it for the first time and enjoy its multiple climaxes. Besides, to outline such complicated characters and such an emotionally intense story in a short review like this one would be inadmissible.There has been much speculation on how the events in The Godfather novel written by Mario Puzo, the book the film is based on, could be an expos of true facts. Many believe that the character of Johnny Fontane , for instance, was based on Frank Sinatra's real life, and many of the other characters were modeled after real people. I won't go into that: frankly, I have no idea whether these voices are reliable, although the Frank Sinatra reference seems obviously quite believable.The cinematography of The Godfather is dark and tasteful, and colors are used perfectly to give a true feel of the era it is set in. There is a fair amount of violence, though rarely gratuitous.The Godfather certainly doesn't need my recommendation. The film is universally considered one of the best of all time, and the performances by Pacino and Brando alone is the stuff of legends.
10 One of the best films of all time, an absolute masterpiece. The Godfather is arguably the best gangster drama as well as setting the standard for cinema.
10 There is very little that I can add to the reviews on here, that have explained what is so wonderful about The Godfather so well. I have seen many amazing movies, as well as some clunkers, but The Godfather was beyond amazing. There are so many images, details and scenes that I seriously cannot get out of my head since watching it for the first time just nine hours ago. The Godfather is so incredibly well-made and acted that it stands out among the rest of those other amazing films I've seen, so much so I couldn't think of a single flaw, and I am struggling to think of a good enough reason to why I didn't see this film before now.True, The Godfather is a little slow-moving and the plot takes a while to unfold, but neither of these are flaws as such. The slow pacing added to the elegiac quality The Godfather has, and as for the plot what is special about this plot is that it is very unpredictable because you have next to no idea where it is next going to take you. Being 18, I was worried whether I was old enough to appreciate this film or even understand it, but luckily I understood it perfectly, and I can well and truly appreciate it for the masterpiece it is considered to be.The Godfather for one thing looks stunning. I strongly disagree with the previous reviewer who said the cinematography was horrid, for me the cinematography was one of the best assets of the film. In some scenes you have cinematography and lighting that is quite dark and mysterious, and then in scenes such as the wedding it is evergreen, autumnal and very picturesque. It is not just the cinematography that makes The Godfather look stunning, the costumes are beautifully tailored, the houses are gorgeous and majestic to look at and even the cars were immaculate.Then there is the score by Nina Rota. One word, outstanding! I have heard many wonderful scores in my lifetime, but after hearing this score few stick in the memory as much as the score for The Godfather. This score is both beautiful as seen with the main theme, and haunting in the way it sticks in your head after watching the film itself. Other outstanding assets are the masterly direction from Francis Ford Coppola, and the brilliantly written screenplay that is intelligent, thought-provoking and darkly humorous. As for the violence, some of it is shocking and intense especially in the climax which was enough to almost make your heart either beat twice as fast or stop, and I almost covered my eyes when the producer found the horse's head in his bed, but underneath that this family is somewhat loyal and honourable come to think of it.The acting is absolutely fantastic, bringing to life characters that are rich and complex, perhaps unlikeable at first but as you get to know them you warm to them. And I have to say, The Godfather is one of those rarities where no actor gives a weak performance. In particular, Marlon Brando is brilliant as Don Vito, very heavily disguised yet stately. Every word of dialogue, every subtle hand gesture and every facial expression was brilliantly judged. Al Pacino's casting was admittedly risky, but he still did a truly wonderful job carrying the film, while James Caan is dignified and loyal, Diane Keaton beautiful and alluring and Robert Duvall nicely understated.In conclusion, absolutely amazing, and I can see completely why it is considered one of the 10 greatest movies ever made, it is that good. In fact my 15-year old brother loved it so much, he wants to see it again. 10/10, though this film is too good for that rating. Bethany Cox
10 Epic film about a Mafia family called the Corleones. It takes place from the 1940s to 1950s. The family is overseen by Don Corleone (Marlon Brando). His sons help their father...except for his youngest Michael (Al Pacino). He wants no part of the family business...but he might have no choice.A fantastic film. It runs three hours but you're never bored. It's wonderfully directed by Francis Ford Coppola. It also is one of those rare films with a perfect cast--no one is bad! It's also fun to see Pacino, James Caan, Robert Duvall and Diane Keaton so young and full of life. Many of the lines ("I'll make him an offer he can't refuse") have become legendary. Also there is some violence which was considered extreme in 1972 but is pretty tame today. Only a character getting shoot at a toll booth is pretty over the top. My favorite scene has to be at the end when Keaton realizes what she's married into. The look on her face is perfect.This was a HUGE hit at the box office. It was loved by critics and the public alike. It was (rightfully) called the Gone With the Wind of the 1970s. A masterpiece and well worth seeing.
10 This is a masterpiece. A timeless masterpiece. Initially, I didn't like this film all that much - I found it rather over-hyped and boring. This was until the advent of DVD, which gave me the feature I needed for this sort of film: subtitles. Once I switched them on and heard (read) every last word of Brando's ramblings and other characters ramblings, I grew a true appreciation for this epic.To make a true epic, you need all of three following ingredients working in near perfect harmony. For screenwriters who come across this, take the following pointers on board: 1) Contrasting Characters: Good films have some character distinction, but most fall rather flat because the core of each character is the same.Of course, there are exceptions to rule (ie... where you want mono-tonal characters... aka matrix; or where you want outlandish contrasts... aka The Fifth Element), but ultimately, this is what makes films deep, meaningful and grand. Consider the contrasts between the Don's children. Michael is rather cool, rational and collected, whereas Sonny is more hot-headed, spontaneous and simple minded. But simply having these contrasts is not nearly enough. What you really need to do is to develop these characters - place them in situations - and then dwell on how their character impacts on the situation they're put in. The Godfather is a terrific example of how to pull this off. While many try to do this in screenplays, most lose the plot and create character obscurities that stretch credibility.2) Transformation: The central character(s) must undergo a transformation, resulting in them being almost unrecognizable by the end of the film. By putting them into situations, the character's character must not only influence the outcome of the situation; it must also have a lasting impact on the character. Consider Michael at the wedding and compare that to the Michael we see at the end of the film. Again, many films try, but most fail because they come up with unreal (literally, not praisingly) or simply moronic transformations (eg, Wall Street).3) Patience: Men in Black 2 was an astounding film for one simple reason - it was an entire film squashed into about 70 minutes. It was not much longer than an episode of ER or Buffy. I certainly hope the new goal of Hollywood isn't to make films as short as possible.All the great ones spend time - time developing characters, family life, growth, patience with the story telling in general. This is the key (provided that the story isn't mind-numbingly boring). Dances with Wolves, Heat.. and so on are very patient but top-class films. While studios may be lukewarm on the idea of longer films, they are worth it if you have a ripper story to base it on.I feel that this film has not dated all that much and has tremendous re-watch-ability.
10 Up until today, I haven't bothered to review "The Godfather". After all, everyone pretty much knows it's one of the greatest films ever made. It's #2 on IMDb's Top 100. It won the Best Picture Oscar. And, there are nearly 1600 reviews on IMDb. So what's one more review?! Well, after completing 14,000 reviews (because I am nuts), I guess it's time I got around to reviewing a film I should have reviewed a long time ago. So, here goes....the film is perfect and only a dope wouldn't watch it. Unfortunately, IMDb requires me to say more to meet it's 10 line minimum for reviews. So, I'll point out that you do NOT need to like gangster films to enjoy this film. Yes, it's violent and nasty in spots--but it's also brilliantly written and produced from start to finish and deserves the accolades it's received.My advice is that instead of just watching "The Godfather" and "The Godfather: Part II", see the combined version they created for television--with additional scenes that made it a very rich experience.
10 Rather than concentrating on everything that is great about The Godfather, a much easier way for me to judge its quality is on what is bad about it. Almost every film has something that I don't like about it, but I can honestly say that I wouldn't change anything about The Godfather. There is nothing weak about it and nothing that stands out as bad. That's why it gets ten out of ten.This is one of those films that made me wonder why I hadn't seen it earlier. The acting from everyone involved is great, Marlon Brando comes across perfectly as the head of the family, and James Caan and Al Pacino are excellent as his sons. The soundtrack by Nino Rota is also very memorable, bringing back memories of the film every time I hear it. The plot has to be excellent for it to get ten out of ten, and it is, it's far from predictable and the film is the definition of a great epic.The film is pretty shocking in the way every death occurs almost instantaneously, and as it spans ten years so many different things happen and every minute of it is great entertainment. It's a well-made and entertaining film that is only the first part of a trilogy, but it stands on its own as a wonderful film in its own right. If you haven't seen it, what are you waiting for? This was one acclaimed film that didn't disappoint.
10 "The Godfather" simply put, is one of the greatest films of all time. The script is thee best I've ever read. The direction is flawless. The acting may very well have the best ensemble cast in any movie I've ever seen or will ever see. It's also one of the most precise and intricate films I've ever come across as writer, Mario Puzo brings out some of the most hidden and guarded secrets of the underground world ever captured on film. Watching "The Godfather," is like watching cinematic art. Francis Ford Coppola's direction is what brings this film, that's so ambitious and so grand, down to earth with precision direction as he handles each and every scene with such care. The film starts with a black screen and an opening monologue from an undertaker. As the man starts talking about honor, family, respect, and justice we are pulled right in on his luminous eyes as he stands in near darkness. He begs for justice since the American system has failed him. He goes to Don Corleone (Marlon Brando) for justice. Don Vito is the man of power. He's the one who pulls all the strings and watches his puppets dance from behind the stage and out of sight; untouchable, or so we think. Some of the greatest moments in the film- and very intentional to show the distinguishable difference between Michael and Vito- are of Vito crying over his son, Sonny's (James Caan), death. When Michael learns of the news, he has little reaction. Two of the most emotionally powerful scenes in the film are from the cause of a loved one that has died long before he should have, and they come from Brando. As Vito stands over the body of his son he nearly breaks down. There is clash of feelings between the two men that are never conflicting, but compared. The film opens during the wedding of Don Vito' daughter, Connie (Talia Shire), and we see just how strong the bond of family really is. You have the family dancing with each other, drinking, laughing, and sitting next to each other to show how close they are, then we see some of the outsiders such as the Barzini family, and surprisingly Michael (Al Pacino) along with his girlfriend Kay (Diane Keaton) on the outskirts without much interaction. Michael seems almost out of place as if he is the adopted son and Tom Hagen (Robert Duvall) is more apart of the family than he is. His opening words are to Kay, and they include, "That's my family, Kay. That's not me." We get the feeling that Michael's nearly ashamed of the stigma that goes along with his last name: This is what makes Al Pacino' role- significantly- the hardest performance in the entire film to portray. He's the one doing all the heavy lifting as he has to go from outsider and completely against the family's actions and businesses to, by films end, head of the family. Brando has the teary eyed moments that actors live for, but Michael is too cold for that. Never for a second as he gradually comes to power do we think this turn is ridiculous or laughable, and in lesser hands it very easily could have been. The final act of the film is loaded with plot points as decisions are made left and right as the film becomes visually and emotionally captivating. As the film draws to an end, Michael has gained half of the power of the family and makes most of the decisions. He's treated, not with respect, but as an outsider, too high ranking for his experience. The Corleone family is on the brink of disaster and losing everything, yet we never get that feeling. We see the two leader's confidence and we keep our confidence in them, even if the other family members doubt their decisions. Michael goes to Las Vegas and makes Moe Greene an offer he can't refuse. Then he refuses. This is Pacino' shinning moment in the film. There's no screaming or the hoopla that goes along with his name. After he treats Moe Greene like utter garbage, Fredo (John Cazale) get's upset and starts barking at him. Coppola is perfectly on his game here, too, as we watch from Fredo's height, looking down on Michael who sits in a chair as he coldly looks up with his radiating eyes, that have so much going on behind them, and simply says, "Fredo, don't ever take sides with anyone against family again. Ever."That's some serious foreshadowing for the second film, and only after watching the second film can you go back and appreciate what Pacino and Coppola pulled off in this scene; Cazale too. We have no idea how serious Michael is. These are some of the stepping stones that make Michael's change believable. He's not quite his father- Vito has a soft spot for his children (admittedly so)- as he's capable of turning on anyone and using the line, "It's strictly business" when it comes to family issues. Michael's sister, Connie, calls him a "cold hearted bastard" at the end of the film. It's hard to find better superlatives than that, yet we still love him. The interesting thing about Pacino' performance is that he doesn't sugarcoat it. He doesn't try to make the audience love him. He plays the character as the character should be played. That's the sign of great writing; great acting; and great directing since we could have very easily seen someone try to make him likable. This crew just presents the character with all his flaws and let's us decide if we love him or hate him. Its films like "The Godfather," that made me wish I had amnesia, so I could feel the same heart pounding moments over and over again.
10 This movie is strong, good script, great casting, excellent acting, and over the top directing.  It is hard to fine a movie done this well, it is 29 years old and has aged well.  Even if the viewer does not like mafia type of movies, he or she will watch the entire film, the audiences is glued to what will happen next as the film progresses.  Its about, family, loyalty, greed, relationships, and real life.  This is a great mix, and the artistic style make the film memorable.
9 This is by far the best movie ever to give a portrait organized crime, this movie goes deep inside and shows it all inside out..With superb acting by especially Al Pacino as Mike Corleone and Marlon Brando as Don Vito corleone this movie shows how one of the head mafia families in New York works, it gives a detailed picture of how their business runs and what kinda chances they got to take on their business, for example their denial to step inside the narcotic business brings on alot of troubles, but also it shows what kinda sacrifices they make, every day could be their last day..Al Pacino shines above all in this movie, as the smart boy of the family he returns after fighting a war for his country, at that time not involved in the family business, but it doesn't take long before the war breaks lose and he see no other ways than to step in and fight for his family.This is definetely a "must see" masterpiece.
10 You can't really criticize a film like "The Godfather", especially from a younger-type guy like me. Since its release in 1972, "The Godfather" has been highly praised by fans universally. It's extremely hard for a person who has never seen "The Godfather" without having high expectations because millions of people, maybe more have been talking about how wonderful it is. But as a film critic who has seen the movie several times and has read the novel that it was based on by Mario Puzo, this movie really deserves the credibility it gets. It really is that special. The film is a gripping epic that indulges the viewer with plenty of unsuspecting twists and a plot that works in a multitude of dimensions. The mobster's depicted here face many trials and tribulation that involve marriage, favours, family struggles, turncoats, tragic events, violence and rigor mortis.Don Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando) is the head patriarch and kingpin of his esteemed enterprise is acquainted to at his daughter's wedding, which is a special occurrence in Italian tradition (Sicilian in particular) where the father of the bride is to refrain from offering the groom any special favours. His representatives showing their signs of respect towards the Don are featured in the opening scenes are told through their ways of personal address and greeting regimentations. The Don is to be treated with respect and dignity, a man who follows his own frame of mind to what is fair, and will likely deny any means of avenge. As an example, if anyone was to fondle with his daughter in any kind of way grounds for murder. It's not revenge, as long as your daughter's still breathing.There are also numerous facets that indicate how not so respected the Don really is. Vito comes from the old school of Mafia, and can be labeled as a "Moustache" Pete. For one, unlike his adversaries, he refuses to get involved with drugs or smuggling for that matter. It this is much to the chagrin of other rival mob units in the state of New York. The violence is described disturbingly as nothing personal, it's just business. The philosophy behind this organized crime is chilling, but quite convincing. The violence is creepily accepted and sometimes happens all of the sudden. Suddenly, the Corleone enterprise falls on its foundations, and it's up to the next generation to restore the family so it could be ranked as the top of the best mob families.The cast features a myriad of talented performers each playing their respective roles flawlessly. The top stars like Brando as Vito, James Caan as the hot-tempered Sonny, Al Pacino as the likable Michael, John Cazale as middle-sibling Fredo, Robert Duvall as mob attorney Tom Hagen, Richard Castellano as Clemenza, Abe Vigoda as Tessio and Diane Keaton as Kay Adams are what I may have expected what the characters from Puzo's book look like physically. Even the smaller roles deserve special credit. The performances were absolutely amazing. The characters in the film compliment the characters from the novel and it is mainly due to the physical structuring and the carefully planned interpretation.The novel this movie was based on by Mario Puzo deserves praise in itself. Even though this movie was a fictional, there are a lot of authentic features that make every scene and every chapter to be real. I guess people when they think of mob bosses they visualize a supreme Don, sitting in his chair with a long facial expression contemplating with endless level-headedness and leadership. "The Godfather" is a marvel from both the film and the novel and it is hard to determine what medium is the better of the two.If there is one thing that the book is better would be character development. Al Pacino's Michael Corleone is a more prominent character in the novel than in the movie. Michael's transformation in the movie is at times a bit rushed, while in the book it's handled more gradual. The other character Luca Brasi played by Lenny Montana was a more vital character in the novel, which while he was an ally to the Corleone clan, is marked as a threatening adversary with a dark and dreary secret. In the movie comes across as a big oaf, and not as scary. It's also nice that some of the smaller characters from the novel have engaging back stories like Captain McCluskey (Sterling Hayden). But that's good for the novel's sake, while the film would result in overdone detailing.Overall, "The Godfather" is one of the greatest films ever made. Thanks mainly to the crew for creating a well-structured setting that compliments nicely to the characters, the script and most importantly, the direction of Francis Ford Coppola. Hats off to the cinematography from Gordon Willis which is backed nicely by the elegant score from Nino Rota and Carlo Savina. This film truly defines the words "required viewings."
10 A masterclass in film making, is The Godfather a contender for the best film of all time? I'd argue the case that it is, this is the ultimate gangster movie.Before you panic at the thought of a film being almost three hours long, you needn't, you won't even notice the time, it flies by.Production values are incredible, it looks sublime the whole way through, it's so well produced, at roughly fifty years old it puts many new films to shame.Brandon, Pacino and Castellano, just a few of the Incredible performances, I could add a whole lot more.If you're considering buying a hard copy, I would recommend it on blu ray, it is sharper than the dvd, there is a difference.This film has had a huge influence down the years, it is still, and will forever be, one of the greatest, 10/10.
10 THE GODFATHER is quite simply a masterful piece of film-making, an epic in the truest sense of the word and by far the finest gangster film ever shot. Made with finesse, style to spare and a director who elicits pitch-perfect performances from a talented cast, this is movie-making as it should be.Yes, it's a very long film and yes, some sections are quite slow. Nevertheless, none of the film is any less than riveting. The story - of a father/son takeover in one of New York's major Italian Mafia families - is fairly straight forward, and yet Francis Ford Coppola turns it into something else so much more; a meditation on the human condition, perhaps.Certainly this is a film that explores the darker side of humanity. Jealousy, betrayal, anger and revenge are all key themes here, and the film is inevitably punctuated by moments of graphic and shocking violence. And I'm glad Coppola chooses not to shy away from the said violence, which makes it all the more gritty and realistic when it does happen.Marlon Brando takes the showrunner role here, the patriarch who's past his prime, but it's easy to spot the real star of the piece: Al Pacino, who burns up the screen with sheer ferocity. Robert Duvall is easy to miss in a quieter part, but watch out for James Caan whose volatile Sonny is one of the film's most engaging characters. Altogether this is a splendid and unforgettable piece of film-making, which inevitably spawned sequels and a whole gamut of similar gangster fare, but THE GODFATHER towers head and shoulders above them all.
8 Before 'The Godfather' came out in 1972, the gangster genre, chiefly associated with Jimmy Cagney and the film noir style of the forties and fifties, had been in something of a decline. It was, therefore, a brave move for Francis Ford Coppola to attempt a three-hour epic based upon the family life of a Mafia don. The film opens in the immediate post-war period with the wedding of the daughter of Don Vito Corleone. Scenes of the wedding are intercut with scenes showing Don Vito himself in his study, granting favours and dispensing a crude form of justice as though he were an absolute monarch. We soon learn, however, that times are changing, even in the world of organised crime. Don Vito's empire has been based upon gambling, illicit liquor sales and prostitution. Other Mafia families, however, are eager for the profits to be made from drugs, and Corleone receives a proposal from a drug dealer named Sollozzo that the Corleone clan should join him in exploiting the narcotics market. Corleone refuses, ostensibly for business reasons, but it is made clear that his real objections to narcotics derive from his personal code of honour. Sollozzo, offended, orders an attempt to be made on Corleone's life. This fails, but Corleone is left seriously injured.The focus now shifts to the younger generation. Don Vito has three sons, Santino ('Sonny'), Fredo and Michael, and an adopted son, Tom Hagen. These four have contrasting characters. Sonny is hot-headed and impetuous, Fredo weak, Tom cautious and moderate. Michael, the youngest, loves his family, but initially wants to play no part in their criminal enterprises. Recently returned from the war, his ambitions are to qualify as a lawyer and to settle down in a respectable life with his Anglo-Saxon wife-to-be, Kay. The attempt on his father's life, however, persuades Michael that his first loyalty is to the family, and he agrees to be part of a revenge attack on Sollozzo and Captain McCluskey the corrupt policeman who is on his payroll. There follows a brutal cycle of revenge, as each killing is avenged by another murder. The film's emphasis on family ties, honour and vengeance recall the revengers' tragedies of the Shakespearean and Jacobean theatre. Coppola does seem to be aiming for a Shakespearean grandeur. Don Vito, the ageing monarch whose powers slip away is reminiscent of King Lear, Michael, a good man corrupted by power, of Macbeth (a comparison which will become even more apt in the later episodes of the trilogy). There is also something of Hamlet in Michael and Sonny's resolve to avenge their father. Such an ambitious film requires acting of a very high order if it is to seem credible, but Coppola was able to draw upon some of the best performances of the seventies. To my mind, this was Marlon Brando's last great role (I have never cared much for 'Apocalypse Now' and loathed 'Last Tango in Paris'), but it was one that he made the most of. His Don Vito is both terrifying and pitiable, part dictator and part lonely old man. His rasping voice (the result of an earlier bullet wound in the throat) conveys both menace and physical weakness. Don Vito may be a bad man, but he is also in a way a magnificent one, and his passing marks the end of an era. If the film was notable for the last of the great Brando, it also saw the birth of a new star. Except perhaps for 'The Godfather Part II', I have never seen Al Pacino give a better performance than he did here, as he portrayed Michael's passage from a 'civilian' (as his brother calls him) to a warlord, from an innocent young idealist to a ruthless killer. Given the length of time that Pacino is on screen, I am surprised that he was only nominated for Best Supporting Actor rather than Best Actor. It would be interesting to speculate who might have won if he and Brando had been in competition for the award. I am even more surprised that Pacino did not win as Best Supporting Actor; Joel Grey's role in 'Cabaret' (which did win) is more showy and a technical tour de force, but it lacks the emotional depth of Pacino's performance. I also greatly admired James Caan's role as the hot-headed Sonny. This is not a perfect film; it has flaws, both artistic and ethical. Artistically, there are places where it tends to drag, particularly after the killings of Sollozzo and McCluskey, and even more so after the killing of Sonny, although it recovers at the ending, which is a highly effective piece of cinema. Ethically, I felt that the film tended to take the characters' world view too much at face value. Don Vito may be a dictator, but he is in his own eyes a benevolent dictator, a man of honour who lives by his own moral code. As others such as Roger Ebert have pointed out, this is a film which views a closed society from the inside; the only outsider is Kay, and her role is a relatively minor one. As a result, we do not get to see the damage that organised crime does to the fabric of society, and the Mafia's own view of itself is never openly challenged. That is not to say, however, that the film is totally amoral. We do see that an ethos of taking revenge can spiral out of control and lead to unforeseen consequences, to the innocent as well as the guilty. This is particularly true of the scenes where Michael takes refuge in Sicily after killing Sollozzo. The dead man's associates track him down, and a bomb meant for him instead kills his innocent young Italian wife Apollonia. Although there may be no overt condemnation of the moral position of the Mafia, there is implied criticism of its bloodier deeds. All the characters, whatever the crimes of which they may be guilty, are careful to pay lip-service to the Catholic Church and its rituals. Throughout the film (indeed, throughout the trilogy as a whole) the traditional ceremonies of the Church form a backdrop to various criminal activities. ('The Godfather' begins with a wedding and ends with a baptism). It seemed to me that Coppola was using these scenes to make an ironic contrast between the values of organised crime and those of Christianity, especially at the end of the film. Michael, already a 'godfather' in the metaphorical sense of a Mafia boss, becomes one in the literal sense of a baptismal sponsor. Shots of him taking vows on behalf of his godchild to reject the works of the devil are intercut with shots of his enemies being gunned down on his orders.Despite my reservations about this film, and although I personally would not have ranked it as my all-time favourite, there can be no denying that it is a film of great power and a milestone in the history of the cinema. 8/10
10 The acting was simply amazing, what else could you say. What could be more appealing to people(even today) than watching actors like Al Pacino, Marlon Brando, James Caan, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire and Robert Duvall. This is like heaven for someone who is a fan of movies. With this movie Brando was able to bring himself back into the limelight. His performance as the godfather alone is iconic. His character has been recreated so much in films that it has almost if it has not already become a clich. His performance though was not a clich. His performance was subtle and breathtaking. It was so genuine and realistic that it was not just probably but definitely more genuine than Marlon Brando himself. Al Pacino was perfect for this film as well. What a way to start up your career. His character was all about depth and he displayed it perfectly. He was able to display his own inner-battles in his mind as well as the battles he had with his family, friends and enemies. His character was more of a psychological character study than anything else to me. Robert Duvall to me was the glue to the movie. He added a different perspective to everything in just that he was not Italian yet having the respect of the mafia. His character is a man of high authority within the Corleone family who was listened to and insightful;. This was simply perfect giving the film great balance throughout. The rest of the cast was just icing on the cake.The writing was phenomenal and breathtaking. As mentioned before there has been no movie quoted more than this. It is not even the quotes though that makes the writing in here so perfect. It is the symbolism and meaning that went into every scene. There are countless symbols, messages and lines in here that are so memorable yet it is as realistic as a movie could get.
10 This must rank as the best film (along with part 2)of all time.An ensemble performance that has no weak spot.Particularly, John Cazale ( Fredo) and Richard Castellano ( Clemenza) give wonderfully understated performances. You just have to believe that Castellano WAS Clemenza, he brings a real touch to his role.John Cazale brings the troubled Fredo to life, and you can see the weak Fredo desperately trying to live up to the family reputation but knowing that he can never be what his father wants. The story of one man's reluctance to be drawn into the murky family business,and his gradual change through circumstance, paints a vivid picture of this violent period of US history.Do not miss this film!
10 Engrossing motion picture that features some of the finest editing, cinematography and performances ever. There is a wonderful theme of family that runs through this film and its later sequels. No one is truly judged. Love is unconditional. God is the one who truly judges. Easily, the word masterpiece describes this film, but that's been said by so many...Who am I to argue? Masterpiece is right on the money.
10 The Godfather deserves to be called the best movie in history, and from my personal point of view, nothing is wrong with it
10 The godfather trilogy is an exclusive set of movies that will continue to live with humanity, every generation will see them to say, "Oh that was 10 out of 10." If you watch them you will know that the world that lives inside the underworld is same as the one we live in except that people in underworld are so smart, in fact smartness is the only thing that can keep them there. Don Vito Caroleone's early life shown in part-II is very well done to show the Don in making, how a kid who couldn't even tell his name went on becoming a underworld don who keep most senators, judges and lawyers in his pocket. Meeting of don with the so call five families are among most impressive scenes.A saga that goes on for 9 continuous hours takes you around various walks in life of Mike (Don's younger son who become Don later), his school days, love life, personal life, family life, business life, political life and religious life. How all of these different roles Mike plays in his life and how intertwined these are.I enjoyed watching these movies so much, I wish I had seen them much before then I did. Its amazing to see how the Part-III was made 18 years later the part-I was made and everything looks so continuous if watch them together.I need not say much! The Godfather father trilogy been around for a while and everyone knows that they are great set of movies, its just the matter of when you actually get to see them.Watch them! Kudos to Francis Ford Coppola! -Vishy
10 It's basically impossible to watch this movie directed by Francis Ford Coppola, without already knowing some of the major themes, motifs, plot twists, within author Mario Puzo's story; due to how popular the film is. Even, if you haven't saw the movie, you probably heard of it. If you had, saw it. You might agree with me, in scope, that this movie is indeed, one of the greatest films ever made. Based off, Mario Puzo's 1969 novel with the same name, The Godfather tells the story of Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) on his journey, from reluctant family outsider to ruthless Mafia boss, during the criminal drug wars of the 1940/early 1950s. Without spoiling the movie, too much, I found that a lot of critics, overpraise Marlon Brando's work in this, a way too much. Don't get me wrong, Marlon Brando does deserve, a lot of credit for making his character, the patriarch Vito Corleone, so iconic. I just don't believe, that he deserve, the Oscar for Best Actor, that year. In my opinion, Al Pacino should had be nominated & won. After all, Michael is pretty much, the main character, not Vito. Also, Pacino is the one actor that kept the movie, going, with his great range of emotional. Brando show-what disappears, toward the middle of the film. If any, Brando deserve to win, Best Supporting Actor at the Academy Awards, because Brando's acting is secondary to that of Pacino. It's not personality, it's only business. Besides that, the acting throughout the film was well-performed, from all the actors. I just wish, there wasn't much, many characters. It was so hard to keep track of each one. Some actors, worth noting for their performance are James Caan as Michael's hot-headed brother, Sonny Corleone, Robert Duvall as Irish lawyer, Tom Hagen, Diane Keaton as Michael's girlfriend, Kay Adams & last, John Cazale as Michael's weaker brother, Fredo Corleone. As much, as I despise, certain gangster films. There was something, likable with these characters. Yes, they do, horrible stuff, but you can't help, feeling bad for them. Indeed, keep your friends close, your enemies closer. Not only was the film had gifted actors, but it was very well-shot. I love, how the film used doors, as a way to symbolize, the different between family life, and 'the family life'. A great example of this, was the last few minutes of the film in which Kay finds out, the truth nature about Michael. It's a crucial theme of the film. The five families are essentially living the American dream with specific ideals that America at the time greatly treasured. One could easily see this as a deconstruction or even an attack on the idea of the American Dream. So it was no surprise that the families met inside a Federal Reserve Bank. Talk about smart! I also like, how the movie has this stark bleak look to it. All the colors in the film, looks so muted, as if to say, this gangster film was indeed shot in early 1940s, technicolor. I like how, clever, the filmmaker was, when using bright colors. Most of the only bright color, used in the film, was orange. It was used as mostly an item, like a fruit symbol. It representing sin, and greed. It's as if it was the forbidden fruit, in the bible. It was also, used as a sexual way to show impending judgment. Everybody that got near it, end up, dying in the film. While, the movie has tons of other symbolism. It's also shroud in darkness and mystery. The movie even has a few film noir inspire scenes, where shadow, become a big factor to show, how shady, the underworld, can be. Vito's daughter's wedding scene shows the best of this. The movie has a lot of violence as well. Scenes like the real horse severed head were pretty gruesome. Still, compare to modern day, gangster movies, the sex, drugs and violence is pretty tame. For the most part, the movie kept to a somewhat classy mode with its subject matter. I do like the editing. The whole baptize sequence was amazing to watch. The pacing for the film is a mixed bag for me. There were some parts of the film that I kinda found boring or out of place, such as the Sicily, Las Vegas & Hollywood scenes. It felt like, I was watching two different films, due to how unfamiliar, each of those scenes, were, when comparing to the New York settling. I just glad, they were very short. The film also drops a lot of the novel's subplots, such as Sonny's mistress, having a large vagina, and having to get surgery on it. Another thing worth cutting is a lot of Johnny Fontane (Al Martino) and Lucy Mancini (Jeannie Linero) scenes. In the novel they both get big story lines nearly the equal of the main storyline with Michael. I'm glad, they cut it out, because it was too jarring. Though one major one, they cut out in this film: Don Vito's youth and rise to power came back, as part of the sequel, 1974's the Godfather: Part II. Happy, that they found, a way to add that, back in. Leave the Fontane BS. Take the cannoli, instead. The film score by Nino Rota was great. You really think of the word 'mafia' when you hear that tune. While, the film doesn't deliberately speak that word, it did expose, what was then, a mostly hidden underworld of Mafia organizations. Overall: While, some big time criminals and even some stars, like Frank Sinatra were against it, and boycott the film, but they couldn't stop the movie, from being made. The Godfather continues to influence producers of films, television shows, and video games more than 40 years after its release. It's a classic.
10 My nephew who is all of 17 told me in no uncertain terms that movie making with him starts with The Godfather. He doesn't believe anything made before it is of any great merit. For him The Godfather is like The Birth of a Nation. All three of The Godfather films can bear viewing over and over again. Mario Puzo created such compelling characters and Francis Ford Coppola brought them to life so vividly that you just get sucked in permanently. Like that other mammoth novel about a period, Gone With the Wind, Mario Puzo was like Margaret Mitchell in that there was no way he could top himself after the book was published.Anyone steeped in organized crime history will know a lot about who is being alluded to in all of the Godfather films. Case in point, Alex Rocco who plays the minor character of Moe Green who takes it upon himself to slap Fredo Corleone around. He's also got a cash flow problem at the casino he's running. One would have to have been living on another planet to not know he was referring to Bugsy Siegal.The Godfather story begins at the end of World War II where Marlon Brando rules the roost as Vito Corleone head of one of the large crime families. Two sons, James Caan (Sonny) and John Cazale (Fredo) are in the business and the third Al Pacino (Michael) has just come back from the war a decorated hero. The occasion is the gathering of the clan and friends for daughter Talia Shire (Connie) to Gianni Rizzi (Carlo Russo). All the characters are marvelously introduced and the plot situations laid out beautifully.Marlon Brando who apparently decided that what George C. Scott did was so good in refusing the Oscar for Patton decided to do him one better and send up a bogus Indian princess to tell why. Despite that bit of cheek Brando certainly deserved an Oscar for his performance. Don Vito is compelling as criminal and family man. Brando might have been lucky though in that Al Pacino who really is the main character in all three Godfather films was nominated in the Supporting Actor category.In fact Pacino was nominated with James Caan and Robert Duvall who plays Tom Heggen the family lawyer/consigliere and Brando's adopted son. That three way tie guaranteed the Oscar for Joel Grey in Cabaret with Eddie Albert being nominated for The Heartbreak Kid as the fifth. They're all great, but Pacino should have been in The Best Actor category.Singer Al Martino plays Johnny Fontaine who if you didn't know that this was Frank Sinatra again you'd have to have been living on another planet. In fact the identification is made complete by the fact that Martino sings I Have But One Heart at the Corleone wedding which was an early Sinatra hit. Sinatra was not happy with The Godfather and broke off relations with Martino and with Richard Conte who plays Don Barzini one of the other Mafia Dons. Part of the underside of the Sinatra legend is worked into the plot as well.The images and dialog of The Godfather have entered into our popular culture. The horse's head in John Marley's bed, the cryptic gangster dialog of speaking of an "offer he can't refuse", or "Lucabrazzi sleeps with the fishes" is all stuff we remember forever after seeing the film.The key scene I think in The Godfather is between the retired Brando and Pacino who has taken over the crime family. Brando isn't happy about the road he took for success, but it's what was available to him. He hoped that Pacino could have stayed out of the family business and had a clean life. It wasn't to be, but maybe the next generation. I think it's beautifully played.In fact it's all beautifully played.
6 There is a better film here but some unnecessary side plots - oh well, that romantic thing took the focus so many times - are really distracting.Some very good moments, great acting, very tense on its third act, but the first was confusing and full of exposition. Good enough but I was expecting better.
6 Operation Mincemeat is a film with very few bells and whistles.It has an interesting story to tell, and it tells it well enough, however unnecessary romantic subplots make the whole thing 20 minutes too long.I think the pacing is a little off as they place the focus too much on the establishment of the plan and not enough on how it pans out.The performances are all fine. Nothing overly flashy. There is a good feel to the film, capturing the period well.Overall a perfectly decent film, worth watching to learn about a remarkable and crucial military operation, but there's nothing particularly remarkable about the filmmaking.
4 I was so looking forward to this for the 2 years since i saw them starting filming in 2020 around WhitehallHuge chunks of this film were completely boring and totally unnecessary and these were the stultifying love relationships that took over the plot and in some ways took precedence over the whole point of the film.Ben Mackintires original book was miles away from this effort which - despite the cast - was as boring as hell and could have easily been the thrilling film it should have been leaving out 75% of the personal stories of the characters.The film focussed on the wrong things.What a shame.
4 "The Man Who Never Was" is a brilliantly crafted British wartime drama that told a true story,although that film introduced an unnecessary subplot about a German spy,it was still a great example of classic British film making. Why anyone decided to remake it is baffling,the new version contains many subplots that in real life did not happen and the fact the the subject matter is over 70 years old then why wait so long to remake it and why deviate from the source material ?.....I suppose we should be thankful that the Americans did not do the remake,it would have ended up with THEM single handedly winning the war.
6 I saw the original shortly after its release. Despite the fictional subplot about an Irish spy it is a far better film.Up to the moment that Martin is put in the sea the film is reasonably paced and interesting.. However after that a silly romantic subplot brings the film to almost a standstill. The last 20minutes could have been reduced to 5.It is difficult to understand why the film was remade,and why so many fictional elements were introduced.
8 It's surprisingly light-hearted at times despite the subject matter, which can be a bit too much but Operation Mincemeat is still a great WW2 drama that's witty, fun and suitably suspenseful with a fascinating fact based story to explore.Colin Firth gives a great lead performance in a role that plays squarely to his strengths and is supported by Matthew Macfadyen who is successfully able to go toe to toe with Firth in the more dramatic moments. Kelly Macdonald and Penelope Wilton are also great, bringing genuine heart and warmth to the proceedings.John Madden's direction is excellent, establishing an engaging pace early on and maintaining it throughout helped by some effective cross cutting. The music by Thomas Newman is really good, tense, energetic and triumphant.
9 Truly excellent, the story of how deception played such a key part in the Allies victory. Uniformly terrific performances and a great plot, demonstrating the "Wilderness of mirrors" of intelligence work, you can never really be sure of what is real and what is not and have to continually balance one risk against another. The ruthlessness of when the corpse's sister shows up and you have to put your nobler feelings aside because what you're doing is so much more important than her grief at her brother's death, that if you don't carry on there will be thousands of more grieving siblings to mourn for. The heart-stopping scene where the German agent confronts the heroine and you have to consider whether or not to continue, not knowing if there really is an anti-Hitler faction in German intelligence or whether this is all a bluff to make her spill her guts (the fact that he leaves her alive suggests the former). The nagging fear of Communist infiltration which turn out to be 100% true with Philby, Burgess and co. The references to the true inspiration for the plot, ex-British Intelligence chief Basil Thomson (one of the prime architects of the IRA's defeat) and his story "The Milner's Hat'. In truth the only reason I don't give it 10 out of 10 is that it somewhat exaggerates the impact of the scheme, had it not worked casualties in Sicily would have been far greater but it certainly wouldn't have affected the course of the war and there was no chance of a German invasion of Britain by 1943. But all told a classic spy story that I would recommend to anyone.
6 A likeable film however I can't help but feel for the potential that it missed out on. The actors fulfilled their roles and we were able to get to know the characters.The film often digressed from the main theme and and focused on far less relevant sub plots. Contrasting this some more interesting scenes felt to be cut short.The film is overall above par, however I feel this could have been so much more.
9 Operation MincemeatWatched this at the Cineworld Unlimited screening and it was a big surprise. We have now had, quite unbelievably, three brilliant British movies in a row, Duke, Phantom of the Open and now this.Basically the movie showed us a secret spy type mission in WW2 that attempted to dupe the Nazis into believing a military lie and make a strategic mistake. The movie moved with ease from comedy to tragedy and back again with some very serious issues explored with a extraordinarily light touch.The screenplay was simply incredible with great narrative drive and believable characters.I shouldn't say it but it was refreshing that Churchill was portrayed as a corpulent caucasian and we didn't spend 20 minutes trying to guess who this was meant to be, clearly the woke diversity police weren't allowed to racially rinse or gender wash anyone in this movie. It was therefore all surprisingly realistic.The direction was masterful and breathed in all the right places, the actors shone throughout, it was totally an ensemble piece. For a long movie it flew by, I was gripped, even though in reality it was all a very dry subject.I'm giving this a 9 outta 10 for great entertainment, it wasn't perfect by all means and the romantic elements were all a bit stilted but I'm just being picky!
5 So, I finally got around to seeing this film after it's release & coming from someone who isn't a big War Film Fan, I found this film to be decent.The film sees Allies in 1943 launching an all-out assault on Fortress Europe code named Operation Mincemeat. But they face an impossible challenge - to protect a massive invasion force from entrenched German firepower and avert a potential massacre.I found the film to be watchable. It's not amazing or action packed, but it is a drama more focused on the planning & execution of the Operation & not a film focused on the actual Second World War itself. While wordy & talky, you roughly begin to understand what they're doing in the film & what is what, though at times it can get a bit confusing & muddled.The runtime is overly long at 2 hours & the pacing is all over the place in areas with parts slowing down & speeding up. The characters were good & distinguishable & the film isn't too badly made.Overall, it's not a bad film. It's watchable.5/10.
6 The production team clearly had an one too many during the making of this. Why anyone would add fiction to spoil a fascinating historical tale is beyond me.Lets recap -- the Brits decieved Hitler through brilliant trickery into diverting his troops, thereby losing ground to the allies, and ultimately losing the war. If this was pure fiction it would be unbelievable or better told with Marvel characters or Tarantino. However, it wasnt fiction!! So why litter the core story with contrived subplots? The relationship between Montague an Jean was nonsense. Unrealistic. Irrelevant. Was it perhaps because someone promised Colin it was a love story to get him involved? Add to this, whilst the script and dialogue was largely good, at times it was awful. These were brainfreeze moments. Casting and performances were generally good, especially Matthew M and Penelope Wilton.I did enjoy the movie but mainly because of the sheer fascination with the story, rather than the execution of this version of the story.
7 ... for this type of film; but unfortunately Operation Mincemeat failed to deliver in a similar way.Interesting story but as others have said far too much attention to the romantic subplot/ simmering jealousy, which at one point looked likely to derail everything.So in conclusion, a subpar effort.
7 Stiff upper lips, quiet heroism, and so on... Yes, all there.And the emphasis on the small back room boffins was appropriate. But there was no sense of real desperation - maybe you have had to have been a european film maker who experienced occupation for that.And why the childish insertion of a love story to ginger up the plot? Delete that and you would have had a tighter, more compelling one. If looking for emotion or pathos or the pity of war, which perhaps the love story was groping towards, surely the life and death of the man whose body became the man who never was might have provided that hook, if explored a little more thoroughly?There were flashes of wit - using Ian Fleming to frame his own plot was clever and Johnny Flynn's unerring ear did the voiceover well. The cast was full of excellent actors all of whom could deliver those lines and torpid plot points in their sleep.Is this the best that the British film industry can do? And why is the British film industry still fighting WW2? Can't we face up to the battles of the present and the yet to come?
7 It was enjoyable enough but I really wanted to enjoy this more than I did.It seemed to unnecessarily labour several male characters fancying Kelly Macdonald's character. All the time taken up on this tiresome sub-plot would have been better spent on some of the main story. Also, a triple-agent character giving a hand job to someone just seemed unlikely and out of place.One of several nods to James Bond was an unfeasibly high-powered buzzsaw watch as a throwaway gag (because of Ian Fleming being a character) was corny and distracting.I somehow expected it would be more engaging, gritty and revealing than the 1956 film, but it seemed pretty typical and formulaic like many modern British WWII themed films with foiled wartime romances crow-barred in.There are some great actors in the film but some of them seem to be overused in other similar roles the same era. It even seemed a little like a mini "Death of Stalin" reunion for Jason Isaacs and Simon Russell Beale.Perhaps I'm being too unkind to the film, but I was looking forward to it and fell a little short of expectations.
8 A film packed with British talent,not the Big publicity blurb the yanks would have done. Script and acting at its best.the cinematography first Class.it shows that some of the war then and now was fought in the shadows.
7 I was really looking forward to this film because it's based on the book of the same name by Ben Macintyre, which was brilliant.It starts off very strong, setting the scene, as in wartime Britain and at what point of the war it is, and highlighting the importance of the mission that the main characters will do.Unfortunately as other reviewers have said the main plot of the movie is not the focus at times and instead it focuses on, frankly, irritating sub-plots. The strength of the film is the intelligence work that the characters do and that should have been the focus.The acting was great. I particularly liked, Jason Isaacs as John Godfrey a naval commander and Simon Russel Beale as Winston Churchill.Overall, worth watching, especially if you normally like World War Two dramas or spy stories, but potentially could have been better I think.
9 Not your average war film, but a story brilliantly told.The film from end to finish was fantastic and told the story of operation mincemeat very well.
3 Having watched all the other mincemeat films, but yet also having an appreciation for historical accuracy, it's still hard to give this film a great review. Whether it was the overly familiar attitudes from secretaries, or the poor way the blackout was portrayed, with many lights outside buildings shown as being on - this would not have been the case. There were other inconsistencies too numerous to mention, but a basic one which struck me was the way 2 of the cast returned a salute, despite not wearing hats - this would not have happened, but instead they would have come to attention for the duration of the salute offered.The overdevelopment of the romantic subplot was, I thought, highly likely to not have been historically true, and, although Montagu's wife did indeed think he may have been having an affair, this part of the film detracted hugely from the main tale. It was as if the someone couldn't be bothered with including a really good visual description of mission and instead decided to involve a romantic element to take up the time. This in itself made the film a massive disappointment.The camera work was great, but somehow the whole thing lacked a feeling of warmth, it was as if the set was just filmed and that was it. The way the film appeared on screen was cold, thin and lacked the rich lustre that so often adds so much to historical films.The 1956 film based on Ewen Montagu's book of the same title: "The Man Who Never Was", is, I feel, far superior to this film even though it may not be quite so historically accurate, and is a great watch for anyone who has an interest in seeing a far, far better film about this subject.The 2010 BBC documentary, hosted and narrated by Ben Macintyre who wrote a book on the subject is likewise excellent. Sadly, this latest film falls a bit short despite being overall more historically accurate in the big details, whilst really falling down in regards of various minutiae - so much so that I'll have to watch the film a second time in the future and physically list all the minute factual discrepancies that made me groan with disappointment.One could put them down to 'goofs', but there were so many they really need to be all grouped together and called laziness or inaccuracy or perhaps laziness and inaccuracy in the interests of trying to make a more watchable film. Sadly this didn't work.
7 A bit of a strange one. I liked it. I enjoyed it. But yet I found it a little slow. The acting was good and kept me entertained - and yet - I could have hoped for a bit more 'drama'. Nonetheless a good film even more intriguing because it was based on a true story.
4 The real life story is interesting and if it was told as a 60 minute episode of a WW2 documentary series I would be engaged. However, as a 2 hour movie this is a complete failure. Those 2 hours felt like 4 and I couldn't wait for it to wrap up. The main problem of this film is its boring cast of characters and their extremely dull sub-plots. Not for a moment did I care about what happens to any of them. There are some moments that can be considered somewhat exciting. When they happen You think that the film will start to get better but no, it quickly goes back to being mundane and uninspired.What also contributes to its complete drabness is the monotonous and sleep inducing way in which the movie is shot. Seriously, there is nothing to be applauded here. The only reasons for my "high" rating are learning about this operation and that the movie is somewhat competent and that the cast do their best with what they were given. I'm sure there are videos or articles on the internet which You can find that explain the operation if anyone's interested but don't watch Operation Mincemeat unless You feel like having a nap in the cinema.
6 A true war time spy thriller that tells its story with very little flair. It picks up in the second half as the plot(s) begin to unravel, but the heavy focus on the love story wasn't that interesting. There are some good moments and the acting is solid throughout, but it could have done with more tension, humour or drama.
7 Having read the book I was worried that the film may be over dramatic or try to rewrite history but they did it proud. It is believable and not overly dramatic.There is a great list of characters and the whole plot is explained well. It is a a little known key story in the course of the war that deserves to be told.A fine British film that is well worth a watch.
10 Although ive not seen the Film yet i did notice a mistake in the trailer,the Red Wax Seal is showing a Queens Crown & not a Kings Crown. Only a small mistake i know,but one that of easily been prevented.
7 Recently I have watched the tv version of the Ipcress File.I doubted the point of making the Ipcress File series but it was good and was not just a remake and likewise this is not exactly a remake of The man who never was,a film from 1956.I give no plot spoilers but I assume people know this is a world war 2 story.This film is well acted and it looks great.I didn't spot any obvious historical errors.But as much as I enjoyed the film I say it could have been better.I say it could have been better because the script was flawed but it is still worth watching.
7 I saw the original film version of this story 'The man who never was' some years ago on TV and it is a fascinating yet gruesome story.This version, whilst updating the legend and correcting some of the things the 1956 film may have got wrong (such as the fictional IRA sympathizer who checked out the deception) is still not quite the complete picture. The cast do their jobs and the acting is solid but the lack of cinematic scope still makes it feel like it comes up a bit short. Maybe I was unfavorably comparing it to the excellent 'The Imitation Game' from a few years back which tells the story of the race to decrypt the secret Nazi Enigma codes, a film that was also hampered by a lack of visual action but had a much sharper script than we have here.Don't get me wrong, the real Operation Mincemeat was an amazing feat of bluff and the effort put into it by those concerned is truly commendable. But somehow I get the feeling this would probably have worked better as a mini series as it has the feel of one.This is not to say this is not a worthwhile film and is well worth a watch. It's just that I felt they fell slightly short of correcting the inaccuracies of Ronald Neame's 1956 version (which I recommend). All I feel they've done is replace one slightly inaccurate version with another version that is inaccurate in a different ways, and added an unnecessary romantic subplot. Perhaps the facts themselves alone are too dry to use as the only basis for the script but it just feels a little forced.I guess I probably expected a little too much from this film. The 1956 version of events is an entertaining film in its own right and also has some good performances but was hampered in its facts by the fact that many of the facts were still top secret at the time so it had to speculate (and fairly accurately as it turns out). This 2021 version doesn't have that excuse, but it still deviates for cinematic reasons. It is definitely worth watching both films though.On the whole I think this is a good film but it lacks pace and tension in parts and sometimes gets bogged down in places with unnecessary character exposition. Having said that I'm still glad I saw it.
8 Rating: 8.6Not as good as Infinity war pacing-wise, but is a satisfying ending to the saga. High production quality, and a great soundtrack like its predecessor. The final fight did feel a little clich (two armies brainlessly charging at each other for a typical smackdown). Not much to write about, it made every marvel movie before it worth the ticket.
9 A nice conclusion to the saga, it'll give you nerd chills
7 But its a pretty good film. A bit of a mess in some parts, lacking the cohesive and effortless feel infinity war somehow managed to accomplish. Some silly plot holes and characters that could've been cut (Ahem, captain marvel and thanos). The use of Captain marvel in this film was just ridiculous. Shes there at the start, bails for some reason? And then pops up at the end to serve no purpose but deux ex machina a space ship...The past thanos part wasn't necessary when you think about it, they could've done this film without a real 'villain' And it would've worked and been a original take on a super hero film without using the same formula we have seen in 10+ super hero films already. The entire final battle felt like a rehashed messy battle, with a bunch more characters against thanos - basically mixing the space battle from infinity war; iron man, spider man etc and the final battle of infinity war with captain america, thor etc.. mashing those two into one within this new film. The scenes of trying to pull the gauntlet off his hand.. it all felt like a rehash.To me the best part of the film was the first act and half of the second, when everyone is lost and trying to figure out how to continue on. really interesting themes that followed the pay off from infinity wars ending. And then the time heist part. Tho the heist part should've been much more stretched out. With only small parts of thanos within that, and not having him be the big bad again. But just a side character that gets in the way a little bit.And the setting up for 'new avengers' to replace the beloved actors and characters we have come to associate with these films.. they do not get me at all excited for the next phase in marvel films. Falcon, Valkyrie, blackpanther, cap marvel? I just dont care about them at all. And their actors lack any charisma or depth.To me this feels like a closing of marvel films that I'll really enjoy for my pop corn fix. I've given infinity war a 10/10 and some of the stand alone films 8's and 9's. But I have a sinking feeling this will not be happening in the future except the guardians of the galaxy films.It seems i maybe in the minority for my feelings towards this film, but im not sugar coating my opinion like it seems a few people are doing due to nostalgia. Its good, but not great. Had the opportunity to be better, maybe? And the setting up of new characters to come possible reflects on my score to... Because i just don't give two cents about any of them
3 Whaaaat? Time travel? Really? No way I saw 'this' coming... Except, I did. Oh no, Ironman and Black Widow are dead. Boohoo! Except nobody ever DIES in these movies (like the Red Skull-cough cough). They'll be brought back by some sort cloning technology or with some weird voodoo magic (...or time travel). It worked for Deadpool after all. The avengers literally couldn't go on any further. I mean the violence kind of escalated when they destroyed a city, then a small country, then a planet and finally the entire universe! You can't trump that! Although... Buffy the vampire slayer did save the multiverse. Was it just me or did Dr Strange gave the audience the literal finger towards the end? He did but this movie is PG13 so it wasn't that finger. Like everyone else who has a modicum of intelligence I too thought Thanos's motive was moronic as well as it was dumb. Try to follow my reasoning. He snaps his fingers and half the Universe's population is gone. What are the survivors going to do? Hmmm? The most logical thing is they will just breed again and then we're back to square one. We can't just assume that all species have the same gestation period as humans do. An elephant for instance has the gestation period of about 22 months, a whale about 16 months, a horse about 12 months, and cat and dogs about 58 DAYS... What about rabbits and rats? Oh about 22 days. My point is some species will repopulate their losses in a matter of days depending on how advanced their technology is or how fertile they are (we have no idea how aliens do their funny business and we don't want to know-just saying). So wiping out half the population isn't going to solve anything, quite the contrary. Humans would take about thirty to forty years to repopulate. In the meantime, you're going to have chaos and destruction following when people are suddenly disappearing when cars are suddenly crashing, planes are falling from the skies and nuclear reactors are going off or when nuclear silos are suddenly unguarded. All this would require more resources to be used to contain the chaos that would follow. Earth is tiny and we have limited resources, but the Universe has UNLIMITED resources! The Universe is very huge, LIKE HUMONGOUS HUGE! Any species that has mastered space technology can simply colonise an asteroid or planet and mine the heck out of it. Now, Thanos has a magic gauntlet which theoretically can give him whatever his giant heart desires. Even Thanos eventually acknowledges that his original plan is dumb and decides to recreate the Universe. Now THAT should have been his original plan. That I could understand. The Avengers used time travel to fix their problems... (Sigh-this is literally the laziest writing ever). The first time he snapped his fingers and kills half the Universe's population he becomes a gardener... A gardener! That is his endgame? Pointless genocide: check! Now I will go to my cucumber and tomato paradise: check! I wonder if Dr. Strange saw this in every one of his 14,000,605 outcomes and lost his mind. Did Dr Strange get so frustrated with all those versions ending up with Thanos gardening that he just gave up and gave him the stone? Why didn't Thanos dedicate himself to botany instead of being a warlord? I bet that by 14,000,606 it was the first time that it didn't end up with Thanos ending up in his cucumber and tomato paradise. So Ironman died because of some vegetables. That one version that Dr Strange wanted. Now let's talk about a geriatric Captain America (how did the writers come up this). Captain America goes back in time to be with the love of his life... How charming! Except that it isn't. He is a superhero with powers and knowledge of the future and the cold war and other really important stuff. Is he going to sit back while Hydra takes over SHIELD and destroys the very America he loves so much? What about Bucky who is being used as the Winter Soldier? I don't know about you but the Cap I know wouldn't just stand by and do nothing for 70 years. Hundreds of millions of dollars spent and twenty plus movies made just so Captain America could end up in a retirement home? No! Just no...
4 I'm not a hardcore "Avengers" fan. But being a movie fan means I am of course caught up in the buzz around this. Unfortunately I feel this is purely aimed at the mega fans, and I can imagine even some of them being disappointed.It all starts out promising. Setting things up and being as good humoured as usual. But then the time travelling stuff sets in. At first it sounded like this was going to be fun. But as it marched on it felt like way to much was being thrown in there, and the entire story (and a few of the previous movies) seem to get trashed in the chaos. I love time travel movie's if they setup some rules and stick to them. But do alot of contradicting stuff and you lose me.Still. There are a few surprises, and the big finale is still amazing to look at. The Ending does seem fitting, but the stink from the middle part of the movie stays throughout, and i was left scrathcing my head at least a couple of times more with revelations at the end.Oh, and I'm not sure what I think about the hulk in this. He seemed like he was just there for laughs. Unintentional or otherwise.
4 Only a month or so back I was talking to a friend about how much I hate it when serious movies use time travel to get their characters out of problems. I have no problem with movies like 'Back to the Future' or 'Hot Tub Time Machine' that are both comedy based and use the time machine as a plot for the movie as opposed to a solution for characters problems. When a serious movie uses it though it as lazy as writing as dream sequence in my opinion.At the end of the day though that just underlines the problem with these movies. The heroes are far too powerful. Whatever power they need they simply possess conveniently. Heck, 'Dr Strange' can even see into the future to know exactly what to do to make sure everything turns out alright. If that isn't the stupidest thing I've ever seen in a movie I don't know what is.I felt like the movie went very much as expected as well. Sure some characters die, however they were pretty much telegraphed to do so long before the movie came out. There also seemed to be a lack of conflict as key moments. A lot of things went far too smoothly for my liking in terms of the plan. Finally, the ending with 'Iron Man' simply pulling the glove off 'Thanos' - what the hell was that? Was that supposed to be clever writing? 'Thanos' just standing there for an eternity doing nothing waiting for someone to stop him?A lot of the jokes failed to land too. This was a surprisingly unfunny movie. In a 3 hour movie I got maybe 3 light chuckles out of the film. Every joke just felt so forced and some of the characters who don't have a comedy background delivered them very poorly. 'Avengers: Endgame' is three hours of my life I would like back.
10 One of the best superhero movies I have ever watched.All the actors really nailed their roles.Especially my one and only favorite iron man.Robert Downey Jr is irreplaceable in Iron man role.
4 Just overall badly written - down to the individual jokes not being funny, the side stories being uinteresting and the main plot also didn't work.Marvel apparently wants to reboot the MCU, by "demoting" or changing a lot of characters. None of the "demotions" were well done - instead of epic fights against Thanos resulting in the hero loosing his powers or getting injured, they more had them just slip our the back door. It is strange that you would miss an opportunity to have a batch of heroes killed in an epic battle, and instead srite them out the story with bad plotlines.The storyline was also a mess. The initial half hour or was it an hour before things got started could just have been cut down to five minutes, forgettable as it was. It was like the writers just gave up writing a meaningfull story from start to finish, and instead just had a main plotline patched together by coincidences (the bad guys randomly finding out what they heroes were doing), some side plots and then a big fight at the end.Even the selection of music was bad, there was hardly a scene with a really good song fitting a scene. This is something Marvel has been very good at, so it's strange they suddenly couldn't get that right.The point of the movie seems to reboot the MCU, removing a lot of characters because the actors playing them got too old for the roles - and maybe the writers had problems to create a story with a designated quota of heroes dying. I don't know what went wrong in the writing process, bur something for sure did.
4 Disappointing, Emotional BS, Family BS, Random Moments that try to be funny, Overpowered Women, Underpowered Thor, Boring 1st Hour & many more....This movie was a disgrace to the entire franchise. Watching the avengers & other marvel movies that all lead up to this.... Hell No!To all reading this review Do Not watch Marvel movies like I did; all those expectations lead to this... :-{
Investing all those hours & emotional energy & it all went down the drain.I give the movie a 4 for the action scenes & the VFX, the rest was just Underwhelming.
4 Beginning was great, ending was great, I barely stayed awake in the middle.
3 Infinity was one of the best films ever! This is a disgrace of a follow-up. Slow, elongated and boring. I sat through 1.5 hours and gave up, waiting for something to happen. My advice, do not bother!
3 Continuity? 350M budget and no one looking over the continuity? Hair styles, braided beard..unbraided...braided again? You need special equipment and suits to time travel, but not the bad guys who follow? No one traveling through time ages except Captain America??? SO many dragged out scenes with 'on the nose' dialog. They only made it 3 hours long to give the impression it was 'epic' when it wasn't and isn't. Making Thor a laughing bafoon who gives up being king so he can continue being fat and lazy? If you can't kill your superheroes, turn them into rejects. They'll probably reboot all the characters like they did with Spiderman... again...and again...and again.
4 I've just come from watching Endgame and I must say that I am disappointed.I loved Civil War and I loved Infinity War. When I came out of those films, I knew immediately that they were great and that I wanted to see them again. With Endgame, I'm not sure.I respect how they were prepared to show the consequences of what Thanos had done but by killing him off so quickly and then them having to do their own stone quest (hadn't we already seen Thanos doing this in IW) it felt slow and lazy. Worse still was that it felt very self-indulgent and attempting to be clever for clever sake.Like how Back to the Future II considered itself clever for showing the events of the first film but with Marty flitting around behind the scenes to ensure that it all still happened. I know it's meant to be fan pleasing but it really felt like a gimmick and lacking in confidence. Almost like it was saying 'Hey guys, this will make you smile'. If you want to make me smile, concentrate on maintaining the quality of your product rather than directly trying to make me like you.But the trouble with messing around with timelines and bouncing around is that it makes the audience start asking questions during the film. The linearity that we'd seen in IW and the imminent fast approaching threat is replaced in Endgame with a lack of direction and characters that are earlier versions of who the audience have seen.In IW we were shown Thanos. He was written to be sympathetic or at least a character that we the audience could understand. He believed in what he was doing and this made him more rounded. But in Endgame, that version is dispatched quickly and we are supplied with a 2014 (?) Thanos who isn't the character we know but is just a token bad guy.This Thanos hasn't made the sacrifice at Vormire, he isn't the guy that would empathise with Scarlet Witch for what she did to Vision. He has suddenly become a token cut out evil bad guy that needs to be defeated. Hell, the writers even manage to forget their own time loop by saying that this Thanos has learnt that he doesn't want to wipe out 50% anymore because they are too ungrateful. How does he know this when the 2014 Thanos has only just literally arrived in the post wipeout Universe? How has he had time to form the opinion that his previous quest for a 50% cull isn't worthy?Is this a case of the writers being terrified that they had created a bad guy that people related to or was it a fear that they'd written themselves into a hole? Why go to the effort of creating that character in IW to suddenly kill him off at the beginning of Endgame just for a dramatic punch?For me, the time travelling and stone gathering wasted time to create unimportant scenes that fundamentally undermine the films that came before.
In my opinion it would have been better if they had shown the remaining Avengers preparing to do some Avenging and maintained the single minded linearity of IW of battling towards and reaching a post click Thanos and somehow reversing his work.The more I think of the film, the more plot holes and frustrations manifest themselves. Thor's drinking and man child antics might have been initially funny but one begins to realise that they are deliberately doing this to clip his wings. Likewise with Hulk, his primordial desire to smash and destroy has been removed to think it out and he has become an embarrassing shadow of his former self.The thing that is meant to be amazing about the MCU is the world building but inconsistencies have been appearing and there are so many in Endgame that it makes you question whether these two films are written by the same people.In IW, Thanos is a dangerous and credible threat because he has the infinity stones. He takes on half of the Avengers, Strange and some of the Guardians on Titan and smashes them and then takes on the other half on Wakanda and smashes them. Yet it is Stormbreaker (whose creation we have seen been hard earned by a motivated Thor) that has the power to take down Thanos even when he has a full complement of Infinity Stones.Yet we roll forward to Endgame and we have literally all the good guys together in one place, Cap with his shield, Tony fully powered up, Scarlet Witch p*ssed and vengeful, Capt Marvel who can seemingly do anything and Thor wielding both Mjolnir AND Stormbreaker and Thanos NOT in possession of the gauntlet, yet they can't defeat him.It's like the fights in IW were so amazing because the good guys were taking on an unbeatable foe yet here he is now seemingly defeatable by the 'rules' that the writers established . A good example of this would be in IW when Cap is the last man standing before Scarlet Witch and he grabs the gauntlet. You see the look of admiration/respect on Thanos' face that Cap is holding open the gauntlet before he punches him to the ground yet now that scene seems pointless.The writers for Endgame seem to have been driven to undo everything they did in IW. All the tension, all the sacrifice, all the development of Thanos discarded for well, I don't know what. It makes no sense.IW had two incredible scenes that used to choke me up. When Cap appears in the train station, the Avengers theme kicks in and Falcon and Widow take down the henchman in a wonderfully choreographed scene. In just that one scene it shows them coming to the rescue, it shows how intuitively they work together and it showcases their heroism.Likewise when Thor creates Stormbreaker and makes his entrance on Wakanda, I felt it for the journey that Thor has been on. He's had to contend with loss and defeat and humiliation and this is his redemption. Here is a character that has earned his game changing weapon and when he arrives and demands to face a character that everyone else is running away from, I want to punch the air.But in Endgame, that feels like it has to be corrupted. We can't have Thor being dominant, let's break him and make him a fool. We can't have Thanos being complicated and relatable, let's make him a cut out bad guy. We can't have Hulk being rage fuelled and smashing stuff up, let's make him more sensitive and talking stuff out. We can't have Cap being stoic and heroic, let's have him ridiculing one of his own iconic lines in a silly gimmicky fight with himself and commenting on his butt. We can't have a powerful female character that we're invested in look sexy AND be able to take down Thanos, let's give Scarlet Witch a small part but focus our attention on a female character that hasn't earnt our admiration or desire for revenge.To be honest, the 'rules of engagement' had been set so well in IW that when in Endgame Thanos massed his ranks against the Avengers and then ALL of the good guys showed up, I was almost expecting the camera to pull away and not show the fight given that it was so obviously going to be an easy win for the good guys.And as for the big fight scene, it did reek of what DC always manage to do which is just throw everything into an end battle and bludgeon you with CGI and pyrotechnics so that you aren't really sure what is going on.In the many fights in IW, you knew what was going on, you recognised the combatants, you understood the stakes and you identified the geography of the scene. In Endgame we got one big massive fight where everything was thrown in the pot and it was just assumed by the directors that we would be happy with all the flashing lights.
And I have to say that considering that Steve and Tony fell out so hard, and that Tony's criticism of Steve was so unfair, that I really had hoped for more than just a handshake, a muttering of 'no worries' and 'here's your shield'. These guys wrote and directed Civil War, they created the line 'we fell out hard' and hence I had hoped for something deeper and more touching than a handshake.Steve wrote Tony a letter telling him that when he needed him he'd be there but once again the Iron Man bias had to creep in and once again Tony was the victim and the ultimate hero.But I think my biggest problem is how the convenient time travelling undermines everything. When a franchise starts retrofitting stuff (like Fury's eye being from a space cat), it's then hard to consider the previous stories.Having 2014 Gamorra means that all the evolution that we saw her go through in GOTG 1 and 2 is wasted. Having Cap marry Peggy means the pain of his sacrifice, him seeing her in Winter Soldier when she is suffering from Alzheimer's, hell even his blossoming relationship with Sharon Carter is kinda irrelevant. Having seen Thor at last step away from his two weaker origin films into the entertainment of Ragnarok and the redemption in IW leaves us now with a bumbling buffoon.We know that what makes Captain America what he is, is the serum that makes him a super soldier. That he was transformed from a weakling to a superhuman. Sam Wilson is not a super soldier and he didn't take the serum. He is Falcon. Now maybe in the comics he becomes Cap but Bucky is a super soldier. Is the new Cap going to foil an evil plot and be defeated with a tazer or a knife to the chest? Consider the beatings that Steve has taken and the physical strength that he has shown we can recognise that Sam Wilson does not have that.I'm sorry to say but the Russo's have dropped the ball. Themselves and their writers have succumbed to their success and their desire to be engineers of political correctness and social change. I thought Endgame would be the high soaring end to this 10 year run of impressive movie entertainment but in the end the writers got carried away, the directors over reached and the studio sacrificed the integrity of their product for a chance to 'educate' us all. A real shame and a wasted opportunity.Infinity War is clearly the highlight of the last 10 years but even now I fear that repeated viewings will render it pointless considering how the makers decided to fundamentally damage it.
2 What a crying shame that a movie that had so many people awaiting its arrival delivered so little. And, it seemed to take forever to deliver that!I believe that this is one of the most critical reviews I have ever given and believe me, I firmly believe that it is wholly because my expectations were set so high by the franchise that it was pretty much doomed unless it was mind blowingly good.If the story had had one thread of; 'that was believable' or even an odd; 'that could work' it may have been able to recover but, it doesn't. It doesn't even have a; 'that was cool' at any point either!It's actually so boring I had finally found a movie I could replenish concessions during and didn't feel like I had missed anything. The reality is that I probably missed some really critical parts but it didn't matter, the movie had lost me long since then.The entire story was so convoluted that it was just plain terrible. The basic thread was non existent and I agree with many other reviewers that certain characters were pointless.Synopsis: Infinity wars was mediocre, this isn't. Also, personally, it has done so much harm to the franchise, I for one won't be bothering to spend the 'sizeable' costs involved in cinema excursions for any Avenger related future offering again.
3 Maybe I would have enjoyed this more if I were a real Marvel fanboy, although from reading the other reviews I might well have cause to doub that, but as someone coming to this film through all the hype, and the knowledge that this has just outgrossed Avatar in terms of the box office I am simply astonished how lacklustre this film is.Sometimes I dislike a film, and rail against it while secretly having quite enjoyed it, the objection being to some aspect of the film which annoyed me, maybe something ideological or political. But despite Marvel increasingly taking a political line on many things there is really very little in this film - at least on the surface - that one could find objectionable about it. In many ways in fact it is very routine and unobjectionable. But problem mainly relates to the film's obesity & overblown nature combined with a manufactured self-indulgence that was just annoying to watch.With respect to the latter this is mainly with reference to the final battle (where everyone who's anyone in the Marvel Universe makes an appearance) and the tying up of things in the post-coital glow: I get that this has been a long, epic and much loved journey for many film-goers, and also that fans will want a proper send-off etc for their favourites, but unfortunately this is done really badly, & inconceivably in an abrupt & unsatisfactory way, something that is hard to account for given the massive length of a movie that unfortunately in every other respect never ceased to feel slow and lumbering.In this regard we get some major goodbyes at the end with respect to characters who in this film at least we have seen for a matter of seconds. Essentially making any sense of this requires us to reference the history of these films, something which is simply bad & indulgent writing.The massive assembly of characters, particularly at the end, is supposed to be one of the pulls of the film, but instead it serves to make their appearance superficial and works to diminish them as individuals. Just imagine meeting your favourite Marvel comic book hero in real life: well, by the end of this film that actually sounds like a rather dull prospect: the overblown nature of the wrap-up diminishes everyone. Bringing them all together simply works to cancel out teir uniqueness & makes their fantastic and in their own right typically overblown powers (Captain Marvel especially) seem prosaic in juxtaposition with each other.But a bit of indulgence could be forgiven if the story was worth anything much. Unfortunately compared to Infinity, there's really very little to it. The time travel aspect to it was too referential with respect to other movies (self-referentiality hasn't really worked well since the Scream movies). Sometimes with these types of movies you get fans duking it out on account of whether an idea is plausible or not. Maybe that has been happening but if so I'd be surprised; the narrative device never seems to be taken particularly seriously & for that reason it's difficult for the audience to take it very seriously: the time travel aspect is simply what needs to happen in order to sort the situation out & the writers simply come up with necessary justificiation & a few quips to let us know that they know we've seen it all before a hundred times.A part of the problem here is that the character motivations while there on paper never really felt that real. Renner's character was perhaps the most convincing in describing the bleakness of the post-Infinity world, but it never really seemed quite enough. Half the universe wiped out - something worse than the Black Death or Mongol destruction at its worth - but it never seems like that big a deal. A tighter script, maybe focussed more on an aggrieved Renner or equivalent might have made it seem real & genuinely high stakes.Beyond that there was very little in the movie that was simply enjoyable, in the switch off your mind & enjoy the ride variety. Thor has already been emasculated - he is simply a fat slob, & for reasons presumably relating to the next Thor film - he never recovers except to discover some meaningless cliche about being himself instead of who he should be. Nebula although good, has too much screen time. Downey's Iron Man is never his old self at any time. Peter Parker's ok but not present for much of the movie & superfluous to the plot. Captain Marvel is basically Superman but with unpleasant attitude instead of character & functions entirely as a deus ex machine - a narrative device pretty much synonymous with copping out & failing as a writer.The only two characters who have a likeable part in the film pretty much are Antman, who gets a surprisingly large part in this movie, & the Hulk, whose initial appearance as a composite of Bruce Banner & the Hulk himself is actually genuinly intriguing for a short time. Unfortunately even this latter innovation works to diminish the character in the final battle where we don't even have the pleasure of seeing the Hulk properly smash everything up. Ultimately what is the point of a Hulk who is fully in control of himself?This is just a bad overblown movie that seems to take pleasure in down-sizing it's heroes in anticipation of a new greatly diminished future
3 Mild spoilers ahead:
This movie could lose some 60 minutes and nobody would notice (or probably will - it would be more fun). Some great acting wasted. Exponential comic absurdity mixed with cheap philosophy. SFX could be much better for such an epic attempt. Weepy ending with forced pathos ruins everything. I was truly glad when it finally was over. 3 stars for wrapping this up, hopefully for good.
2 Couldn't believe how long this film was when I heard! 3 hours is just overwhelmingly bad if you ask me but still considering that I seen the previous 3 films I had to give this one a chance at least once.Went into this knowing the torture of watching a 3 hour film with an over stretched story line, plot holes galore, dragged scenes & political correctness shoved down your throat & that wasn't even the icing on the cake!But then after watching I found the film was below 3 hours. Actually, it was 2 hours & 49 minutes in total, but that's no far off the 3 hour mark. The film itself was ok & I mean below mediocre at best & at worst overrated!The story-line was easy enough to follow, but still had some confusing points which weren't well executed. Like the part where they traveled back in time & they were fighting their past selves. Other plot points too which didn't illustrate well what was happening or what was what.The run time which is obviously the biggest let down also contributed to the dragging nature which stretched out a story-line so simple it could've snapped! The ending especially was like watching paint dry in slow motion & my arse felt pretty numb when I left the cinema.There was some good action parts but there isn't much goes to say about this film or others like it which are clearly forgettable & loaded with confusing story-lines, details & sci-fi overkill.I also didn't appreciate the political correctness & female feminazi empowerment in this film which I seen twice at the finale part. A black woman at the end being "king" or "leader" of the land instead of Thor really? I don't know... I'd say that political correctness itself is just part of the issue I have with these films overall. It needs to stop!Overall not good & seriously over hyped for what it is! I can safely say these films have gone down hill since the beginning of the 2010's. They've delved into too much sci-fi, complicated story-lines with too much details, are too up in the air & not grounded enough & are riddled with political correctness! It's just sad as the classics before it were so much better & watchable, if not RE-watchable!The 10/10 reviews are clearly fake & once again proves just how biased the rating system has become with paid reviewers giving this junk anything over what I've rated it as. More honesty & less BS.2/10
3 I am not a huge fan of the last Marvel movies. There are some very good movies, but the most is around average. Never so bad as most of the last DC movies. But Endgame is really game over for me.Please continue with X-men and guardians of the galaxy. It is enough for me. The rest I do not care anymore, it is ok like this. They professionally ruined it for me with Endgame.The story is very shallow, the solution is very shallow and also the action scenes are very shallow. Hours long they are busy with: yes we have something, but I have doubts, but it is great, but I don't know etc. And ofcourse all the heroes are very hurt and some are saying no at first, but already fast they overcome their hurt... And by the way: let's do some time traveling! Let's redo all the finding of the stones and snap the fingers a few times, it makes live so easy.So you have a 'big battle' where nothing happens and some action and after that it is saying goodbye to everybody. Oh wait! We forgot to think about a few death people, we just push commemorating them somewhere in the scenes. Iron man is the most important. Oh and captain Marvel is fixing everything ofcourse. I think she can save the whole universe on her own, who need the Avengers? And captain America has his ending: he is much older and guess what he did al that years? We do not need to guess because even that is explained, like we can not think for ourselves.Are there no good points? There was some humor and the graphics are looking good, but that is never the problem. And I see many people are happy with it, which I can not understand. But I do not need to. You can never make everybody happy, it is taste and interest. And for me this was a bad movie. Maybe the worst Marvel movie.
4 This was a terrible film. I rented it and feel like I wasted my money. The movie is 3 hours long. 2 of those hours is just nonsense, comedy, and jabber. Then you get about thirty minutes of the big fight, followed by another thirty minutes of boredom. The male heroes are portrayed as buffoons, which is indicative of today's masculine-man-hating society. Based on today's man-hating culture, testosterone is evil. Women should be lumberjacks and Seal Team Six. Men should take estrogen pills and ask their wives to open the stuck peanut butter lid. I'm a proud sexist. I open doors for ladies. I also send my lady flowers just because, versus craftsman tools.This was one of the worst Avengers installments ever. Writers are so busy pushing their masculine-man-hating agenda by making the two most powerful Avengers (Thor and Hulk) water downed buffoons. They failed to capture the essence of the Avengers. If the Hulk and Thor are not smashing something or someone that is extremely powerful, Marvel isn't worth watching IMHO. They are the ultimate warriors. Yet in this installment, they are childish buffoons while the film piles on the feminist propaganda scenes.The nadless, testosterone-hating writers of today have devolved the Avengers franchise into a dramady sitcom.
1 Captain America switched with lokki at some point in past and captain never returned. This was more like a soap than action movie.
1 August 2019 I have watched the first part many, many times. Every minute of it was accounted for with importance to the plot - not wasted on snowflake emotions.This second half has an excellent plot, but oh, my - how it dragged on with talk and tears!I also didn't like Pepper suddenly being outfitted as a fighter?! lol! And, considering the future hero roles revealed in this one, can we eventually expect a white Black Panther, too?! Don't get me wrong - I don't want to see a white Black Panther.Several other points of disappointment, too.Bummer.
4 I just got back from seeng this on the big screen; first time to a movie house in 40 years.I will start by saying I do like Marvel and their superheroes...that being said, I felt Infinity Wars was too fast paced and lacked a coherent storyline. With all the hype for Endgame I was expecting a similar fast pace...only to be amazed at how boring the first half of the movie was. YES kiddies, a full hour and a half was literally 'snoozy time' when it comes to any story at all. To tell the truth, at one point about an hour into this I was thinking I was supposed to be thinking up excuses for why there was nothing of substance going on...For the entire three hour time frame, there could not have been more than 15% total with action of any amount in scenes; and that felt more like it was thrown in as an apology...frankly, I expected more; much much more than was delivered...at least all the characters who disappeared in Infinity Wars came back in Endgame...The short opinion...Huge Disappointment!
3 Several of the narrative problems that are present in Infinity War are not resolved or made worse by this remarkably lazy film. Of note, Thanos' ideology is both utterly incoherent and utterly alien to the Zeitgeist. The writers simply lacked the courage to make Thanos into the eugenicist that he so clearly should be. Without that edge to him he is a scene chewing comic book *villain* in the worse way. I simply did not care about the plot because the villain is a snidely whiplash joke. The film doubles down on the idiocy present in Infinity War as Thanos' end goal is just more so. This problem renders the film hollow, emotionally inert.That might have been overlooked if the film's overall structure wasn't, more or less, identical to Infinity War. Starting at about 30 minutes in the two films run remarkably in parallel with each other. The pieces are slightly jumbled and certain characters end up playing different beats but act to act, sequence to sequence, scene to scene the underlying scaffolding of the plot is the same. This would be better if the plotting wasn't redundant in the first place. Infinity War boiled down to 6 color coded chase scenes over MacGruffins. The same is true in Endgame but even more so. The plot device introduced to allow the team a fighting chance produces whole manners of plot contrivances, incoherence and murky what the heck is happening. There are 21 other films in the series and while I have seen every single one (some more than 3 times!) I simply don't have the convoluted metaphysics memorized. If you saw each film once in the theatre as they were released parts of this mess will confuse you.On that note the Infinity Stones are even more MacGruffins in this film as Endgame doesn't even bother to try to visualize their various powers. Infinity War turned magick users into mere boxers and this film continues to lower the bar for imaginative use of space magick. I still don't understand what the difference between, say, the space stone and reality stone is practically. There is nothing in the film that demonstrates their powers. This adds to the rote laziness that the film embodies.Inevitably in a film like this a few characters will get short changed. This happened here to my favorite character. For a film that so copied its predecessor's structure I am gobsmacked that not all re-matches occurred in the action scenes. Some of them do, but a pretty obvious and possibly entertaining one doesn't. On top of that the final moment-key to a character and the plot- is overly telegraphed due to the extraordinary amount of time spent with said character and the seeming checklist they have for a farewell tour. The balance is wrong for the character relationships. You can more or less guess the consequences based on screen time.None of the consequences of the two films seem final, abet textually a few of them are (I guess). Capital being what it is Disney would never kill off a bunch of Golden Geese; it was always faintly absurd the two films pretended otherwise. This narrative holdover from Infinity War takes a lot of heat out of the film.There are a few nice quips. There are also some promising team up moments in the film that point to brighter days. But in the end this is navel gazing nonsense.
1 Let's be clear - there was a lot of talking about this film, about how great it will be. Turned out? It was a pretty decent story about time traveling (I honestly like those). I even thought I like it, aside from some little things that don't even worth mentioning. But the ending - oh, let me talk about the ending. It is so horrible that it erased any good impression this movie could've left. I don't have the problem with how it ends, with events presented. I have the problem with how boring, non-aesthetic and amateur it was filmed. I'm furious that funeral scene turned out to be such a cheap vulgarity, such an emptiness that tries to play with viewer's emotions - and, sadly, fails. This is what the character died for? To be honored... With this? Boy, oh boy. I don't know how many people actually like this scene, but I sure do not.
Also - diversity. As a commercial product in the first place, a movie about diverse characters, well, completely non-diversed. Heteronormative, I would say, and in 2019 it is quite anachronistic. Quite obvious, of course, that the company is afraid of possible risks and profit losses - another reason to think about what good such soulless capitalistic approach can give us? From where I stand, nothing good. I don't want to be a consumer, I want to be a viewer that is not treated like a money account. Anyway, I was bitter about it just a little - after all, what can you expect from Marvel and Russos, really? They are not Taika Waititi after all (how honestly great it would be if Taika Waititi filmed all Avengers movies is story for another time), so even queer-coding isn't present. What got me furious is that Russo had the nerves to actually say they included LGBT-representation there. Leaving alone term "LGBT-representation" and why I have problems with this phrasing, let's see what we have here. And what we have, fellow viewers who don't enjoy tasteless similarity in their films, is a huge slap on our faces and our egos. This is what we can call a proper representation these days? I doubt it. It's so elusive I even didn't noticed it in the first place, thinking that the man could be talking about any people from his family. So, if I can read a text hermeneutically and headcanon some queer characters in there, does that mean a film has representation in it? Or, more important, does it mean director has the right to be bragging about such representation? Last one - certainly not.
4 I'm an Avengers fan but to me, Endgame was the worst part. Infinity war was much better. Even the action scenes are incomparable. Only 4 stars!
10 Truly a masterpiece, The Best Hollywood film of 2019, one of the Best films of the decade... And truly the Best film to bring a comic book so chillingly and realistically to real ife.
Remarkable Direction, Cinematography, Music and the Acting.
Some people are surprised to find it DISTURBING and VIOLENT, but it's a necessity and message.
It's about society and reflects those underappreciated/unrecognized/bullied people, proving they can do something too.
The way it shows class difference, corruption and how rich and talented rule others around them is not exaggerated and that's what makes it different.
It's BELIEVABLE.
There could be multiple JOKERs living in our society that could shake those around them in much bitter way than the film shows making people uncomforting people.
Consider this a wake up call, a message, but first a film. A PERFECT film.
10 I have seen Joker yesterday at Venice an early ill-fated screening. We had some trouble with audio that lead to a near-hour delay, but it definitely was worth it.Joker deserved to be presented at Venice Film Festival, an event that regards cinema as a form of art, because this film is far from a blockbuster or a mere entertainer movie, as most films in the genre are.It focuses on the psyche of the main character, as it slowly crumbles under the pressure of society. And thus, Joaquin Phoenix does a wonderful performance, earning almost surely a nomination at the oscars at least.
It's a take on the Joker that differs from Ledger's, but I'd say that both are equally as good. The main difference might be that Ledger's joker is a rational that acts insane, while Phoenix's is insane to the root.Despite being a movie about a superhero villain, Joker is much superior to most of the movies of the genre (I'd exclude the Dark Knight Trilogy only, but Joker is easily as good as Nolan's movies, or at least very close). It is a small-scaled film, with a distinct style and cinematography (that cannot but be appreciated) and a set of very cinephile references that however do not feel too forced or overly opressive. (most notable are the similarities to Scorsese's 'Taxi Driver' and his 'The King of Comedy', but also Chaplin's 'Modern Times' is somewhat referenced).I am eager to see more non-comedic efforts by Todd Phillips. This movie was so far probably the best of 2019 (at worst contested so far only by Dolor Y Gloria or Once Upon a Time in Hollywood), and that should be very convincing.
10 While I've watched many of the superhero movies that have come down the pike,
they are often the same. So the compensation for sensational plots involves great special effects and non-stop action. They are fun and I don't mean to dis them. What is missing is a truly psychological drama. We don't get into the heads of the characters. This film is incredible as we watch a man confront his demons. We see him made fun of, attacked, and beaten. When he responds, he is seen as crazy. He also find that he is diminished in the eye of a counselor, and his mother has kept a secret. I thought it gave us a foundation for the Batman mythos without getting to deeply into it. Acting, atmosphere, and a sophisticated plot makes this a really excellent film.
10 I get why some people hate this . It's because of the political message and how some people think that you need get empathy for Arthur's madness. But come on that is not the point and it will never be. Enjoy this masterpiece because Joaquin Phoenix and Todd Phillips overdid themselves with this movie . The acting,music and cinematography are just amazing ! Please enjoy the movie without overthinking it.
10 Let me start off by saying if Joaquin Phoneix doesn't get his Oscar for this movie. Then the Oscars should be cancelled. Phoneix is amazing as you might've heard from every review ever! But Todd Phillips. Is at his best here. The story lines he takes and visuals are just breathtaking. The score!! Omg the Score! Every time that score came on, I felt very uncomfortable, like something horrible was about to happen. It was GREAT. The Inspirations from Taxi Driver and King of Comedy are there, and add so much for the movie. And I got to be honest. There are scenes that are very violent. And its disturbing. But I honestly expected it to be WAYYYY more violent from all the controversy going on. Overall this movie was GREAT. Come Oscar season, it needs to be nominated for Best Picture, ScreenPlay, Cinematography, Actor, Score and Director
10 Every once in a while a movie comes, that truly makes an impact. Joaquin's performance and scenography in all it's brilliance. Grotesque, haunting and cringy. Hard to watch at times,... but so mesmerizing, you won't blink an eye watching it. Tragic, but with seriously funny moments. Emotional rollercoaster - sometimes, with multiple emotions popping-up at the same time.this is far from a typical action-riddled predictable super-hero movie - it's a proper psychological thriller/drama, with the single best character development I have ever seen.
10 This is a movie that only those who have felt alone and isolated can truly relate to it. You understand the motive and you feel sorry for the character. A lot of people will see this movie and think that it encourages violence. But truly, this movie should encourage each and every one of us to become a better person, treat everyone with respect and make each other feel like they belong in this world, instead of making them feel isolated.
7 There is no doubt that the movie was well thought of - from the plot to execution. I must praise Phoenix's superb acting. He managed to portray very believably the awkward social reject and also the crazy murderer that he became. I really think it's a role only few could do. It was also very interesting to watch how he deteriorated mentally and little by little gave up on trying to fit into society. Gotta hand it to the script writer - the plot was unpredictable.But...There wasn't anything too complex about Arthur's mental state. No deep psychological analysis, or a web of many deep factors that created a one of a kind psychotic maniac. Could it be that I was expecting too much? Very possible since I came with very high expectations after reading some reviews.
What doesn't have anything with expectations is that at the end he didn't remind much of the original Joker. He felt more like a simply society reject that went completely crazy and started killing people. Not that much different from many other serial killers or mass murderers. He didn't have the master mind that so much designated the Joker and made him different from a simple murderer.
Another thing is that there were long parts of the movie that felt very dull.
Also I found it hard to buy the reason behind the riots in the city and the role the Joker played in them. Even if taken into account that the poverty and anger was cooking for a long time in that society, it still feels somewhat absurd that killing three people in the subway made the joker so notorious.
In conclusion, I can identify with the character which gave me a lasting impression of the movie, and this movie could have been very great if it was a movie about how a person that's rejected by society turns slowly into a serial killer. But as a movie about the Joker I felt it was lacking. Lacking the things that made the Joker actually the Joker, and not just another crazy murderer.
10 It's sad that Joaquin missed Oscar for 'The gladiator' as he was very compelling Villain. But I am quite confident he will win it for the 'Joker'. Damn what a movie !!! Keeps u on the toes all the time. Unpredictable storyline and really a deep interesting plot. Did I forget to mention acting ? Damn Do niro and Joaquin teach u what really is 5 star acting.
To enjoy this movie, get a wine in your hand, close the curtains, turn of ur cellphones and put do not disturb sign on ur door. Best Dark thriller suspense movie you will get to experience.
10 Joaquin Phoenix gives a tour de force performance, fearless and stunning in its emotional depth and physicality. It's impossible to talk about this without referencing Heath Ledger's Oscar-winning performance from The Dark Knight, widely considered the definitive live-action portrayal of the Joker, so let's talk about it. The fact is, everyone is going to be stunned by what Phoenix accomplishes, because it's what many thought impossible - a portrayal that matches and potentially exceeds that of The Dark Knight's Clown Prince of Crime
9 The movie affects you in a way that makes it physically painful to experience, but in a good way.
10 Need I say more? Everything about this Movie is Masterful in every single way! Joker isn't just an awesome comic book movie, it's an awesome movie, period. It offers no easy answers to the unsettling questions it raises about a cruel society in decline. Joaquin Phoenix's fully committed performance and Todd Phillips' masterful albeit loose reinvention of the DC source material make Joker a film that should leave comic book fans and non-fans alike disturbed and moved in all the right ways.
7 When I heard everyone saying that this is the film of the year and all the reviews flooding in with 10's, I was quite hyped and excited for this movie. When I walked out of the cinema, I felt hollow and empty.Before I continue writing, let me say this, This is NOT the film of the year nor is it a real masterpiece. The cinematography is excellent and the acting is incredible, that's just it. The side-characters are bland and overly dramatic. The plot heavily relies on plot-twists and the film is so harsh that it actually falls flat on it's face.Are there no good points though? Phoenix is phenomenal and the score is great. The cinematography is also incredible but the plot is not that great at all. It even has plot holes and scenes that left me empty.Film of the year? Nope.
16 August 2020 Low expectations and subverted expectations play a big part in this film's success, although not the biggest part. The levels of expectation on a DC 'universe' film is now pretty low - to the point that someone with film OCD like myself has not bothered to even dip a toe in recent years; likewise what one expects from a superhero genre origin story is not something like this. The sense of pleasant surprise certainly helped the success of the film, but it is not the main thing.The main reason is the central performance of Phoenix. He is totally committed to selling his character throughout, and even in the weakest moments of narrative, you believe his character in terms of its roots, development, and actions. It is not a film that would normally be associated with awards, but it would be a significant failure were he not to be recognized for how much he delivered and how much he made the film. A secondary reason the film works is its cinematic heritage in the films of Scorsese in so much as it falls between Taxi Driver and King of Comedy. This is not accidental, and the casting deserve a lot of credit of getting actors of the quality of Phoenix and de Niro (although the latter does more as a reference than an actor). With these elements working well, the film produces an engaging origin story that feels responsible but yet fitting the character. I could have done with it stopping just a few seconds earlier than it did, because I'm not sure that the "maybe it was all imagined" bit at the end was a good idea.Otherwise, it is enjoyably dark and deliberate, and is driven by Phoenix, even if the film is not as brilliant as some would have you believe.
10 This is just my opinion but I loved the Joker, the performances, cinematography, directing, style, all build a great story. And the acting from Phoenix was incredible, he done a great take for the iconic character, and wow does he commit, with loosing the weight for the role, to developing the laugh.
6 Here, we have a broken man whose mental instability and illness is the catalyst for what Arthur Fleck eventually becomes, but I mean nowhere in this movie do we witness any kind of intellectual prowess, high intelligence, or even any miniscule reference to his wit and smarts to believe he has what it takes to become the Joker from the previous films.Also, there is merit to the theory that the whole entire movie was a dream playing out in his imagination, and he was conveying that to the psychiatrist the whole movie, which connects to the end since it starts with him meeting a psychiatrist and we know he was making things up by the revelations. In addition, there is no factuality to the idea that he was Thomas Wayne's lovechild. Joker is having a delusion of grandiose throughout the story, connecting himself to powerful people and situations, which would be a semi-trait of his narcissism, as well (although narcissism is far from his predominant psychological problems). I'd prefer this theory because it would explain why Fleck lacked any kind of pragmatism and intelligence we've come to expect throughout this movie.The Joker is playing the psychotherapist the whole time, making her feel sympathy and bad for him (as well as the audience), and that's the joke on her at the end, which enables him to kill her, too. This is Joker's own fantasy origin story, which has little validity.Go ahead and downvote, but there's no way this take on the Joker is intelligent and mentally competent enough to become Ledger's Joker.
10 Most of the time movies are anticipated like this they end up falling short, way short. Joker is the first time I was more than happy with the hype. Please ignore the complaints of "pernicious violence" as they are embarrassing to say the least. We haven't seen a comic movie this real before. If we ever "deserved" a better class of criminal - Phillips and Phoenix have delivered. This is dark, Joker IS dark and you will fall in love with the villain as you should. The bad guys are always more romantic anyway.
14 January 2020 The recurring themes of so many of the 10 star reviews here should tell you a lot about this movie and its audience. If you can't get through a movie review without tossing in one or more claims that "THIS movie is so much better and smarter than YOUR superhero movie" (or even basing your entire review around this premise), then I hate to break it to you, but kid, you're nowhere near as intelligent and grown up as you think you are. This "my comic publisher is better than yours" BS should have been left behind on your grade school playground, it has absolutely no relevance to the quality of this movie, and your opinion of this movie should be considered highly suspect if you're in this group.I gotta say, if this movie was also your idea of the most perfect film ever made, you really need to get out more. Look, I get it. If you live in a safe little box where all you watch are superhero movies and mainstream blockbusters then I understand how exposure to themes like this for the first time would seem new and exciting to you, and I think we can all agree that this is probably the best DC Comics related movie in the last decade or so (though that's not a high bar to meet) and of course Joaquin Phoenix is a very talented actor, but stop and take a step back and look at this thing.Joker does indeed present a theme that is of importance to our society, that of the neglect and demonizing of the mentally ill to a degree that sometimes creates monsters which everyone around them should have seen coming a mile away if they hadn't been too busy looking away to avoid feeling uncomfortable. Unfortunately, reminding us all of the fact that this situation still exists is all this movie really has to say. It dances around important subjects like "HEY KIDS, CLASS INEQUALITY!", but then never offers any actual insight into them, usually because it's too busy making forced Batman references or dropping cringey little edgy moments like the "Don't smile" sign scene which seem to have been designed solely to have something for Hot Topic to print a new t-shirt of. Between that and every single plot twist being telegraphed so very far in advance because a lot of us have seen all these exact same twists so very many times before, I just wasn't impressed.Perhaps if this had been an actual stand-alone movie of its own instead of being shackled by its completely unnecessary ties to the Batman universe it could have done something more interesting with its themes. Don't get me wrong, I don't have any problem with superhero movies, but it just feels so gratuitous here, as if someone came up with this idea, pitched it to an executive, and was told "sounds great, but can you make it a Batman movie somehow?", and I'm sorry, but I'm just not into a movie trying to tell me a half-hearted, yet dead-serious speech about mental illness in modern society while simultaneously constantly reminding me that it's technically a superhero movie because $$$
6 I was so hyped up to see this movie, loved the trailer, only movie I have wanted to watch in the cinema for a very long time.I watched it and was bored. the aesthetics were amazing, music was good, story and execution was meh. the performance of the joker was a good performance but people raving about this are driving me mad. either you have not seen many movies or I have seen too many.this movie was bang average and was actually boring. I was actually thinking about leaving half way through as I was bored out of my mind.I do not regret watching it but it is being so overhyped that I am so confused right now. I think it had a good premise but could have been so much more, so much more.Signs of a great movie is the repeat viewing of it or it moving you, joker did not move me whatsoever and I would not watch it again.I thought maybe people are getting paid to write good review but have actually met people who think it is the best movie ever.... OMGGGThis movie is bang average and way overhyped.phoenix performance is good but as the story and execution is so bad, I feel he never even touched the higher spectrum of performance he could have with the character.I have experienced and seen worse in my life, if this made you feel, you are (i hate this word but have to use it) a snowflake. Please get off social media and live life.there is a real world out there.
8 In an era of cinema so saturated with superheroes and gritty remakes, Todd Phillips and Phoenix somehow take a character so deeply intrenched in pop culture and create something compelling and unique. This film is unafraid to be bleak and scary without offering much to the viewer as a means of comfort. The only way we can deal with the harsh cruelties of the world is by treating it as a joke. Upon leaving this movie, you will not hate Joker, you will hate the world that made him.Phoenix simply cannot be praised enough. He brings both sympathy and tragedy in the way he moves his eyes, the way he contorts his shoulders, the way he laughs. A lesser actor would be unable to swing his moods from as far extremes as Phoenix does nor add the layers that Phoenix intricately builds for his character. The way he twists and writhes his body is mesmerizing and brings even more tragedy to the Joker. This is Phoenix's movie.As for the technical side, this movie is far different than any other super hero films of recent years. The cinematographer and director choose a shallow focus, giving Pheonix a) the undivided attention of the viewer and b) a more personal feel to the film. There are wide shots with deep focus, but they are used sparingly because this movie is about a character, not action or explosions. The color palette of this movie is intentionally composed of dour greens, blues and tepid yellows--- all of which gives the world a sickly feel. The soundtrack is used affectively, bringing waves of optimism to intentionally clash with our protagonist's angry depression. This film will likely be compared to The Dark Knight and DCEU films, which I don't find to be fair. This film is far more akin to The Machinist and The King of Comedy in tone and visual style.I recommend this film, and I think anything short of an Oscar nomination for Phoenix would be disrespectful to the effort he gives. However, I have one gripe I would like to voice. I found the tie-ins to the Wayne family to be unnecessary. It came across as pandering to an audience that loves Easter eggs more-so than the story itself. In my opinion, I think the story would have worked even better if it had distanced itself from the Batman story. Other than that, I had little issue with the rest of the film.Joker is a movie that tells us life is full of sadness, and then gives us a character whose purpose is to spread laughter and joy. I was going to finish this review with a joke, but, you wouldn't get it.
10 I have just watched the Joker in Venice and I will say if Joaquin doesn't get an Oscar this year then something is wrong with this world. This perfomance is just jaw-dropping, it glues you to the screen and doesn't let go till the end. Story is very good and has some interesting connections with Batman lore(especially one you can't guess from trailers). There are some scenes that are so tense ,well-acted and imaginative that push this movie to 10. Cinematography and direction are great, Todd has proven himself as a director. Robert is also good in his "small" role. Will definitely see it again as soon as it out in October.
10 The acting, cinematography, sound design, and the script itself is phenomenal. This movie is a triumph. Joaquin Pheonix deserves an Oscar win for this tbh.
5 They say it's all in the writing. And this is a great example of that. Good acting and production values cannot save a script steeped in tiresome stereotypes and a failure to delve into a character's identity. We meet the Joker when already imbalanced and his so-called descent into madness is really a couple weeks away; far from a descent, it's a stroll. This is not a character study, despite claims to the contrary. It's a showcase of a good actor overly contorting his body and laughing manically as a mistaken expression of madness. Where is the past? Where are the influences? Where are the conflicts? What are the seminal moments that create the spiral? Perhaps if he had really had that relationship, and had it gone sour, it would justify a descent. Instead, it's a fait accompli. This is lazy writing, focused more on fancy long shots of Joaquin Phoenix dancing crazily than producing something of value to the franchise.
10 The perfect portrait of a decline to insanity"
& Joaquin Phoenix portrays this flawlessly in a performance of a lifetime.
Choreographed impeccably by Todd Phillips & is nothing short of breathtaking.
The cinematography & backdrop ideology of such an original film for such a complex character is only complimented by the superb soundtrack & acting. A hauntingly beautiful film & A Definate 10/10.
Edit: Bring on part 2 plssssss!. We all want it!.
7 I thought this film was good but I just don't get the hype personally. The acting was amazing and the film was good overall but I think 'masterpiece' and 'film of the year' are a bit overused throughout the reviews. In no way did I dislike this film, I thought it was really good, just overhyped. I feel as though a lot of the 10/10 reviews are purely based on the fact that it already has amazing reviews and so people want to carry the praise further and that it is about the joker. If this film was released and was about some random guy in the same situation, I don't think the reviews would be as high but maybe that's the point.
4 This movie wasn't very good, I really had high hopes and am familiar with mt. Washington having climbed it many years ago but in the summer. Naomi Watts was not very believable in the lead role. Maybe the story itself isn't that compelling, yeah she saved a guy from the mountain who seemed to be trying to commit suicide. Pam was apparently a rescue person who worked on the mountain but was off duty the day of this rescue. The rescue consisted of a lot of panting , groaning, and falling down . You would never know she was a professional climber watching the way she was portrayed. I think this would make a good documentary, but not enough there for a drama with Watts as the lead, I don't recommended.
2 Major holes in emotional and action plot. Great story, poorly told.SPOILERSBlack toes indicate frostbitten toes, yet "John" recovers and runs away. Duh.Somehow, Pam learns about "John" and meets up with him, but still doesn't know his name?Duh.Two people in freezing cold blizzard both get soaking wet in a creek that would have been close to freezing and just keep on walking down the mountain?Duh.This looks and feels like over dramatization by script writers who have never been outside or on a mountain or in heavy snow and have not learned how to "show" rather than "tell."While the script claims the rescue of John enables Pam's recovery from loss of her children, we don't see that happen; no indication of this critical development that should be the turning point for the central character.Nice try.
2 This is not my type of film. Contains "spoilers." Pam (Naomi Watts) climbs Mt. Washington for therapy. A storm is coming. She discovers John (Billy Howle) sitting half frozen to death. She helps him down. Turns out, like her, her was grieving the loss of a loved one. They both go on with their lives like normal people.Yup. That's it. Should have never been a film. Boring.Guide; Brief nudity (Naomi Watts)
2 Sorry, but I expected a lot more. Based on a real story, so it says. The acting might have been good, but the script certainly not. The dialogue was utterly boring and unrealistic in light of what was going on. Pam must have asked a 100 times if he (John) was okay after he went though the most horrendous ordeals. A pity as it could and should have been a lot better.
2 I spent the whole time watching the movie wondering when it would end, the acting was bad and stiff, the fake snow was really unbelievable and the pacing was confusing.
3 Although it is based on a true story, the movie makes it look really ridiculous, boring and makes the character looks like whinny little girl who never hiked before.As someone who hikes in the mountains a lot during different seasons, I think, the movie made it look like she went "walking" for a few hours in the mountain then she started to struggle and ran out of water, etc as if she was there for days or weeks.The movie should have showed the audience why this situation is particularly dangerous and how someone can get easily lost in a well known area when a storm hits. Those who do not know these facts and not into hiking will be confused how a trained hiker is struggling the way she is!The movie wants us to sympathize without showing us how dramatic the situation is. Most shots are close one and we do not get to see how horrible the situation is and we do not get to fear for our characters safety. I do not know if this was actually filmed outdoors, but everything screams "this was filmed in a very narrow place"!Bad dialogue and zero acting from the dude playing the stranded man. My best guess is some actors just need to make ends meet and therefore, accept such badly written badly executed projects.
3 This story appears to be loosely based on Ty Gagne's Footprints in the Snow. Which by all accounts is an interesting story of a person who follows footprints in the snow and ens up rescuing a suicidal man.But, Infinite Storm feels like the person who wrote it read Ty Gagne then decided to change it up to be random and somewhat pointless rather than stick to what made Ty's story so engaging.Naomi Watts in the movie happens to be part of search and rescue who happens to just be on a walk-about who happens to encounter a big storm and happens to come across a man. This man acts like he's on meth or strong acid, not suicidal. Actually, he bounces between cracking out and being lucid. While Naomi Watts falls all over the place calling his made up name and trying to get him down the mountain.It's not that the movie is bad or good just poorly written, hurried and meaningless. Naomi Watts is awesome as usual. Billy Howle is good as well but seems lost in what his character is supposed to be. Cinematography is good.The problem with Infinite Storm is the writing and some directing. It feels rushed and missing a lot of content. Almost like they hit the end of a budget and wrapped it up. I find it crazy that a movie based on a story that had so much meaning ending up being extremely meaningless. Hard pass on this one.
1 Believe the bad reviews.Starts Off Bad, But Wait, it Gets Worse...
Another worst film! Full of boring fake snowstorm scenes!Whoever makes this garbage should stop and focus on something else.If you want to waste your time, and I mean waste it to the point that there is not a single net benefit, this is your movie.Avoid at all cost!
4 Granted, I hadn't even heard about the 2022 drama thriller "Infinite Storm" from writer Joshua Rollins prior to sitting down to watch it. However, with it being a movie that I hadn't already seen and it having a fairly interesting enough synopsis, of course I opted to watch what director Malgorzata Szumowska had to offer.I will say that the movie started out quite alright and was interesting enough for the majority of the playing time. However, while the story upon which the movie is based definitely is impressive and outstanding, then this 2022 movie just didn't cut it. Sure, it was watchable, but that was about it, because it was ultimately a fairly bland movie.The storyline started out okay and had some interesting things along the way, however, I have to say that I never felt that neither Pam (played by Naomi Watts) or John (played by Billy Howle) were ever truly in any real danger, and the entire rescue trek down the mountain just felt rushed and superficial.The acting performances in the movie were adequate, but I never was left with a wow sensation from the acting performances on the screen. Don't get me wrong here, because the actresses and actors performed adequately enough, but I just wasn't bedazzled or impressed by what I saw.Visually then "Infinite Storm" was good, but visual effects and such just didn't really have much of any real important impact on the movie. Sure, it added the element of the blizzard and the fury of nature, but that was about it.For me, then Malgorzata Szumowska's 2022 movie "Infinite Storm" came and went without much of a lasting impression. And once the blizzard settles and the snow is on the ground, this was essentially just a somewhat bland movie experience.My rating of "Infinite Storm" lands on a four out of ten stars.
5 After watching the trailer I decided to give it a shot. I'm a sucker for survival films. For the first 30 minutes it had my full attention. But after John jumps off the cliff and breaks his ankle everything goes down hill. For the rest of the film they were just kinda stumbling around. Don't get me wrong the story is pretty amazing. But the movie itself was mediocre and lacked any real intensity.
6 Greetings again from the darkness. Naomi Watts is a gifted actress and always elevates her films, but can someone please cast her in a comedy? The lady deserves a chance to lighten up a bit. Known for her dramatic turns, this may be her most physically demanding role yet. The film is based on a true story and the life of Pam Bales. Director Malgorzata Szumowska and co-writer Joshua Rollins, with input from Ms. Bales, recreate the remarkable events of 2010 on Mount Washington in The White Mountains of New Hampshire.We first see Pam Bales (Watts) as her alarm goes off early, and she goes about preparing for a six-hour trek up the mountain. This includes layering her backpack and her clothes for the below freezing temperatures. She stops by the caf where her friend (Denis O'Hare) pours her some hot cocoa and tries to talk her out of the climb due to the possibility of lousy weather (which is saying something for this area). However it's clear this date is important to her when she says the climb is "cheaper than therapy", because "mountains always listen and don't talk back." Pam has a special connection to the mountain and to nature.As she begins her journey, Pam sees a couple of campers finishing up their stay. One of them is Eliot Sumner (offspring of musician Sting), who also wrote and performed a song for the film. The other is played by the film's writer, Joshua Rollins. Pam also notices another car in the parking lot, which, although she doesn't know it at the time, does set the stage for her day. Often covered in goggles and snow gear, the hike offers Pam the serenity for reflection, as well as some mind-clearing physical exertion. One misstep sends us the flashback of why this day and climb is so important to Pam; but it's a trail of sneaker tracks in the snow that change the day every bit as much as the approaching storm that caused her to cut the hike short.Those sneaker tracks are a recognizable sign of trouble to an experienced climber, nurse, and Search and Rescue Team member. Pam follows them to a near-death man suffering from hypothermia. Since he is initially non-responsive, she calls him "John" (Billy Howle, ON CHESIL BEACH, 2017) and proceeds to coax, drag, and all but carry him as they begin the slow battle down against the mountain and the weather elements. As he regains some semblance of awareness, John makes it clear he doesn't want to be rescued and was trying to end his life on the mountain. Pam ignores this and sternly informs him that she will not leave him behind.Cinematographer Michal Englert does a terrific job of capturing both the beauty and danger, although there is one close-up of Pam's whistle that seems a bit out of place (minor quibble). Filmed in Slovenia (as a stand-in for New Hampshire), the weather and the view are co-stars with Ms. Watts, and the blizzard is blinding and treacherous, making Pam's actions even more incredible. The film can be taken as the story of one woman's determination, but it can also show how grief is powerful ... and so is a helping hand. One person can certainly have a dramatic impact on the life of another and the way this real-life ordeal played out is quite interesting. Ty Gagne's was the first to publish Pam's story in his article, "Footprints in the Snow lead to an Emotional Rescue" in New Hampshire Union Leader. As always, the film earns bonus points for including "Katie Belle Blue" by Townes Van Zandt ... and we can relate to Pam's difficulty in singing along. The likelihood of Naomi Watts taking on a comedy seems remote, as she's already slated for a remake of the 2014 Australian horror movie, GOODNIGHT MOMMY.
1 All you need to know about this is that snow is fake!!! She was probably sweating in that winter clothing in balmy temperature with fake snow thrown thru industrial-sized fans.Nothing else makes sense. She is search and rescue who is walking out for no good reason??? And so on. Don't bother!
3 In action-drama "Infinite Storm" troubled, middle-aged, loner mountain-rescue woman Naomi Watts hikes her regular trails up New Hamshire's beautiful Mt Washington, but when a forecast storm hits near the top she finds Billy Howle stranded, out of it, wearing sneakers & apparent 'beach' wear - so she sets about bringing him down. From one repetitive 'accident' to the next the clock drags as audience & characters alike feel the visceral pain of them never seeming to progress... and btw once down the miserably downbeat tone still doesn't let up. Writer Joshua Rollins & director Malgorzata Szumowska missed the mark in this 'uplifting' true-tale as it's an infinite dirge.
1 I was trained by a state search & rescue squad, in both rescue and wilderness survival. The abysmal inaccuracies of this movie, for mere "dramatic" effect, are an apalling insult to all rescue workers.A rescue worker knows the symptoms of severe hypothermia. This movie pretends that trained rescue squad worker Pam Bales did not, when her screen character asks questions about substance abuse. It pretends that she suffered life threating missteps, contrary to her actual skills.The movie ignores the very serious issues which had lead the "victim" hiker to his predicament."Based on a true story" -- is about as accurate as saying that because Andr Gregory and Wallace Shawn have each eaten dinner, then "My Dinner With Andre" was "based" on a "true story."
5 You lost me at the confetti in her mouth that was supposed to be snow. Come on...even very cold snow melts in the mouth. Shame on the props folks.And, Ok, I can wait until the end of a movie for the big reveal, but then it had better be worth it emotionally.
1 Very bad I was looking at the clock every 2 minutes.Was waiting to get better with some action but it never happen.Waste 90 minutes of my life.Very disappointed of Naomi Watts.
6 This could be a really good documentary type of film. However, the contents need to be more. The whole film was so slow, seems like not enough story to tell?
1 What a waste of time and money. Slow and boring throughout. The acting was the only thing that gives it 1 star  instead of 0. Stay home or choose another movie.
2 Just don't watch this movie. Boring, unrealistic and just utterly crap. I would advise to save yourself the time and effort and watch a proper movie. There is no good build up, Naomi Watts' acting is fine, but John?Ahw well, just ignore this movie.
6 For those of us returning to cinemas post-pandemic, this was a visual joy: wide-screen snowy mountains, a looming and belting storm, an engaging out-doors woman. Be prepared to suspend disbelief, as this search-and-rescue person shows poor judgement and sets off seemingly ill-equipped into a storm, technically un-proficient in doing a self-rescue from a snow well.Rather over-done rescue sequence of seemingly suicidal man who at times didn't seem worth saving.Also a notable gaffe as the action was supposed to take place in November, but the times projected on the screen show sunup at 6AM and still light in the sky at 7:30PM, too long a day for that time of year.Some pardonable melodrama, but still oddly satisfying in the end.
1 Stay away from the fake reviews.This is doomed from scene 1.Which person in a proper state of mind will go out hiking when the weather is bad and continues when it gets worse? It's our dumb female lead, walking and screaming hello and whistling.Ok, it's a movie. So what. Spare us this trash.Just skip this one and watch a cartoon instead.
4 I agree with GrassRootsGuy. There were somethings that did not feel right from the start. One scene its sunny, the next its a blizzard, then the wind is howling yet the trees in the background are not moving. She's supposedly an experienced climber yet was going up paths that are clearly not suitable for hiking and not exotic or interesting either, just risky to climb, which was plainly stupid - no one would walk up in real life its just an actor getting direction to go up some loose rocks that clearly shows they have no knowledge of mountains.The mountain top should have been a wild, hard to get place but it is clearly a beauty spot that anyone with mild fitness can reach, if there was no fake wind.It felt like some armature cinematographers, producers, directors doing their first movie.This was very off putting, I could not finish but wanted to know what's the story about so I read the plot! Then the reviews all said the same thing so I was glad for not wasting the renaming hour on this.Good effort, try again.
7 The universe is an infinite storm of beauty and sadness.Based on a true story, we have a survival drama about a climber who tried to save a man and herself from a blizzard.As part of the genre where the main character overcomes trauma through others, even though Infinite Storm is not deeply profound like Drive My Car, it was still had its impact.The first 2/3rd was just the rescue part. The pacing was very slow, but there's compensation from the beautiful shots of the snowy mountains. However, Naomi Watts's solid performance was the main factor that invested me in the whole rescue mission.After that, the story transitioned into the personal overcoming that it actually set out to be. The background of the characters were depressing, and I liked how the characters connected with each other. However, this transition felt abrupt, as it should have been more gradual like how Drive My Car did. The pacing here also picked up, but it was too quick. The structural and pacing problems reduced the strong impact that this movie could have achieve.Overall, I liked the message and the performance, but the story's structure hindered the movie. 7-7.5/10.
4 When are these movie producers going to start making movies at the true locations? This is a true story that happened on Mount Washington, yet the mountains look like the Rockies. Does ANYONE in Hollywood know ANYTHING at all about the geography of the world? Mount Washington, even though it is one of the harshest environments in the world, is only 6288 ft. High. I have been to the top of Mt. Washington and it is known as the rock pile for a reason. It is not a jagged peak!!! As soon as one of these movies has such a glaring error, it is REALLY hard to believe anything after that.
3 If you have any experience climbing or backpacking, this movie is not for you. It is obvious they have no knowledgeable actors or advisors on this film about a supposedly experienced climber. The star character makes numerous very basic mistakes in the first 20 minutes of this film and it gets worse after the actual storm starts. The terrain is not very difficult but it is treated like K2 or Everest and watching the carelessness they exhibit to stretch out the life-threatening situation for the duration of the film is painful.I only gave it a three since the acting and filming is not bad. Other than that, this is a hard pass.
2 Love is Gaspar Noe's latest film. It's essentially porn. Long, drawn out sequences of sex throughout. But there's a story, and that's what could be interesting about this film. Not since the early 70's has pornographic films experimented telling actual stories instead of just getting straight to business. Nymphomaniac is the last film of the modern era that attempted this, and it absolutely blew me away. This would've been fascinating, but instead, it's PAINFULLY boring. The story line and dialogue sucks. I didn't feel for anyone in this film. The acting was extremely stilted, but in porn films that's pretty much the norm. The cinematography is the only standout. It's beautiful to look at, as most Gaspar Noe films are. However, I despised the black screen that would appear every time there was a cut. As well as the many shots of the main character standing inside a doorway with his back turned to the camera, listening to an annoying voicemail. Why did he do that? Why would he think that would work? If there's a profound reason for those two editing decisions, I'd like to know.. not that it would make me feel any differently, I still hate it. Love is not only a missed opportunity, it's a film I'll never remember, or want to remember.
3 As an erotic film, ticks all the boxes. The cinematography is vivid, However, the storyline is all over the place, the acting is lifeless, and the scene changes jarring.
2 Let's face it. Somehow this thing got legitimized by using more expensive film and hi tech movie equipment. I can just see the guys sitting there drooling because this is somehow a mainstream movie. "Look, dear. This is an art film like the ones you are always talking about. I really don't see anything more than a bunch of explicit sex which I could pick up at any adult movie outlet if I wanted to. Of course, it could have been redeemed if there had been something new about it. The problem is that it is just plain boring. The characters are tiresome and unappealing. The plot is virtually nonexistent. Yes, there is a bit of decent cinematography, but even that is pretentious and "artsy." It takes away the simple presentation of the story (such as it is), and when these flashy scenes show up, they are just such obvious eye candy. Don't bother.
3 I have nothing against sex. I love it, I love watching it but this was painful. The sex was hot but the story and the acting was terrible. I think it was not worth it and very very long. I can see what the director was trying to do but he missed the mark. For the same kind of story with the sex dial down and the story dial up I would suggest The Dreamers. This story could be told in about 30 min, add maybe 30 min to get invested in the characters and that would be good. 2h is way to long for this and 5 min sex scene every 10 min is too much. Like the title says. Watch porn it will be more fulfilling.Now for the actual review. The plot is simple. It is a guy reflecting on a past relationship. The guy is a little to dysfunctional to be in a healthy one but it is not extreme. The only real question you have during the movie does not get answered and that is about it. I would not recommend this to anyone.
1 Love, as it is titled, should be called Bored Whiny Man Child. This dirge clocks in at a whopping 2 hours and 15 minutes. I had to stop, walk away for a while and then return to watch this sniffling character act out his hypocrisy in such myopic detail. The relationship between the two principal characters is like oil and water. The only thing they share is a voracious appetite for sex, lots and lots of sex. The add a third person into the mix who winds up getting pregnant by the guy which leads to the main couple breaking up. Since they all were in a mnage  trois, that shouldn't have been an issue but it was. The female leaves him and we spend the rest of the film exploring his memories of her and him having more sex. They participate in orgies and he gets mad because she's having sex with other guys. He can had fun but she can't. If your life is nothing but the sex, why should that matter especially if he can participate and she can't? And there lies the quagmire with this presentation. This guy is totally immature. You become bored with him and with him having sex. Closeups of him with his exploding orgasms weren't shocking, innovative, wanted or move the picture along. After a while, you just want this story to just wrap up. You wonder what is the point? There is nothing redeeming about it. The other female character who has had his child is completely ignored. She is just another prop instead of exploring that dynamic of how they are dealing with a child together. Instead, we find his character crying in the bathtub with the toddler. And you have to ask yourself once again, the time he and his old girlfriend were together appears to be at least three years because you have to factor in the time the girl was pregnant and then you jump in time to see a toddler at least two years old. So why did his old girlfriend/s mother call him about her and why did he just started thinking about someone who hasn't been in his life for a long time? The writing was just poor. This guy was suppose to be some aspiring filmmaker. He is neither aspiring or making films and filming your naked girlfriend on a small video camera doesn't qualify you one bit. That aspect of the character was totally ignored as well. This was just bad. If you want to see if because of the unsimulated sex scenes, I would advise just watch some 5 minute porn clip and avoid this colossus time waster.
8 'Love' will most likely be discredited by many due to it's sheer honesty, like many films of it's kind are. Yet this honesty, as brutal and daring as it might seem, feels necessary to connect with and understand what the characters are going through, on an entirely new emotional level. In the words of Murphy, Gaspar Noe might have made the only movie that truly depicts 'sentimental sexuality'. 'Love' has many subtle and not-so-subtle references to the underlying story and to the director himself. Gaspar's mother is named Nora Murphy, while Murphy's son is named Gaspar and Electra's ex boyfriend - Noe. His favorite movie is Kubrick's '2001', while hers is Lang's 'M', both of which seem to fuel Murphy and Electra's behavior throughout the movie, where Murphy is often aimlessly overwhelmed with hope and desire, while Electra seems unable to forgive.Gaspar Noe constantly cuts through the past and the future, using the techniques he is so familiar with since Irreversible. The movie abruptly switches between various stages of Murphy's and Electra's relationship, always cutting back to the present, where Murphy's is in absolute emotional agony and despair, raising a child with Clara. At times Murphy and Electra are so deeply engrained in one another that their fights and dialogues seem outright comical and immature, as if we are observing a 16 year- old couple. But this is truly where 'Love' stands out. Being in love feels and looks exactly like this, it's raw, emotional and brutal yet foggy and sweet; when no one else exists or matters.In one of Electra's and Murphy's conversations they talk about the sad reality that they are going nowhere and dragging each other down, they discuss taking a break. It is an extremely sad and emotional scene, where the thought itself brings so much fear into them, that they simply end up holding each other even tighter.The script for 'Love' is only 7 pages long. It is full of beautiful and weird dialogues and extremely emotional, 'free-played' graphic scenes. These scenes however are not there to impress the viewer or open the doors to the unknown. This is also not a nymphomaniac-like sexual exploration. Gaspar Noe does a masterful job in showing us the true emotional aspect of love, in it's raw and relatable form, sex.The sound-score is stunning, with the music gradually changing depending on the mood and the context of the scenes. Even though a lot of times it seems like we are watching the same people 'fuck' in the same positions, different context, feelings and music make each of these scenes truly unique and mesmerizing on it's own. Noe also does a wonderful job in his minimalistic depiction of the story and the scenery. Murphy and Electra always wear contrasting colors, while the background is usually very simple yet fitting to them both. As if to say that when in love, everything should be seen through the eyes of the lovers. 'Love' might sometimes seem silly, overly graphic and way too sentimental, yet it hits all the right notes.
7 I know I only rated it a seven out of ten but that's because I admit this film's faults. It certainly isn't near perfect but I felt very moved by the characters and their story. Lots of people may not be able to relate to this film however those of us that do can say that everything about this depiction of love has been experienced and is real. As a grown single adult living in today's dating world I can attest that the relationship between Murphy and Electra exists. Their obsession with each other and with sex that led them into a deep and possibly unreal infatuation was honest and thought provoking. Love sometimes doesn't make sense and can't be described or made logical. Their connection was what drove them into darkness, madness and despair. Love is completely all consuming on any level it's represented on. So many times have I given myself up for something that a year later I looked back on and couldn't reconcile my behavior, and so many times have I given myself up to something to only sabotage it before it completely devoured me. I don't know if I have been in love, but I have felt what these characters are going through and I wouldn't know what else to call it. In the vein of Harmony Korine and Lars von Trier I think Gasper Noe is a genius. Yes this movie is uncomfortable, yes the acting isn't great and yes the story is dry, but it's a genuine take on what relationships look like for some people in their mid twenties to early thirties and I loved every second of it.
1 Porn disguised as an artsy love story. 95% of the movie was sex and the rest was going to clubs, drinking, and drugs. Did these people even have jobs? Do yourself a favor and watch a porno. At least they have plots.
8 The script is laughable and the acting (often voice-over), too. The 3D sex is well marketed. And yes, during certain scenes people got up and left. Yet. The film doesn't argue to be anything beyond a meandering stroll into the gallows melancholy. And it does this very very well. The film features no highbrow intellectual conversations but instead, favors the same lines you've probably slung at your lovers. Again and again and again. Just like the sex you've had with your lovers again and again and again. You know their bodies and you know how to please them and above all, you know how to hurt them. Sorrow. There's a resplendent simplicity here that hypnotizes the viewer.You hear music banging inside the club, yet the lovers are outside in halflight. Having sex, obviously. This is a good image of what this film surprisingly achieves best: intimacy. And it fights for that with it's magnificent camera-work and editing.But what would this review be if it didn't talk about the 3D sex? Love and cinema are inseparable. Love stories are why you stick glued to a chair for a couple of hours. Raw sex is part of love, yet, films used to cut to birds necking after a kiss. Then it became steamy windows. Signs, metaphors, analogies, semiotic nausea. And here, No takes that away which makes the film even coarser, and ultimately more brutal.I wanted to write this review because the whole marketing ("finally a love story restricted for -16) and shock value (an eye-rolling warning in the opening credits) have cheapened what this film has achieved and I encourage viewers to look beyond.
4 Had potential...but wastes it on cheap publicity stunts and a plot that goes nowhereA man, Murphy, is stuck in a dead-end relationship with a woman he doesn't love. The couple also have an unplanned young son, adding to Murphy's feelings of being trapped. He starts to think of his previous girlfriend - Electra, how perfect everything was, and how and why everything fell apart. Then he learns that she has disappeared...The movie had potential. The intrigue of the disappearance of Electra, the regret that their (perfect) relationship didn't work out, the suffocating relationship he is currently in, his depression over where everything has ended up - these all made for some interesting potential paths for the movie.But, alas, it was not meant to be.None of these threads go anywhere. In the end, nothing is resolved and there is no point to the whole long exercise. And, yes, it is a long exercise - 2 1/4 hours, with about half of that made up of padding. So many scenes which add nothing to the movie, and just make you more bored.From the start you know it is going to be a long, drawn-out affair - the pacing is slow from the beginning - but you hope to be rewarded with something profound at the end. No such luck.What the movie will be most remembered for is its explicit sex scenes. While not really that new anymore (Nine Songs, anyone?), many of the scenes are just there for shock / controversy / publicity value. Sad to see that Gaspar Noe has ended up making pretentious crap like this. Irreversible was brilliant and heralded Noe as director to be followed. However, since then he hasn't made a decent movie. His previous movie, Enter the Void, was even more pointless and pretentious than Love. He is turning out to be a one-hit wonder.
1 "Love" opens with the kind of sex scene that was once only seen in hard-core porn but which now seems to be the norm in mainstream cinema. Needless to say, if hard-core porn isn't your bag or indeed the films of Gaspar Noe, perhaps it's best you give "Love" a miss. Indeed, if you enjoy the pleasures cinema usually offers then I would give "Love" a miss too. Noe is, of course, a master of controversy and his films are famous for both explicit sex and violence. They also tend to be visually imaginative but badly written and acted and "Love" is no exception, except perhaps that it's even more badly written and acted than most.With a title like "Love", of course, you might think the violence level will be minimal and you'd be right but "Love" isn't so much concerned with love, (the word is used a tad too often for my liking), but sex and lots of it and in 3D, too. This is a two-and-a-quarter hour porn movie but if it's porn you're after, just ditch this rubbish and stick with the real McCoy. Not that I needed proof, but this sure proves Noe is probably the most overrated director alive.
3 It is a 2:04 hours movie.Take out all the scenes where they present you with genitalia and you have a bit over one hour left. If it was a philosophical movie, perhaps there would be a part of the sex sequences that carried more meaning - but there is no such relief in this movie.We are presented with a stereotypical immature, selfish, arrogant, possessive young male studying cinema in Paris - apparently only to get stoned and laid. He meets this sweet, proactive, sexually empowered young woman that also enjoys drugs. Not the least stereotypical, as she falls for him with deep and unbridled love. His love is also deep but he is the villain here, so he get as many other women as the time not having sex with his official one allows.She notices it (who wouldn't, at this rate?) and tells him she also has had her escapades. He makes scene after scene, including beating up her lover (an ex- boyfriend). He tries to bully a police officer inside a police station.She stands by him in another stereotypical situation.Then this monster gets the pretty blonde underage neighbour girl pregnant. This is where she draws the line. Notwithstanding the fact that she was the one that suggested they get another woman in bed. Despite the fact that she made the move to invite the blondie.Then she goes down into a spiral of drugs and alcohol, shutting him off her life completely.Once more, stereotypes.He keeps the blondie, they have a little boy (that he names after the child he and the lost love dreamt to have together - stereotype, anyone?) and, as he drags himself in a pool of self-pity and despair (which does not go unnoticed by said blondie), comes the news that the original girl has been missing for a couple of months.Then he spends a full day calling people to try and find her. In the meanwhile, blondie leaves with the boy, telling him to finish his past so they could have a future.Obviously, he doesn't find her - which doesn't preclude his opium- induced dreams of her to interrupt all the time.There is a very awkward scene with him and the child in the bathtub, after blondie's face tells us she will leave him.And the movie ends with him and original girl embraced under the shower professing endless love and protection.Oh! Did I mention that it is partly filmed backwards, as 'Irreversible' was? By the way, they used a very similar setting - an underground passage - in one of the sequences. Check it out: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0290673/?ref_=nv_sr_1 Or that this theme of intense, destructive, drugged and short-lived love was way better portrayed in 'More'? Also, a good part of the soundtrack comes from Pink Floyd.... See it: (http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064694/?ref_=fn_al_tt_2In other words, apart from all the sex, this is a derivative, shallow and unworthy movie...The '3' I gave the movie is for photography and soundtrack. Really good in all scenes, conveys mood and context.The rest is crap.
6 ... and no I am not talking about the characters in the film, I am talking about what happens when an A-list director "falls in love" with the idea of doing a sexually explicit film.I want to be clear about this and I think the data will bear me out. Make a list of all the films in the last 100 years by A-list directors who felt confident they could infringe on territory formerly occupied only by the porn industry and still prevail with a hit film...? Are you done? I will save you time. I did the list myself. And the answer is none, zero, zip, nada.Just like there are in the porn industry a handful of directors who constantly try to push the boundaries of their craft into the mainstream (which almost always means soft light and lots of white sheets, films that most resemble a commercial for TIDE) Noe, a brilliant artiste (Irreversible and Enter the Void were both brilliant) tried to push the envelope .. and ended up with junk mail.Sure, if you are determined to see a silk purse where others are seeing a sow's ear, you could pretend that this film has a great deal to say about men's expectations about love and marriage.But this is a review just between the writer and the reader, and we respect each other too much to lie. So I will be clear -- Noe went where angels fear to tread. And ended up with a film that, for posterity, is simply not going to make his A-reel.
3 Having just come back from the UK Premier, I can honestly say, that was quite simply appalling. Only Kill Your Friends is a worse film of 2015.I absolutely loved Enter the Void with a passion, the poster has been my iPhone screen saver ever since. It was slick, stylish, sexy and trippy.Love, however fails to deliver on so many levels. I get what the director was trying to achieve here, but it just doesn't work due to the appalling acting from the very unlikable main character. Where on earth did they get him from? Was he the only actor who was willing to show his erect cock on the cinema screen? His lines are delivered with such a flat misanthropic moribund tone that you can't believe anything he says. The voice over just adds to the car crash. Its a film which lacks any real emotion or chemistry.If you want to watch a gritty film with real emotions watch Blue is the Warmest Colour and 9 Songs. Caspar Noe, you have let us done badly here. Go back to making in your face trippy films.
1 are these people crazy or what i mean what in the blue hell is this how is this even called a film & how did it get released i like erotic films but this is just pure garbage.love 2015 is a desperate attempt by the makers to sell porn in the name of art sadly it fails.love is a wrong title this film should have been called lust,films like these that justify wrong things in society should be banned.this is some sick fantasy or a pervert thats it there is no story in this film just sex and vulgarity what can you say about a film that opens with a hand job scene that lasts for 5 minutes.after watching this filth my reaction was crazy i wondered for a long time about what was the reaction of people who saw this in the theaters,can you imagine only.the main characters are biggest cheats ever the whole 2 hours they are having sex,clubbing & then more sex.the camera-work is lousy,music sucks & acting oh please don't ask all of the actors were terrible.i am believing for once second that someone actually wrote a script for this nonsense.if you want a better film try some of those Shannon Tweed soft core movies from 90s decade or if you want hardcore simply buy porn but stay away from this stupidity.Love 2015 has nothing to see if you enjoy crass cheap cinema then this is for you my rating is 1/10,its a waste of time and money.Skipp it
6 While I didn't try to think of the song, the line "Baby don't hurt me ... don't hurt me no more" came to mind. And it's not like it doesn't suit or fit with the movie (if you excuse the pun). And let's get this out of the way straight ahead: If you didn't or don't already know, this movie has scenes of explicit sex in it. And it begins with a masturbation scene, to shock you right out of the gate (or those who will be offended by it of course).It goes without saying that this is full of nudity. You may not have seen this actors before, but you'll see everything of them in this. It's not only being naked physically, but also mentally. Laying emotions out there and going through motions (literally and metaphorically) is draining. Both for the actors and the viewers. The story is simple. It's about love or the idea of it.Which brings us back to our initial question. Are we able to appreciate what we have? Or do we long for things we can't have? Can we be happy with the person we spend our time or is the temptation for something new too big? Obviously that depends on the individual and their "world" view. Also their emotional state. The movie is as you can tell not an easy watch ... for multiple reasons. The message is clear though ...
21 December 2016 This film tells the story of a man trapped with his wife and child, yet he keeps on thinking about his ex-girlfriend who is not contactable. The story then winds back in time to tell how his relationships with his ex-girlfriend and his wife come about.I have heard about the gratuitous explicit sex scenes in the film, and indeed there is a prolonged sex scene every five minutes. The story is quite interesting, as the man reflects and reminisces about Elektra, who is so adventurous that she becomes increasingly unstable. The problems encountered by the man are quite real life, and viewers can easily relate to his situation. What strikes me is that the lighting effects of the film is very remarkable, the use of focused lighting enhances the mood a lot. The slow strobe effect in the swingers' club is captivating. Overall, "Love" is worth a watch as it depicts real life relationship problems.
2 It put me to sleep on one of those night that my insomnia reared its ugly head. Not sure why this movie was made because it was neither entertaining nor informative nor thought provoking. It was actually boring from the fist scene to the last. That took some talent I guess.
6 I always have problems with beginnings  the beginning of an article, the beginning of a film, the beginning of a relationship, simply because beginnings are crucial in setting the tone and pattern that will lead you all the way through till the end. Naturally being affected by all the negative social media propaganda that Gaspar No's Love (2015) has stirred, I was reluctant to even begin watching it because I am inclined to believe that films with explicit sexual content (except for Lars von Trier's Nymphomaniac, and I will tackle why in another review) are made either to sell like cheap porn for lucrative reasons or to assume a false air of originality and experimentation. I have finally decided to watch Love after it was recommended by a trusted friend of mine, and at the end of the day, one has to constantly push their limits in terms of artistic tolerance.Back to the beginnings, Love begins with a three-minute scene taken in one shot by a steady camera of two people having what seems to be  and what actually turns out to be  unsimulated sex. After overcoming my feelings of discomfort, I started to understand what the Argentinian director is trying to do here. Is it a pornographic scene? It definitely is. But is it meant to be sexually arousing? I would have to argue for a no. Sexual excitement requires a certain amount of build-up, but jumping directly and unexpectedly into the act generates nothing but feelings of shock and unease that would need some time to fade away.The story then unfolds in a backward linear plot. We are introduced to Murphy (the man in the opening sex scene), a frustrated young man who lives in a small apartment in Paris with his detached girlfriend and their son. The memory-evoked reversed narrative is instigated by a voice message he receives from the mother of his ex-girlfriend Electra (the woman from the opening sex scene), asking for his help to find her daughter. The man and the woman from the first sex scene are no longer strangers; we get to see how they broke up, how they managed their relationship, and finally how they met, with a heap of very long unsimulated sex scenes in between.As a voyeur (a person who discreetly watches other people in intimate, usually sexual, positions) I was extremely confused since the enjoyment element was missing. Is it because the sex scenes were too many, too long, too real, or too unnecessary? In one of the scenes Murphy says, as a cunning gesture to voice Gaspar No's desire, his biggest dream is to make a movie like no other that truly portrays sentimental sexuality. He also tells Electra: "I want to make movies out of blood, sperm and tears. This is like the essence of life. I think movies should contain that, perhaps should be made of that." Well, we see a lot of sperm and tears in that film, there is no doubt about it. It is true Love depicts relationships from an exceptionally crude, raw angle I have never seen before. Sex in cinema  and in life in general  is an uncanny subject; it lies at the essence of everything, everybody knows it is there, yet nobody talks about it overtly.. not in realistic terms at least. The film feels emotionally real. Too real. And not just when it comes to sex, but also to dialogue and performance. In one scene, Murphy tries to get Electra back and he keeps knocking on her door, after a few seconds she opens the door, apparently under the influence of drugs, and screams at him in the most deranged manner you could ever imagine. The camera does not move; it feels like a terrified neighbor watching the scene from the stairs. Most of the camera movement and angles follow the same pattern throughout the movie: the neutral uninvolved medium shot. Mid-film I realized it was not the sex scenes that made me uncomfortable but the fact that the film is devoid of any cinematic, stylistic euphemisms. In conventional romantic films, there is an invisible line separating the romantic from the sexual  love from desire. The subtle message is always: love is sublime and desire is vulgar. The reality of the things, and as presented in the film, is that both are inseparable in their sublimity and vulgarity.I cannot tell for sure whether I like it or not. Cinema, as Slavoj iek puts it, is "the ultimate pervert art" because it does not directly satisfy our desires but manipulates them. It does not show us our capabilities, but give us the illusion that we are capable. Cinema draws the line between imagination and reality and keeps crisscrossing the boundary: it takes imaginary elements and roots them in reality, and sugarcoats real elements in imaginary wraps. The trick is not to call a spade a spade, i.e. not to place two firm feet on one side of the spectrum; otherwise you would shake the balance between reality and imagination that the viewer cannot find in real life.Whatever your sentiments are towards the film, No  purposefully or inadvertently  raises some important issues: what if cinema does away with the aesthetics of presentational euphemism? Would it undermine its role as an artistic medium? Would it put the viewer on the defensive, being constantly faced with the unrefined reality of what (s)he dreads/desires?The way I see it is that No created an extremely stimulating film, not sexually as he probably desired but intellectually and sentimentally.I'm grateful I watched Love alone and had the chance to struggle with and make sense of all those feelings and thoughts by myself. I can imagine how uncomfortable it would be watching it in a movie theater with other people, let alone how the actors felt while shooting!
6 Set in France, 'Love' is one of those arty films that features explicit sexual activity. Director Gaspar No reportedly said he wanted to create a film featuring a 'love story seen from a sexual point of view'; did he succeed?The film opens with American student Murphy getting a handjob from French girl Electra while he in turn fingers her - um - front bottom. This all seems very nice, but flash forward a few years and we see Murphy living unhappily with a different Frenchwoman (Omi), the mother of his young child. How he got from pleasant afternoon handjobs to dissatisfied (though responsible) domesticity forms the narrative of the film.There's a heavily improvised feel - and not just in the sex scenes: the more routine conversations are well played, but the frequent arguments/shouting matches are unfocused and boringly repetitive. Lead actors Karl Glusman, Aomi Muyock and Klara Kristin - the latter two apparently never having acted before being cast in this film - are competent (when they're not shouting). Muyock, especially, does a creditable job in showing Electra's rapid descent from wholesome student to attention-seeking slapper. The sex scenes are not the cold affairs some reviewers report them to be: true, they're not the height of eroticism, but they're enjoyable enough, with all three leads looking attractive sans clothes.And although the film being shot in 3D didn't add anything for me, I have to admit it made for an unusual money shot...
1 This film is literally a 90 minute porno hiding behind a 2 hour art film. Everything about it is bad. The editing is horrific, every single shot is separated by a half second of a pure black screen. The script is bad. BAAAD. No one has anything resembling a likable personality, there is no plot, the dialogue is stupid at best. The acting... well, these people weren't hired for their acting talent. They were hired because they were willing to get naked and have unsimulated sex on film. This film shows random sex scenes every chance it can. Also it's homophobic and transphobic, there is a scene played totally for laughs where the main guy freaks out over a transgendered woman. OH and if you're an epileptic, avoid this because the director seems to enjoy giving people seizures with random flashing lights.Literally the only thing about this that's in any way well done is the sex, and you can see better sex in actual porn films. Just go rent a porno, you'll get more enjoyment out of it and you won't have to deal with this horribly made 'film'.
6 I don't really know what to think. Would never let myself say this film was bad, it really wasn't in terms of cinematography. But what is good cinematography with a crap story. This is my problem with Noe, if only he could have a good screenwriter, sometimes I think. The style and leaps of time are still very attractive to me. It seems that the whole film is a stream of consciousness of Murphy. But honestly, I hated the female actress for the role, whoever she was, I thought the casting was done very poorly.After watching irreversible, Love was considerably weaker and worse. Again, the use of color was something... remarkable, the editing, the pacing, everything in terms of production were great. But I keep realizing that great production with a bad story does not have much value.
1 I'm not going to waste a lot of time reviewing this... the IMDb description says Electra is unstable - sorry, nothing wrong with Electra... Murphy on the other hand is profoundly mentally ill. The movie should have been called "Borderline Personality Disorder". The writing is pure high school and Karl Glusman is as wooden as any slab rider on CSI. There is essentially no plot and none of the characters evokes any response in me - well maybe loathing for Murphy - what an (expletive) excretory orifice! His violence and his justification for his mindless violence - "I'm an American an we fight for what's ours blah blah" - the police don't stick him in jail but befriend him - what? He's with hot Electra and they go to a sex club - he has few women whilst there but loses his tiny mind when he finds her with a guy and a woman (a dream scenario) - hello stupid - it's Paris not Des Moines!! Why would you go/stay in Paris if you're a narrow minded pillock? This reviewing effort is far more than this abomination deserves - it's not even worth fast forwarding to the amateurish sex scenes (clearly directed by a 14 year old). In a just world this would be a career ender for all involved.
2 I clicked on this film accidentally on Netflix, and was intrigued with the plot premise and the shocking opening scene of sex. Continued watching and found that this movie was titillating but only on the most superficial level. The constant and long sex scenes actually got boring. The threeway sex scene was actually annoyingly staged and filmed. The actors were all pretty, yet none of them pulled off demonstrating realistic impressions of orgasming.I think Murphy is an overt representation of the director himself, especially when Murphy said he wanted to film a movie about "sentimental sexuality." Yet later in the film, Murphy tears Electra's whole life to shreds verbally, saying the most vile, relationship-ending things he could about her to her. That's love ? How is that a view of sentimental sexuality ? Murphy degrades as a person and boyfriend throughout the film, becoming repulsive (not that he was impressive from the beginning either.) Then, after Electra and him are long over, after he abused her mentally and drove her away, after he obsessed about and stalked her, then he's a pathetic baby wishing he still had her. So much for the guy who says he's not going to be ruled by (his desire for female parts.) This film should have been called "Toxic Masculinity" because that's what it truly represents: how a man can worship a woman as his ideal sexualised object, and then absolutely stomp on her self-esteem and person verbally and emotionally. Surprised he didn't try to beat her, too. How is it sentimental when the entire film, he worships her in retrospect (and apparently for real during the beginning of their relationship) but then throws it away in an instant when Electra goes out of town for some sex with Omi ? The most chilling thing about the film is, how he almost could have gotten away with it, had the condom not broke, had Omi not gotten pregnant. But then again, how stupid can you be when having sex with your immediate neighbor in the building, and expecting her to keep the secret anyways?? This film accomplishes the opposite of what it maybe intended. It doesn't illuminate "love" at all. It makes men look like narcissistic who just want to own women and push them around. Sorry, that's not love in my book. But what I despised the most was sitting through the entirety of this dragging, anti-erotic film, only to have NO idea at the end what actually happened to Electra. Seriously made me sit through this narcissistic drivel, for that ???
9 Honestly, this is the first movie I ever watched from this director and I am amazed. I found his name by searching for directors similar to Nicolas Winding Refn.To get right to it, the opening scene is a little shocking but its cause I'm an american and used to movies not showing that stuff right off the bat. But it wasn't anything to get freaked out or something that would make me walk out of the theater.Once you get over the fact that it is sex then you start to analyse the scenes. Notice how Electra doesnt seem entirely there in the threesome. He is more into the other girl than her. I took this as a foreshadowing moment which this director did a lot of in the movie. Notice how its always sex with the two of them.Something that struck me was he always used the phone while standing in a doorway. This is another element to his character. It reveals a lot about their relationship as a hole.The music score is great and I picked up on the Pink Floyd songs. Another great attempt at foreshadowing.But, the one thing that really got me was the use of colours. Notice the red green orange and yellow that pops up from time to time. I believe red means pain, orange means love, green is fear and yellow is shy. The scene at the party where he messes around with the girl in the bathroom. Notice how the entire room is red and the bathroom is green. He is afraid at first to mess around with the girl because of Electra. But if you paid attention the scene prior when the two were talking to each other in front of Electra, they were in a red room and you couldn't help but feel the pain from electra as she had to watch him flirt.The entire movie is really about his narcissism and it plays well. I'd really like a sequel in which its in her point of view. To watch the same scenes over but get her thoughts would really make this come full circle.
1 It's a joke of a movie, it's so weird that in this age of intellect and creativity.. people can make a movie like this . Never expected Akshay to make a movie like this what a waste ..
1 First you build a character of director who wants to make movie, sure good enough. Then she fools her own best friend Arshad Warsi, not giving the role in the script and than the whole emotions for a possible conflict is thrown away.Then we build a story of Akshay Kumar, and even unnecessary love story, fuses story of Rangastalam movie's ending and fool him to make him be a caricature of his own personality.And the director who makes movies, should be understanding character have no sensible understanding of how the gangster really is. Seriously!The Kriti Senon as a Director got to be more dumb than whole people who have no ground reality situation.They used 3 4 film's story from Tamil to Telugu's two different movies and made KACHARAA FILM.. It's seriously one of the stupiest film ever. There is seriously some problem with writer, direction.
1 Too many cooks spoils the broth this line is so true for this movie. There are 6 writers for this movie which is not even an original story. Bollywood has to give it's audience good content to watch otherwise with these types of flashy nonsensical, non-original movies will slowly start to keep audiences away from threater. There is nothing good about this movie not even songs, actors like Pankaj Tripathi has been wasted and producer-director seems to bank on one person's stardom, this is not going to work. STOP MAKING THESE TYPES OF MOVIES.
1 We should not waste our time, money and positive energy in these wasteful 3 hours drama of non sense action, songs. Instead we should do reading or even watch good movies again.
1 So much loud annoying bgm, cringy acting, story is non existent, very bad copy movie. You guys don't even know how to make copy of a copy of a Korean movie ..
1 Boring movie , akshay is repetitive acting is unbearable, i think its time to boycott bollywood , total time waste, they cant even make remake good. They cant copy, watch instead telugu version.
1 He can't act and giving the same old cringeworthy expressions which we are used to by his garbage movies. If you want to watch the better movie on same subject, watch the Tamil remake 'Jigarthanda' or the original South Korean movie 'A dirty carnival'.
1 Zero story and poor direction so naturally acting is sub-standard. Avoid and invest your money by watching TKF once more. Director (naam hi kafi he) thought he can divert the earning of TKF by releasing this movie. But now audience is smart enough to understand the trash and treat the movie accordingly.
2 What happened to Akshay Kumar. Is he just making movies for money. Don't care about the script at all.Akshay Kumar really needs a quality check of script and maker of the movie before saying yes to do the movie.Direction and Dialogues by Farhaad Samji are the worst thing happened to with this remake.Dialogues, screenplay, Direction are just pathetic.The whole casting of this movie deserves better movie or better Director.Why... why... just why Farhad Samji getting to make movies is beyond my understanding.Are producers that stupid to trust in Farhaad Samji.They couldn't even do a Simple copy paste job in remake as well.Such a shame!!!!+ve: Cinematography and Casting-ve: Direction, Screenplay, Dialogues are the worst.2/10 which this movie deserves.It's better to watch Jigarthanda in Tamil.
1 Huge Disappointed. Bachchan Pandey is like Phata Poster Nikla Zero. Suggestions is that better to watch The Kashmiri Files One more time Or Repeat and Repeat again. Worst Film Worst Acting Worst Screenplay.
1 Producer - i don't care about money, i need a good remakeDirector- yes sir I got exactly what you want,
Boom ....BP delivered....Producer- wtf
It's the 1 worst remakes, akshay kumar and comedy might be enjoyable to northies, but damn man he's horrible,
Arshad is the best thing about this movie.
1 Another disaster of Akshay Kumar Loading. Worst film of the year. Useless acting by akshay Kumar. Disaster written all over it. Save your money don't watch it in theater. After Bell Bottom another disaster of Akshay Kumar.
1 Cant bare over acting of actors, direction is eorst, akshay kumar AKa as remake star,, please guys dont watch its a waste of money and time, 100 crores renumaration for akshay for worst moviesupport kashmiri files itsbest.
1 At the same time, the story of waste has been put, nor is it a foot to remain intoxicated. Over acting in the name of acting nonsense story in the whole picture. The more I thought it would be a better picture, the more nonsense it is. I would say only one thing, don't see, don't see.
1 Trash story, trash acting by Canadian Akshay Kumar, trash music, trash direction, trash editing, trash cinematography, trash movie. Overall everything related to this movie is freakin trash. Just like Canadian Akshay Kumar's Masooda.
1 Again remake of South Indian film. Bollywood can't make original story movie. Unnecessary songs mocking hindu culture. Total waste of time. No star should be given for such type s of movie.
1 I think this movie will be worst movie of this year. And no story and acting skills is bakwaas. Don't make a remake. Bollywood has finished because Bollywood producers have no skills of writing story, content, actions. Bollywood time is over. Now people's are not interested in watching Bollywood movies. So stop making this stupid bakwaas movies.
1 Please grow up and do some original and real. Dont take us and our money for granted. We are spending our time not to see such overacting. Its unbearable. Dont shove Akshay Kumar into our throat. Being in industry for so many years he hasnt learned acting.
2 No story and pathetic casting. Avoid please. The start gave goosebumps but just 2 mins into movie, you realise what a cartoon movie this is. Both halfs of movie are super bad.
1 I had no expectations when I watched this movie. Thank god for that ... if I had any expectation at all from the movie, it would have resulted in a bigger heartburn. One of the worst movies of all times. Calling it a disaster Is an understatement. Even Coolie No 1 (Varun Dhawan) appears like a classic in front of Bachchan Pandey.The movie is about a don in Hindi heartland Bachchan Pandey played by Akshay Kumar, who goes about mercilessly killing people. A wannabe filmmaker played by Kriti Sanon plans to make a movie on him to resurrect her film making career. While her plan is initially to write a script itself, during the course of the events she clicks him to act in the movie with hidden cameras. The final output of the movie and what happens to the characters constitutes the remainder of the movie.The acting is superficial and the casting is atrocious. Akshay Kumar just doesn't speak the usual language of the Hindi heartland. The dialogues are simply hopeless and there was not a single dialogue in the movie I remember. There was not even a single comic scene that made me laugh my heart out.Less said about the screenplay the better. I advise anyone planning to watch the movie to hold on and watch RRR that is releasing in a couple of days.
1 Senseless, Boring movie. Akki should retire now.Go feed some poor man with this money and get some blessings. Waste movie. There are other good content movies going on in cinemas which are already in 100 cr. Club. Check that out.
1 Even if I don't compare the film with it's original, this film is still boring, badly written & has nothing to offer. It doesn't bring empathy towards any character, there is no chemistry between any characters - everyone is acting like a mechanical toy that needs to be keyed every few seconds.Every actor's acting is below average. I just couldn't digest Akki in this serious role. I could digest him in Baby where he takes a serious role or for that matter even the badly made Airlift feels better.By the way why in the hell is the poster showing Akki wearing vibhuti and kumkum when there's no such scene in the film? Pathetic. And what is that spelling 'Bachchhan Paandey'??? Bollywood will mess up kids' education even with grammar and spellings. Yuck!
1 Akshay Boo-mar, kyunki ye movie dekh kar apko "booo" marne ka man hoga.Whenever you see Akshay, "boo-mar"!Boo, Boo!On a serious tone, this movie is very badly written, it is just not a good movie, at all.
1 I have watched this movie today and total waste of money. I should have watched #TheKashmirFiles. Going for it tomorrow.Please do not waste money on remake content, go for The Kashmir Files.
1 First of all, it is unbearable to see Akshay Kumar all over the place 24/7. We are so sick of his face and same acting every single time. Don't put any hopes on Kriti as it's just a pathetic script.If you're going to remake a remake, make it better. But this is one of the worst films of all time.Ask for a refund from the cinema!
10 I don't care what the critics say or the other reviews this was breathtaking. And Tessa's speech at the end was beautiful and something we all need to come to realize.The color work on this movie was gorgeous. The play out of their love story was so wonderful. And so genuine.Both leading actors did a phenomenal job!
7 The premise wasn't large enough for the movie. The actors made the love story convincing. There was great beauty in the choice of locations and images. But the lack of depth in the singular point to which the flow of the movie travelled was too superficial to anchor the film, it couldn't rise to greatness. It's too bad, there were such great elements. I wish I could have given this film more than a 7 (okay) out of 10. {Ethereal Romance}
9 This movie was beautify done in time for Valentines day. And so far will be my top pick. It made me cry, so I think the chemistry between the two leads was incomparable. I will say some parts were slow but for the most part the story was very engaging. I loved when she walked across the wall. This movie was not a waste of time at all! Also, IF you love a heartbreaking love stories then this is a movie for you.My own personal opinion is if they were SO in love then why didn't she just stay with him? Must not have been too in love with him. What about when she changes her mind and wants to die again? Or she forgets about him and moves on? The end kind of ruined it for me and it would have made for a better movie if they had ended up together at the end. But again I say, personal opinion.
4 You don't need a big budget to be able to make an average or above average movie. For those that use the excuse this movie only suffered because or give it credit for the low budget are delusional lol.Who decided on the cast? It's not a good idea to cast a 28 year old as a high school teen. Kyle Allen doesn't look 17 or 18, not even close. They don't even try to have Kyle act like a teen. What teen no matter where they're from speaks the lines they gave Kyle?Joey King who I thought was a very good actress, seemed to over-act most of her scenes. Her laughing scenes were forced and very noticeably fake. Although it might be a bit easier to cast a 20 something actress as a 17 year old, once again it didn't work.Is there a shortage of talented high school age actors?The location Avalon, New Jersey is original and a great idea. However, they only showed small, very small sections. Avalon is beautiful and they could have took more advantage of the location.I also thought the music in the movie was very
good, much better than the actual movie itself.The movie turns out to be good background noise.
6 There's a whole lotta of "too" involved with this movie: too melodramatic, too much like "Ghost," too many romantic tropes, too too too. All of that said, I'm awarding it one extra star (5->6) for the serious and sincere attempts by star Joey King and the supporting cast (including Celeste O'Connor and Donna Biscoe) to sell all of it to us with a brightly colored bow (or cap) on top.
5 ...love story with after-life suggestions, but insufficient suggestions. The film could, or should, have beeen shorter by at least 15 minutes. Watchable and soon forgettable.
4 This movie is pretty boring. The couple does'nt appear to have any chemistry. Watch them kiss and see if you feel any love there.The movie seemed to drag on forever, most likely because it was boring. I really like Joey King, but she could not save this mess. Her boyfriend's acting seemed very wooden.Not worth watching unless you absolutely can't find anything else to watch.
6 RATED 6/10
Language: EnglishThe romantic drama with supernatural story flow... The reason for supernatural angle looks so silly when it ends.... it was good in bits and pieces but as a whole something is missing...
5 "The In Between" opens with a David Foster Wallace quote: "every love story is a ghost story." This is what happens to Tessa (Joey King) following a fatal car accident that claims the life of her boyfriend Skylar (Kyle Allen) and leaves her with a broken heart. Her destroyed phone inexplicably turns on and shows a photo sent to her by Skylar, and she feels his presence at the hospital. Another fellow patient tries to tell her about ADC - "after death communication". This is the punch line and the story line. However there are more plot holes in this movie than in a Swiss cheese. This movie also blatantly idealizes Tessa's desire to end her life to be with Skylar. Apart from the strong acting performance of Joey King (Tessa), this movie is a waste of time. There is no clear direction and the supernatural stuff in this movie just does not make any sense at all.
8 I don't understand the low rating or the negative reviews. This movie touched on so many elements of true love and loss. The chemistry between the two actors made it great.You don't really get movies like this very often that touch upon love and the afterlife. This was well done in my opinion.There was a semi similar movie, If I Stay (2014) but in my opinion it wasn't anywhere as touching as this.If only there were an in between where we could communicate with our loved one's one last time. Maybe there is. Maybe some of us have experienced it in some way.
9 It's amazing how the individual network streamers are streaming their own movies and shows. So much junk out there, and some good things, but mostly things that have to add a lot of nudity and cursing in their shows. None of that was required for this, it was an amazing movie, the plot and script, while not original, was super well done and kept me interested and engaged to see how it would work it out. The acting, well it was impressive how well the cast sold their characters. Amazing, amazing job Paramount+! Well worth my money monthly (if this was the only thing I watched, which it isn't). It is a sad movie, as you can tell from the description of the show, but boy! It was very touching, very well done and totally worth my time to watch it. Highly recommend this movie.
9 April 2022 Construed and overblown teenage drama.Felt like a YA book. Nothing against YA fiction, but then you know you get superficial and draaaaamaaaa.The characters are sketchy, too grown up for their age, much too shrink-y and greeting-card dialogues.There was a cute love story somewhere in it, but they chose not to tell it and go for her annoying problems.Basically, had she not been such an angsty (b) he would still be alive, so that's on her. He was definitely the better person.Her photos are generic, all this 'oh but she's a genius' is boring.By the way, you don't need 'super'natural to say goodbye. Nature gave us the gift of imagination.Nice cinematography, okay acting.
8 I actually thought this was done quite well. It was well written, some interesting concepts, first love and horrendous tragedy. Not too cheesy, but you felt the emotions with the characters.
5 The idea of an afterlife place called the In Between was interesting but unnecessary to the actual plot of the movie. It was mostly here to make it different to other romance movies.I like Joey King and I thought she wasn't that bad in this movie along with Kyle Allen, who was also not that bad in the movie.The relationship with the main couple was cute and they did have some chemistry with each other. The accident they go through is effective and emotional when you find out how it happens.But all of these small positives of the movie doesn't hide the fact that it's standard.Overall, this is a standard romance movie with a weird element added to make it different from other movies. It just makes it a supernatural movie for no reason.
7 I am looking at the film as a simple story told in a non linear manner and kept the interest of the viewer till the end. King is very sweet and fits the part of Tess to the T. Rest of the cast were just about OK. I feel most critics have given it a lower rating comparing it with normal big budget films, whereas this one is an out and out made for OTT. Hence I have given an additional star than what I'd normally do. Can there be a sequel?
10 I felt soo connected to this movie
That I was inspired to write a poem about love's unending state and eternity.Even if memories take your place still and still I want to follow you wherever you go,
even if tears had become wounds to my wings,
my burning heart that holds my wish will fly away and find you again
because love doesn't end
dear Earnest.
8 Joey King and Kyle Allen have something special together but I felt like it was all in the right beautiful direction but just needed to to let go a little more and let it all flow into further magic.Overall a lovely and unique take on love and loss.
10 Don't usually watch love stories, but I'm interested in the afterlife and this is a bit like 'ghost' but not the same. Bit slow in places where it jumps before the accident and after. Good movie though.
10 This is the best love story I have seen in a very long time! Totally unpredictable, keeps you on the edge of your seat every singe minute, completely fresh, with top-notch film-making and great chemistry between the lead actors.I have watched this movie three times with a lot of my friends and we all loved it every single one of us. The people commenting on here are either immature teen boyswho would rather be playing video games, or else people without a heart, or adults who dont care to see a movie about teens. If you want to see a movie that is a great story and told with amazing shots and lots of suspense and total feels, this is the movie for you!!
5 Depending on your expectations and preferences you may like this more or less. And while I dig the female lead here (not just optically speaking, but her acting skills that is), neither her nor the male lead can save the day - sorry for the pun.Love stories can be redeeming and the ones that have a supernatural touch to it may even give hope to some people (eternal love and all that stuff). So as I already stated above, it is important how you view things and how willing you are to open up. Do not expect the chemistry of the people in this to match up to anything from any classic romantic movies though. There is a certain spark that I feel is missing here .. but then again, that may only be me (and quite a few others as the rating is showing of course) ...
9 I don't understand people that gave this a bad review. This movie is exactly what it's supposed to be: a movie for teenagers. First love, movie love, something that doesn't actually happen in real life. This is what Hollywood was created for, to give people hope that fairytales exist.Movies are not made to be realistic.If you want realistic, watch a documentary, watch the discovery channel. Movies are made for entertainment. You people keep forgetting that!
1 This movie is borderline plagerism of book series that came out in the 90s and later in the 2000s the author wrote 3 more books. Called Kissed by an Angel. Look it up. Read the synopsis and you will see what I mean. And unless the original author was involved in this film ( which doesn't seem like she was) this borderline plagerism. What's really unbelievable is the lengths the author went to find this. There are obvious changes made probably to avoid being sued for plagerism. But there are SO many things stolen directly from the book. The car accident to the way they come together. He teaches her something. To the way the story is told in before and after to the way he contacts her after his death. ... And I don't believe his "personal story" he claims gave him the inspiration. Because this entire plot down to the details is STRAIGHT out of kissed by an angel. And he probably was counting on no one knowing because it not a super well known book or series. Shame on the writer for stealing someone else's work so blatantly and hiding in a tragic personal story, so no one could question it or risk sounding like a terrible person. I have no problem being the one to do that. Creative integrity should be sacred.
1 This is a movie about 100 different ideas and none of those ideas is well shown in this movie. We didnt even get her story and her mom story and why her adopted father mentioned her mother?? And this man stucked inbetween just for a girl he knew a summer and not about his parents that he was talking about them non stop?? Its a non sense low budget movie. And they dont even look like teenagers and tessa she had a very bad laugh its like if someone forced her to laugh .... its a no no.
7 This was not the best tragic love story ever, but it's close to being one. I spent 15 minutes after it just staring into the sky and crying. And i'm not a tragic love stories fan, i actually hate them, kinda like skylar in the story here but this really hurt me.It's not about if it's logical or fantasy to reach to someone in the in between to try to say something you regret not saying.. it's about the trauma she was experiencing whether or not what she saw and felt was real about him reaching out to her.I feel like my words are disconnected but i really felt her loss and desperation to reach him so muchAnd the ending credit with them together and THAT song
OMG i was weeping in front of thatit's not the best movie ever it has it's flaws but it's an experience and emotions roller coaster for real.
10 This is not for everyone I find it beautiful, not gonna lie I cried during the whole movie. I don't care what the critics say I am in love with this movie. You should definitely watch it.
10 Very beautiful and cinematic movie with lots of classic scenes.Also extremely sad at times.Absolute 90's classic.
10 Ah, yes, the film that propelled Leonardi DiCapro to super stardom, became the first film to gross $1 billion, and stayed on the top of the box office charts for 12 years (only to be kicked off the top by another James Cameron film, Avatar).It is said 'Titanic' is the film with the most continuity errors of all films. Despite this, though, the film was indeed a masterpiece. The sheer scale of the sets and entire production were simply mind blowing! The sinking of the Titanic was the greatest ship sinking scene EVER and was done with such meticulous detail that one would think they actually really sunk the ship. Off course, that was not the case, though, as it were all (very elaborate) sets, most of which were destroyed during the making of the film.Leonardo made for a very likable hero, quite frankly one a lot of guys can relate to. The young lovers were so different and yet so alike, and their love story was almost endearing. I must admit, the jumping backwards and forwards in time was a bit unnecessary and resulted in an overlong epic. They should only have told the 1912 story. Apart from that, the film was thrilling, exciting and fascinating in every sense of the word!
10 Back in 1997, do I remember that year: Clinton bans cloning research, the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, the Marlins won the world series and a woman gave birth to septuplets. This was also the big year in the release of Titanic, one of the biggest films of all time: a tale about the ship of dreams, about a boy and a girl who fall in love but are torn apart by their social class and at the height of their emotional commitment the ship meets with disaster. I don't think anybody could have expected Titanic to be as HUGE as it was, the movie was bigger than life and had millions of fans, 85% of them being teenage girls, I was 12 years old at the time, and of course saw the movie multiple times. It was the film that made me believe that the love that Jack and Rose shared was so real and beautiful. At the time I felt that Titanic could do no wrong, of course I grew up and didn't watch the film since I was 14, a couple years ago I saw the film on DVD for 5.99 and figured that it was a good price and to see what I thought about the movie now. Was it worth the hype? Was it really the best movie of all time? Was that Leonardo's real nose? OK, I know that's silly to say, but I did re-watch the film. Being completely honest here, Titanic is a great movie, it delivered in romance, humor, disaster, emotions and took us on this incredible maiden voyage.The film starts with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the wreck of the RMS Titanic, searching for a necklace set with a valuable blue diamond called the Heart of the Ocean. Unsuccessful, they instead discover a drawing of a young woman wearing the Heart of the Ocean, dated the day the Titanic sank. 101-year-old Rose Dawson Calvert learns of the drawing, and contacts Lovett to inform him she is the woman in the drawing. When asked if she knew the whereabouts of the necklace, Rose Calvert recalls her memories aboard the Titanic, revealing for the first time that she was Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, the upper-class 17-year-old Rose boards the ship with her controlling fianc, Cal Hockley and her desperate for money mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater. Distraught and frustrated by her engagement, Rose attempts suicide by jumping from the stern. Before she leaps, a drifter and artist named Jack Dawson intervenes who convinces her not to jump. Jack and Rose strike up a tentative friendship as she thanks him for saving her life, and he shares stories of his adventures traveling and sketching; their bond deepens when they leave a first-class formal dinner of the wealthy for a much livelier gathering of dancing, music and beer in third-class. After revealing their love for each other and wish to leave together when the ship docks, they then witness the ship's fatal collision with an iceberg and now must escape together.So does Titanic live up to it's hype? I still say that this is a great movie to watch, I think that there were and still are quite a few haters that for some reason just want to trash the movie because it had won a ton of awards and Leo Mania was born at the time. Everyone is entitled to an opinion, but please don't let the haters bother you from watching this great movie. It has great acting, amazing effects, beautiful costumes, outstanding sets, a well-written story and still looks flawless. Love it or hate it, you have to admit this movie didn't get a lot of hype just because of Leo's baby face or Kate's amazing ability to cry on sight, this film is something special. Otherwise I don't think we'd still be talking about it so many years later. Kate and Leo had this amazing chemistry that in my opinion made it one of the greatest love stories of all time. Despite the story not being the most original with the rich girl loves poor boy plot, I think it worked extremely well because they fit so well together. James Cameron, the extreme perfectionist that he is, went over time and money budgets for Titanic, but this was his baby and it paid off very well. James had captured everything about Titanic and the sinking so well. He respectfully shows what terror the victims went through that night and made sure that this wasn't just a love story but to remember those who lost their lives on the tragic voyage. He had every right in my opinion to scream "I'm king of the world!" at the Oscars, because this movie blew everyone out of the water(no pun intended), you know what? I'm going to admit it, I love Titanic, even past my teen years I absolutely adore this movie, it will always hold a special place in my heart, it has too since I saw this film 8 times in the theater when it was released. Remember one thing, be true to yourself, don't follow the crowd, lovers or haters, if you go with the hype you're always going to go crazy over a film before viewing it, then if you thought the film was just alright for some reason it comes off as the worst movie ever. I do recommend Titanic, it's a great one and sure to go down in the classics one day.10/10
10 Good Lord. This movie right here, it's a masterpiece. I am not exaggerating when I say this. Tonight was the first time I watched this. I watched some parts of it earlier, but I thought it would probably be boring, and that I had better things to do. Tonight I watched the whole thing with my grandmother. I was completely wrong on that. This was the best movie that I've ever seen, and probably ever will see in my entire life. Me and my grandmother were both in tears by the end of it. There were two scenes which made me cry: the part where the orchestra played "Nearer, My God, to Thee" and the end when all those perished on the Titanic applaud at the kiss of Rose and Jack. This movie was absolutely amazing and I would watch it over and over again.
10 The stage curtains open ...Not since the advent of the 1995 film, "Braveheart", have I ever been as enthralled or emotionally invested into a movie as I was with "Titanic". I knew going in, just from the trailer and word-of-mouth, it was going to be good, but I had no idea the ride I was in for when the lights dimmed in the theater that night. I have never understood (and still don't understand) the negative backlash that I've read/heard when it come to this epic film. Because, it is just that - epic in every way, shape or form.We follow along as a young wayfarer named Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio) wins a ticket to board the Titanic in a game of chance. During its fateful voyage, he meets and falls for an upper-class girl named Rose (Kate Winslet). Under the thumb of her demanding fiance (Billy Zane) and her narrow-minded mother, Rose is introduced to a different side to life by Jack, and he helps her to find her own individuality and independence, alienating her from a life that she already despises. She must now decide if she'll choose to stay where she is, or leave and have a life with Jack - a decision that is further compounded when the mighty ship strikes an iceberg leading to the eye popping conclusion.What makes this film work is the love story. A lot of the negative reviews I've read complain because there is a love story. But, without it, this movie doesn't work. I am not interested in watching a biography about the Titanic, I want a good story - and this movie certainly delivers that. I was completely invested in Jack and Rose, and when the ship began to sink, I was with them both every step of the way.I highly recommend this movie at 10 stars out of 10. The event of the ship sinking alone was awe inspiring. You are right there in the scene. I could not take my eyes off the screen. The direction is tight, the special effects phenomenal, and the acting completely believable. DiCaprio and Winslet had perfect chemistry. I was affected and moved by "Titanic". And even knowing the outcome, I will happily get on board again and again.
10 I have watched Titanic how many times I don't know. Everytime I watch it, I still cry, laugh, smile, and feel. The story flows with tension throughout the movie; two actors' acting and chemistry need applaud; Sinking ship is realistically filmed; 'My Heart Will Go On' is perfect fit for Jack and Roses' love story and is timeless as well. All the movie's factors are fully qualified. What more can I say? It is the masterpiece.
10 "Based on the tragedy that spawned thousands of heartbreaking true stories, comes this fake one." It's time to decide: was it insensitive and somewhat cheap of James Cameron to throw two made-up passengers who fall in love onto the ship? Or did these two characters offer the audience an anchor to hold onto as we are guided through the dreadful events of April 15th, 1912? Without a doubt, the latter. The fictional story of Jack and Rose never distracts from the tragic true story, it cinematically enhances it. We never ever miss the bigger picture.First of all, just look at this film. The resplendent wonder of the film's set design, both interior and exterior, places you right on board. It looks and feels the part. And when the inevitable disaster strikes, Cameron grabs onto you and drags you through each painful moment in striking detail. The sinking of the Titanic is brought to life with exquisite attention to detail and astonishing visual effects. It makes for the greatest disaster scenes in any movie I've seen.However, a Roland Emmerich or Michael Bay film this is not, as Cameron never allows the spectacle to distract us from the agony of it. Watching the Titanic being destroyed is not fun or, in its broadest sense, exciting - it's intensely distressing. Unlike most disaster films, it never feels like we're watching a crowd of extras on a film set flailing around. The lead up to the iceberg strike engages you so convincingly in the period, such that each person in front of the camera has been imbued with rich character. And when the ship sinks, it genuinely shocks you to see them go. For a good part of the sinking, Jack and Rose's fictional plight is quite sensibly placed to one side, giving us time to reflect on the truth and how it would have felt to be aboard the ship that horrifying night.So aside from its sweeping spectacle and moving depiction of real-life tragedy, what does the story of Jack and Rose bring to the table? In spite of how persuasive the film is, one must remember - it's ultimately a work of fiction, not a documentary. Like any period drama, it is an interpretation of how society worked at the time. Jack and Rose, as well as being beautifully played by DiCaprio and Winslet, are incredibly well crafted. They are a window into a much more subtle form of racism, which is still prevalent today. It's called class, and in the latter half of the movie, it becomes a tool with which to decide who lives and who dies.Titanic has pretty much anything you can ask for. It's a romance; it's a disaster movie; it's an action film; it's got a sense of humour and wit; it's a period drama; it's a tragedy. Summed up, Titanic is about as perfect a cinematic experience as you're ever likely to get.
9 "Titanic" won a bazillion Oscars and is considered a classic by many. And, it now (counting this one) has 2400 reviews. So, what more can I say about this film that hasn't already been said? Well, very little--that is why this review is rather short.I give the film a 9 because it isn't perfect. Some of the characters, to me, seemed a bit simplistic. But, no matter if you like them or not, there's no denying the awesomeness of the film. After all, it looks like you are on a huge cruise ship and the special effects of the wreck (this isn't exactly a spoiler!) are amazing. So, like the story or not, the film is staggering to watch--particularly on a big screen. And, now that I think about this, this is exactly how I viewed director Cameron's other huge success, "Avatar". Well worth seeing once.
10 The low rating makes no sense to me at all... This movie is magnificent, so well made, the acting is superb. Anything below 9 doesn't do it any justice.
10 To all the miserable people who have done everything from complain about the dialogue, the budget, the this and the that....who wants to hear it?  IF you missed the point of this beyond-beautiful movie, that's your loss.  The rest of us who deeply love this movie do not care what you think.  I am a thirthysomething guy who has seen thousands of movies in my life, and this one stands in its own entity, in my book.  It was not supposed to be a documentary, or a completely factual account of what happened that night. It is the most amazing love story ever attempted.  I know that it is the cynical 90's and the millennium has everyone in a tizzy, but come on. Someone on this comments board complained that it made too much money! How lame is that?  It made bundles of money in every civilized country on the planet, and is the top grossing film in the planet.  I will gladly side with the majority this time around. Okay, cynics, time to crawl back under your rock, I am done.
9 I avoided watching this film for the longest time. Long before it was even released I had dismissed it as an over-hyped, over-blown, overly romanticized piece of Hollywood schmaltz, and I wanted nothing to do with it. I never watched it in the theatre. I shook my head in disbelief at the 11 Academy Awards - even though I had never seen it. Then I was asked to be a judge at a high school public speaking contest. One of the girls spoke about this movie. "It was so great," she said. "You really felt like you were on the ship." "Nonsense," I thought. I shared my feelings with my fellow judges. One looked at me and said, "you might be right, but if she liked the movie that much maybe she'll want to learn more about the real Titanic. The movie must have done something right to get her so interested." "Well, maybe," thought I. Then it finally appeared on Pay TV. "OK," I thought, "I'll give it a look see." I didn't want to like it - and I didn't. I loved it! What a great movie.Where to start? First - the directing. My high school public speaking contestant was right. James Cameron does a superb job of creating an almost "you are there" type of atmosphere. The gaiety of life aboard the most elegant ship in the world. The nonchalance as news of the iceberg first spreads; then the rising sense of panic. You don't just watch it; you really do feel it. Then - the performances. The lead performances from Kate Winslet (as Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (as Jack) are excellent - Winslet's being the superior, I thought, but both were good. They had their rich girl/poor boy characters down to a perfect "t" I thought. In my opinion, though, stealing the show was Frances Fisher as Rose's mother. She was perfect as the snobby aristocrat, and you could feel the fear and loathing she felt every time she looked at Jack. Then - the details. I'm no expert on the sinking of the Titanic, but I have a reasonable general knowledge, and this film does a super job of recreating the historical details accurately and then weaving them seamlessly around the fictional romance. Very impressive, indeed. Then - the song. Who can watch this movie and not be taken with Celine Dion's performance of "My Heart Goes On."Problems. Well, the romance was perhaps too contrived, in the sense that I just don't accept that Jack could have moved so effortlessly from steerage to first class. (I know he was invited the first time; but he seems to keep getting into first class without being stopped until he's been there for a while.) The realities of the separation of the social classes were much more realistically portrayed, I thought, when the steerage passengers were going to be left locked down there after the ship hit the iceberg while the first class folks got to enjoy half empty lifeboats. A minor quibble, though. This is truly an excellent movie. My only regret is not seeing it in the theatre, where I think it would have been so much more impressive.9/10
10 You can watch this movie in 1997, you can watch it again in 2004 or 2009 or you can watch it in 2015 or 2020, and this movie will get you EVERY TIME. Titanic has made itself FOREVER a timeless classic! I just saw it today (2015) and I was crying my eyeballs out JUST like the first time I saw it back in 1998. This is a movie that is SO touching, SO precise in the making of the boat, the acting and the storyline is BRILLIANT! And the preciseness of the ship makes it even more outstanding! Kate Winslet and Leonardo Dicaprio definitely created a timeless classic that can be watched time and time again and will never get old. This movie will always continue to be a beautiful, painful & tragic movie. 10/10 stars for this masterpiece!
13 October 2018 Titanic is world famous. The film that broke every box office record on release and wore the box office champion crown for many years(until it was overtaken by Jim Cameron's Avatar) is special because not only does it showcase the Titanic disaster in all its glory the film is a technical achievement of the highest order. The sinking sequence is astonishing and it feels like you are watching the actual ship sink. The characters and actors are amazing and even with a large running length you never dare look at the watch. James Cameron is a master director and Titanic is his stamp of authority.
10 Titanic is one of my all time favourite films. I'm a 24 year old guy who has probably not cried in front of anyone since I was a kid, but this movie plays on my emotions more than almost any other. We all know the ship will sink (does that even qualify as a spoiler?) but the build-up to this event - the smugness and over- confidence, assurances of it being "unsinkable" - tease the audience, almost to the point where you're like 'is it really going to sink?'I thought the performances of everyone were magnificent: I cared about the characters and their lives on and beyond the ship. Taking the time to introduce everyone and weave their stories together was masterful, even beyond the main characters, like Fabrizio and Murdoch the First Officer and countless more. It was heartbreaking towards the end when you see the panic gradually set in, and it slowly descends into total chaos. You remember Jack telling Rose all the places he's going to take her to and you imagine their love- filled lives together. The Irish mother telling her children the fairytale, resigned to their fate. The violinists trying to maintain a spirit of composure amidst the carnage. And the music! Wow. I cried for all of this. And especially right at the end when you see the photos of Rose's life, knowing she's fulfilled her promise and survived, living a full life, probably never having met anyone she loved as much as Jack all those years ago.Visually pleasing in every way, dramatic, musically astounding, great acting and above all a fantastic story make this an undeniably iconic, enduring film. A romantic-drama unlike any other. It deserves higher than 7.7.
10 This movie re-wrote film history in every way.  No one cares what anyone thinks about this movie, because it transcends criticism.  Every flaw in the movie is easily overcome by the many amazing things the movie has going for it.  It is an extremely beautiful movie, and I doubt many of us will see anything like it again. I've seen it more times than I care to count, and I still become transfixed every time, with a feeling which is hard to describe.  One for the ages.
10 From "Cavalcade" in 1933 to "Titanic" in 1953, "A Night to Remember" in 1957 and "The Unsinkable Molly Brown" in 1964, the doom ship Titanic became a voyage of legendary, if tragic, proportions, and in the time leading up to its 85th year spawned a TV movie, a Broadway musical and this masterpiece which had audiences preparing to get tickets for it even before it was finished shooting. The reason is clear: James Cameron, Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio, the promise of effects like you'd never seen in any movie, and a Celine Dion song sung over the teaser trailer that would shoot her to super-stardom.This is told in flashback through the experiences of the 102 year old survivor Rose Calvert (veteran 1930's movie actress Gloria Stuart, nearly forgotten until cast in this), shocked to see a drawing of herself in pristine condition. The nude drawing of her as a young woman wearing a valuable diamond is found in a safe pulled from the ancient wreckage and she immediately notifies the explorers who are searching for more Titanic artifacts and stories. Arriving with pretty much every single belonging of hers as well as her doting granddaughter, Stuart winces in tears with a sudden memory, but insists on going on with her story.From there, we are swept back decades to the luxurious ship on its maiden and only voyage, and the huge vessel is grandly detailed and scaled as only an epic of this nature can scale it to be. Winslet is engaged to the vain Billy Zane, forced by her desperate mother (Frances Fisher) to tolerate him because they are broke and only have their "name" to benefit them. Fisher, obviously having married "up" , is ultra snobby to the neuvo riche Kathy Bates, and when she meets Jack Dawson (DiCaprio), she knows trouble lies ahead, and her demeanor is enough iceberg for any young lady. Dawson has saved young Roe from committing suicide in the icy waters below, and their first encounter turns into a love that you know can only end tragically.With real life Titanic passengers Brown, John Jacob Astor and his wife Madeline (which would be a great subject for a separate movie), Benjamin Guggenheim and Isadore and Ida Strauss (another subject that would be a touching film), this mixes in these real life characters with the fictional ones. Zane and his humorless right hand man (David Warner) are great villains, with Zane absolutely vile as he psychotically tries to maintain his stolen dignity when he loses his trophy wife to be to a commoner. Watching Zane go psychotic as he stoops to the depths of evil makes you wish he wouldn't make it off, but the writers have an even better plan for him.The film takes well over 90 minutes before the disaster sequences start, and from then on, it is a dizzying, sometimes headache inducing bit of tense moments as DiCaprio, locked to a metal pole to drowned for daring to love Winslet, struggles to be set free. It goes on a bit too long, but for first time viewers is truly frightening. There were buckets of tears being flowed at the Paramount Studios theater I saw this in prior to the release, and even after half a dozen or so viewings, it can still bring them on.Certainly this is filled with cliches, but they are the type of cliches that have worked since the days of the silent movies. This was probably the first film since "Gone With the Wind" to be considered a guaranteed Oscar winner, sweeping a good majority of them when it came out. In many ways,, this has very old fashioned ideals and is thus an old fashioned style movie, one of the last of its kind that still worked ("The Artist" from 20 years later was a rare exception.) I can watch this once a year and still be emotionally turned to mush by it. That is what makes an instant classic.
10 I am still crying as I am writing this review as of right now. I don't even know where to begin. I can now see why this film was one of the highest grossing movies of all time. The blending of genres was masterfully done through the style of a Historical Romance/Drama, and a Disaster/Action film. The writing was absolutely superb, for a 3 hour movie I found myself completely engaged not even blinking my eye. The costumes, music, performances, characters, cinematography, dialogue was so magical I can't even put words here to describe the beauty of everything put into this movie. The performances just take your breathe away. Jack and Rose's love story is so full of life and heart and what true love should be even if it's a battle or your not the same class and can't be together ounce you find your soulmate that's what love is about. Their characters felt so human and that really is what puts this movie at a whole new level. The camerawork is some of the best I have ever seen in any film. I don't even want to spoil how thrilling, chilling, beautifully well done the Titanic sinking part of the film is because it is something you just have to see for yourself and experience the devastating heartbreaking tragedy that occurred. James Cameron you are and will always be one of the best filmmakers to ever live and this is your ultimate masterpiece.
11 January 2015 James Cameron's 'Titanic' shares a similar motto to Marmite, "you either love it or hate it", I for one love this film, yes I know it's got a drawn out romance story, but there's just something about the 3-hour fill of the film that makes its such a spectacularly emotional and beautiful movie. I saw this a lot when I was growing up, this was one of the films of my childhood, it is truly a powerfully resonant and visually stunning movie of epic proportions. Personally I favour the British original 'A Night to Remember', but this is a pretty close contender. Winner of 11 Oscars, James Cameron's romantic-disaster epic is a triumph of cinema that boasts perfect chemistry between Kate and Leo as the lovers bound for tragedy. Many people disregard this film nowadays solely because it's become the most popular film ever made alongside Cameron's other epic 'Avatar', and whilst 'Titanic' is definitely not one of my favourite films, it's just so powerfully amazing and no doubt at all it has once brought a tear to everyone's eyes. The main aspect I love in this film is James Horner's haunting score that was a key ingredient in the film's success, it is simply perfect, too bad Celine Dion had to close this on her awful pop version. Nonetheless, 'Titanic' is a modern classic and a beautifully spectacular film that will live on.
10 Flawless, enchanting, riveting, wondrous, totally out of this world. Astounding as this may sound, I've just now got around to watching "Titanic," 23 years on, and I'm staggered at all that I've missed my whole life.Young love is the most wonderful theme to explore in a movie, but it's also the most difficult to depict beautifully and without too much cloying treacle. Couple that with the story of a young teenage girl in the bygone era of aristocrat families and arranged marriage, side saddles and corsets, outrageous class inequality and rich powerful men in control of everything and keeping women under their thumbs - and you get "Titanic." And James Cameron, Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet cracked it with a bang! They impressed. They dazzled. They shined.They took our breath away.
10 People are crazy. They rate Avengers so high and they rate this masterpiece low? This is beyond absurd. You guys should encourage great filmmakers like this one not stupid ones like the super hero franchises. For the love of god.
9 August 1998 Firstly and foremostly, I am a guy, which (in most cases) means I did not go see Titanic to see DiCaprio...although I think he can be a great actor.  Reading through earlier comments, i grew a bit weary of hearing about lame script and shallow characters.  I went to see a ship sink...the plot and the characters were, at least to me, a kind of icing on the Cake.  I actually think a lot of the characters were done well; that is, by the time they die in freezing water, you actually felt a tinge of sadness for them.  But , by the time Titanic was over, I was sufficiently moved to make me tell people that it was a great movie.  Kate Winslet was good, Kathy Bates was perfect, Leo was ok (I'll give you people that - I've seen him shine like I know he can ... Basketball Diaries, Romeo & Juliet).  But ultimately, the Titanic sinks...and it was absolutely stunning.  Bravo to Cameron.  He didn't just show us a large ship sinking, he showed us the back half of it crashing down on a hundred freezing, drowning people; he showed us a third class mother attempting to sing her children to sleep because she knew they were all doomed (broke my heart - i cried the most right there at that point), he showed people who worked extremely hard to get OUT of the bowels of the ship only to be sucked back in when a random window shattered and the water carried them on back in...detail.  I like detail in a movie.  Very impressive job.
16 August 2018 Titanic is world famous. The film that broke every box office record on release and wore the box office champion crown for many years(until it was overtaken by Jim Cameron's Avatar) is special because not only does it showcase the Titanic disaster in all its glory the film is a technical achievement of the highest order. The sinking sequence is astonishing and it feels like you are watching the actual ship sink. The characters and actors are amazing and even with a large running length you never dare look at the watch. James Cameron is a master director and Titanic is his stamp of authority.
3 June 2002 I saw this movie opening day and it took my breath away. James Cameron's fictional story of Jack and Rose entwined with real life occurances was haunting and absolutely beautiful. He is an amazing director and writer that this movie would not have worked without him.Kate Winslet was stunning as Rose and this movie belonged to her as you couldn't imagine anyone else playing this role.Leonardo DiCaprio was really good as Jack and  he should have had an  an Oscar nomination for this role and the ever brilliant Billy Zane didn't disappoint in his role as Rose's fiance Cal. His portrayl of Cal was so evil that despite being an awful person, you couldn't help but feel sorry for him, especially when despite all his doings he loved Rose so much.
James Horner's music was just as haunting and he always lifts the movie he works on to the ultimate level.Kathy Bates was equally impressive in a small role and provided quite a few of the laughs of the film. Everything from the special effects, to the sets to the costumes were pure magic.This would have to be one of the most wonderful films of the 20th Century and one that will never be forgotten.
28 November 2005 It's really quite odd. When Titanic first came out,the reviews were mixed but the public generally loved it,those who disliked the film were definitely in the minority. Over the years,it has became somewhat fashionable to slag Titanic off,even if a great many of those people who did so were probably amongst those who made it such an enormous hit in the cinemas. Titanic is flawed,definitely,sometimes greatly so. However,it's also a tremendous achievement for it's director James Cameron. Mixing a real disaster with romance is harder to do than some might think. Maybe he did have a right to say "I'm king of the world" when the film won Best Picture at the Oscars. Just once.The modern day opening is excellent,making effective use of some of Cameron's real footage he took of the sunken Titanic. There is a real sense of mystery. Than we flash back to the Titanic being boarded,and the film stalls just a little for around two hours. The attention to detail is amazing {even all the cutlery matched,you know} and there is nothing wrong with an extremely slow build up to action-think of The Seven Samourai. However,the central romance between Leo and Kate is often badly written and unconvincing. For a start Kate's Rose would certainly not have done two things she does in the film as quickly as she did {Obviously thousands of teenage girls seeing the film in 1997 would disagree with my views}. We also have to suffer Cameron constantly labouring the point that the poor people on the ship are better than the rich people.However,the final 80 or so minutes,detailing the sinking,is simply brilliant film making. The suspense is built expertly,even though we know what will happen,and climaxes with some technical shots which are still impressive. Perhaps there is a little two much emphasis on the central couple,but there are some truly moving moments,and it really feels true,although of course Cameron did play with the facts a little here and there,as at least one descendant of one of the survivors has pointed out. The following sequence involving the boats is extremely haunting,with some especially good use of sound. As for the final scene,it does manage to be pretty moving,it's schmaltzy but it works {though hardly original,think of Somewhere In Time and various 40s romantic fantasies}.Titanic has some excellent use of CGI {watch out for the transitions from present to the past on the sunken ship} and one glaringly bad special effect-the iceberg which looks like polystyrene. James Horner's best selling score is really quite poor and only occasionally brings the emotion it should do. Performances are generally excellent and sometimes succeed in overcoming some thin characterisation {such as Billy Zane as Rose's fiance,who even has to suffer with far too much eye make up!}Overall Titanic is still worth seeing,and sometimes it really does hit the heights that it should. It succeeds more than it fails,which is impressive in a film as ambitious as this.
10 Titanic is the film ive viewed 2nd most of all, i am the kinda guy that can watche a good movie once every 2 to 3 months, and ive seen titanic some 25-30 times and i should know the storyline pretty well.when seeing this in the theater first time alone and the next night with my wife i was lost for words each time. my wife cried the whole night and well into the next night of this lovestory, and whenever i put this in the video, i know ill have the tv space for myself, cause she made a promise to never ever let herself into a mental state again as when watching it the first time.its not so much the act that does this film, its far too cliched' to become a marvel of acting, but its the heart and the cruelty of life and death that crushes my heart each time i see it. the last 15 minutes are the worst, and i usually stop when the flag goes below the surface of the ocean..the grumpy old man might be a cry-baby, but its worth it, the second highest on my ever best movie list
8 Greetings again from the darkness. It's often fun when an innovative filmmaker turns a stodgy genre upside down and offers us a new take. And who better to flip over the frequently stale mode of romantic-comedies than Norwegian auteur Joachim Trier? Co-written with his frequent collaborator Eskil Vogt, the film could also be described as a dramady or a thirty-ish coming-of-age tale. Regardless of the label, it's entertaining and thought-provoking, as well as being a bit dark in parts (some of these also being quite funny). This is being called the final film in Trier's "Oslo Trilogy", three loosely connected films including REPRISE (2006) and OSLO, AUGUST 31 (2011).Each of the films represents quite a shift in tone, and this latest revolves around Julie, played exceptionally well by Renate Reinsve. Trier structures the film as 12 chapters plus a prologue and epilogue. The prologue is brilliant and allows us to quickly grasp what we need to know about Julie. She changes her life goals multiple times - from doctor to psychologist to photographer, and later while working in a bookstore, she decides to be a writer. Thankfully we are spared the details in her essay on oral sex in the #MeToo era. Julie is impulsive to a fault. She has confidence but can't commit to a direction - she's confident in her uncertainty.As she approaches 30, Julie is struggling to find her way. She's not so much lost as struggling to deal with her jumbled thoughts. Can you lose your identity if you haven't yet formed one? That seems to be the crux of Julie's inner-struggles, even as she finds a seemingly good fit for a partner. Aksel (a terrific Anders Danielsen Lie) is a successful graphic artist, and he seems to understand Julie. Their relationship builds over time, even as their individual visions and goals diverge. The best life partner still comes with challenges when you still aren't sure who you are as a person.Julie feels herself slipping away, and that's when her impulsive nature reappears. During a special event for Aksel, she walks out and spontaneously crashes a local wedding reception. This leads to a meet cute and flirty time with Eivind (Herbert Nordrum). Both he and she are in steady relationships, but only Bill Clinton could determine if the time Julie and Eivind spend together is cheating or not. Ms. Reinsve perfectly captures the spirit of Julie. Although she's often a bit flustered, when she does smile, she radiates like a young Shelley Fabares.Much has been made of Ms. Reinsve's performance and she certainly deserves the accolades. However, we shouldn't overlook the outstanding work of Anders Danielsen Lie in a difficult role. Filmmaker Joachim Trier's previous work also includes THELMA (2017) and LOUDER THAN BOMBS (2015), and his creativity is most welcome. Two sequences stand out in his latest. In one, the world shifts into 'freeze frame' mode as Julie runs through the streets of Oslo to find her new love, and in the second, we follow her in the midst of a drug hallucination after experimenting with mushrooms. In the story, Trier focuses on the dynamics between partners and how the stages of life can complicate things. It's charming and funny, but also quite serious, as he certainly doesn't buy into the ideal that movies must have happy endings. In regard to the title, rather than describe Julie, it's more likely meant to explain how many people think of themselves as they make decisions and mistakes - it's really a show of humanity. And quite a good one.Opening in limited theaters on February 4, 2022.
9 Renate Reinsve is giving one of the performances of the year in this turbulent movie about what it's like being alive.I came home from this and told my wife how much it reminded me of "Annie Hall" at times. And then later I was reading a profile of the writer and director, Joachim Trier, which mentioned that "Annie Hall" specifically was a huge inspiration for him as a film maker. So there you go.Is Reinsve the worst person in the world? Hardly. She's a warm, loving woman, trying to figure out how to give love to others and yet get what she needs and feels she deserves herself. What happens when those two things seem mutually exclusive? Welcome to human relationships.The movie is very funny in its first half, and then gets very sad in its last half. But it's never emotionally manipulative. It makes the case that it's ok to look out for yourself and your needs, but also that part of growing as a person is learning that the world isn't all about you.Grade: A.
5 February 2022 An achingly human & frighteningly accurate portrait of an entire generation's existential crisis, The Worst Person in the World observes millennial angst through a young woman's quest for love & meaning as she enters into her 30s without any idea about her identity & purpose in life. Crafted with flair & told with utmost honesty, this contemporary rom-com is one of the better films of the year.Co-written & directed by Joachim Trier, the story is narrated in chapters and covers her four years journey of love & enlightenment in which we see her throw herself into different career paths & new relationships yet never going all the way. While most episodes are interesting & aptly address the film's themes, few of them are way too brief and should've been either left out or integrated with others.The first half is lighthearted & brimming with a restless, radiant spirit while the later chapters deal with heavier themes and are treated with required seriousness. Renate Reinsve anchors the film with a performance that hits the right emotional notes and is thoroughly convincing. Anders Danielsen Lie & Herbert Nordrum also chip in with strong support and their chemistry with Reinsve is seamless & spot-on.Overall, The Worst Person in the World is a downright sincere & thoroughly engrossing effort that renders the humanity of its characters with authenticity & compassion. Heartbreaking yet not without hope, this Norwegian dramedy understands the dreaded existential cul-de-sac that comes from not knowing who you are or where you fit in as well as the the crushing feeling of playing a supporting role in your own life story.
9 It's been a couple of hours since I watched this, and I'll admit, it's been hard to figure out how to give some thoughts on it through text.I will say it resonated with me emotionally- far more than your average movie. I really felt it, y'know? Not in a way that's going to make me reshape my life or change what I'm doing day to day necessarily, but there was something to it that makes me sure it's going to stick in my brain for weeks, maybe months or even years to come.I can't go much further than that. It's a wonderful, sometimes funny, sometimes bittersweet, sometimes soul-crushing film, and all the emotions are explored and interweaved perfectly.There are so many great scenes... the scene where time freezes, the "what is cheating" scene, the scene in and around the hospital, the scene with the magic mushrooms... it's almost like every single chapter in the film is a highlight, and it all fits together almost perfectly.It's a special film- the more I think about it, the better it gets, and the more it resonates. Also features some of the best acting I've seen in a while from its two leads, Renate Reinsve and Anders Danielsen Lie. They're so compelling it's almost alarming how invested you get in their characters, maybe because they begin to feel like real people, at a point. Especially in the last half-hour or so- I was blown away by how real they felt, and how easily I believed that these two characters had known each other for years.Might be a 5/5 on a rewatch, in all honesty. Life being tough and all at the moment, I was distracted by some of my own problems while watching these fictional characters deal with theirs. But the moments of crossover were extremely cathartic, and as a film, it flows so well, and didn't feel two hours long, despite having pacing that wasn't afraid to slow down from time to time.Well, how about that.I actually wrote quite a lot.Good films will do that to you.
8 The heroine ofJoachim Trier's latest film 'The Worst Person in the World' (2021) is about 30 years old, but she still hasn't managed to find a profession that would give full meaning to her life, or the man she would like to be with and spend the rest of her life, or what could make her happy. It is, if you wish, the film of her searches and the failure of these searches in a hurried and individualistic world. This contemporary Norwegian counter-heroine is one of the most complex and interesting female characters I have seen on screen in recent years. Renate Reinsve's formidable performance brought her a well-deserved award for female performance at the Cannes Film Festival. This is one of the important reasons, but not the only one for which this film is worth seeing.Julie (Renate Reinsve) is an intelligent and intellectually gifted young woman. She starts studying medicine and then gives up, starts studying psychology and abandons this as well, decides to become a photographer and works in parallel and as a bookseller at a bookstore. Her parents are divorced, she is closer to her mother (who is worried about her daughter's un-decisions) while her distant and indifferent father is a negative model that probably makes her wary of relationships with men. And yet she falls in love, not with one man but with two: with a comics book writer and cartoonist about 14 years her senior who wants a child and with a seller at a pastry shop who wants to have fun and maybe to get rid of his previous girlfriend who is more interested by ecology and vegetarianism. Time passes, life advances, but it is not clear in which direction.I guess that one of 'Joachim Trier's sources of inspiration are Woody Allen's older and newer films. The organization of the story in 12 chapters plus a prologue and an epilogue, the well-matched use in this case of off-screen voice, the relationship between lovers separated by age gap, the presence of parents in the lives of mature people, all these they reminded Allen. Even the almost exclusively urban setting seems inspired by his films, with a local touch, of course. If you haven't visited Oslo (like me) by the time you finish watching this movie you will feel the desire to visit this city, which looks colorful, sophisticated, and ... warm (most of the story seems to take place in the summer). The location in time is clear, thanks to the pandemic masks that the characters wear in the epilogue. Just count a few years back. There are at least two chapters in the film with original cinematography that fits well into the logic of the story - the imaginary or real encounter between lovers looking for and finding each other with the rest of the world frozen around and the sequence of the 'experimentation' with hallucinogenic mushrooms. 'The Worst Person in the World' is the story of an imperfect woman with an imperfect life, as are the lives of most of us, a woman who is certainly not the worst person in the world, and the film about her is made interestingly and well acted. Recommended viewing.
26 February 2022 While I appreciate the idea of a film that follows an indecisive and passive character ("the worst person in the world", Julie), I found this film to be extremely meandering and confusing. Ultimately, we are to understand that Julie ends up in a better place (she's a single, confident, photographer now!), I really felt like her transition happened only in the last five minutes. A lot is said about having not likable characters, but I just didn't like Julie and I found most of the characters pretty detestable. I'm really not sure what people are talking about when they said that this movie is redefining rom-coms. Maybe seek out 500 Days of Summer for a rom-com subversion movie instead.
6 ... and curtailed expectations in a world of fraught distractions, shallow depths and contradictions. Which is the feeling you get after being pulled through Julie's world and the not so original way she lives it, although it starts with some ambition but just cools and tempers through attrition, wearing thin towards the end, she would drive most men around several bends.
10 Sometimes a film cuts deep into your soul - in the best way possible. It happened to me in 2012 with 'Amour'. I wasn't right for a week after seeing that film. 'The Worst Person in the World' has a similar quality. Ultimately it is just showing the harsh realities of life. But man do they hit hard. This film is incredible.This film wouldn't be what it is without Renate Reinsve. I haven't seen all of the Best Actress nominees for the Oscars this year yet, however I'd be shocked if all five could justify their place over her. She is mesmerising to watch. She puts everything she has out there. It is as fearless and captivating as performances come. I'm so glad she won Best Actress at Cannes.The entire cast is great but I have to mention Anders Danielsen Lie specifically as well. He plays a crucial role in this film being what it is. It's a truly excellently written role to be fair, but he still plays his part in bringing it to life. He's the character that a lot of men who watch this film are going to relate to.The dialogue in this film is on another level. It is so deep and thoughtful. The amount of lines that resonated with me were huge. The film never feels like it is trying too hard to impress anything upon you either. It simply puts stuff out there, and it just so happens that the stuff is so good it hits you like a freight train.If someone asked me what this film was about I think I'd find that a very hard question to answer. I guess the best answer would just be "life". Maybe it won't resonate with everyone else like it did with me (although the film seems to be getting a lot of positive feedback which I'm stoked about) but I don't think many could watch this masterpiece and not get something out of it. 10/10.
6 Certain films are very difficult to review. One such type, is a very well made film in which you absolutely hate the protagonist- and that dislike may or may not be what you are meant to feel in the directors eyes. "The Worst Person In the World" is exactly that kind of experience for me. I was not reminded of "Annie Hall", as were many, but rather imagine John Schlesinger's "Darling" if Diana Scott had no ambition or even, perhaps, a if Lewis Gilbert's "Alfie" with no balls (to at least own his bad behavior in the end).Julie (as in Julie Christie?) is an unrepentant narcissist who may seem to some to be wandering aimlessly through her late twenties/early thirties. She lives by the seat of her pants- first jumping from major to major in college and then from man to man. The film settles on two relationships in particular to follow. But Julie is not totally aimless, she makes choices based on her own level of priority. When she feels insecure in some way- she moves on. Not cutting it in Med school? Try Psychology. Boyfriend's getting so famous that no one notices you? Flee the party and crash a wedding in which you pretend to be someone important (a Doctor) so you can lecture others on child rearing.I wish I could say that as she gets older she gains insight- unfortunately, after leaving the "famous" boyfriend for the "barista" one she finds herself pregnant. Upon hearing that Aksel, the famous on, is dying of an incurable disease she feels she must go to him. She must go to him-while he is near death and ask him to help her with HER problem. Never mind he is pain, never mind he wanted desperately to have a baby with her, it's all about her problem. I thought it was one of the cruelest scenes I'd ever seen- but Renate Reinsve plays it like an innocent babe. Her great performance is something to behold- she's so good that many viewers seem to think she's a good person.The movie cuts her a major break by giving her a miscarriage- where we all knew what the fate of that baby was going to be. When Aksel tells her she would be a "great mother" I almost choked. Just because someone is dying doesn't necessarily give them any special knowledge of the truth-perhaps he loved her, so it's possible he believed this- but he was also pretty smart.This, therefore is my dilemma . If the film is, indeed, about a totally self absorbed woman who's life is skipping past her while she remains in a perpetual adolescence- then I say add two stars to make it an eight out of ten. Maybe it's a generational thing. Young people seem to find this funny- I'm not exactly sure what was funny. They also see her as "loving"-perhaps that's what passes for love these days. I just thought the title was meant sarcastically- but ,at least when I was 30 ,she would've been a contender.
10 Joachim Trier's "rom com for people who hate rom coms" is framed by shots of his 30-year-old heroine, a contemporary Miss Julie (Renate Reinsve) whose unduly harsh self-appraisal provides the film's title.By the way, this Julie is not that bad. Just an example of Millennial Malaise. Over the narrative's four years she goes through a restless search for her true self, two off-kilter love affairs, a pregnancy and miscarriage and finally a modest stability. It's all between - and in - those two shots.In the first she stands at the center of the screen, looking to our right. She is elegantly dressed and smoking - the idle center of her world. In the last shot she's seated at her worktable on the left side, facing left, working st her craft and current identity - photography. This is after her first lover has died of cancer and the second gone back to his wife and baby.Initially Julie tastes several careers - doctor, psychologist, art photographer, part-time bookseller, commercial photographer. The last shot leaves her functioning but at a careful remove from any vaunting idealism, as satirized in Eivind's absurdly activist Suvinna: "Batteries had blood on their hands. The sum of Western guilt sat beside him on the couch." As an on-set stills photographer Julie is at the fringe of the art-making life-probing world in which she engages us, indeed exists. The center proves peripheral.Julie's two affairs update traditional screwball comedy. She and cartoonist Aksel "fell in love" at the moment he ends their budding relationship because he's 10 years older than she is and hence with different focus.However more secure in himself, even his starry career is fractured by opposite forces. His comics indulge the antics of an obscenely macho bobcat (heir to the Fritz cat extension of the great Krazy). But the feature film adaptation violates his vision by neutering his character for the Christmas season. Aksel is equally helpless - but far less rewarded - when his TV turns into a feminist attack on the violence and sexism of his work. His cancer becomes a fatal emblem of that rot.In classic screwball style, Julie meets the married Eivind when she crashes a wedding. Having vowed not to betray their mates, they work out an intimacy without sex. That begins in their shared toilet stall scene and ends in Julie's shower miscarriage. Equally offbeat, they appear to establish their hectic romance in the few seconds it takes Aksel to pour her coffee.Julie ends both relationships because she can't fully feel or express herself in them. "Everything we feel, we have to put into words. Sometimes, I just want to feel things." She masterfully leads a man into explaining - thus exemplifying - "mansplaining." While Aksel mutters on, Julie is struck that at 30 she still identifies with young Bambi, insecure on ice. She both loves and doesn't love Aksel so feels she's playing a supporting role in her own life. So her fringe job in film at least sharpens her focus.This film's exploration of the modern woman is a salutary alternative to the mainstream Julie observes, which focuses exclusively on men and their issues. "Personally, I feel like I know everything about male problems. Erectile dysfunction, morning wood, infatuation with young women, premature ejaculation. It's in all the books and movies. Where's the menstrual period? Female orgasm and desire? Where?" As she observed her fellow students earlier, "Norway's future spiritual advisers" are "Mostly girls with borderline eating disorders."
As Aksel regards his shortening life, he's at odds with the current ethos of the insubstantial, the world of internet: "I grew up in a time when culture was passed along through objects. They were interesting because... we could live among them. We could pick them up. Hold them in our hands. Compare them." Now "It just happened... I began to worship what had been. And now I have nothing else. I have no future. I can only look back. And... It's not even nostalgia. It's... Fear of death. It's because I'm scared. It has nothing to do with art. I'm just trying to process."
And that's where we leave our Miss Julie, processing. The privileged young woman has just encountered the harsher reality of life and is at work. Remember, at 30 Julie's grandmother played Rebecca West in Rosmersholm! Working away on her film proofs, as the narrator telling her own story this Julie is making her way even while working at the commercial edge of her art. Even the marginal can find their center.
7 Reading the other reviews I am amazed polarizing this film seems to be. When I watched the film a few days ago at the Viennale (Vienna International Film Festival), I would never have thought that it could breed controversy. My feelings about it lie somewhere in between those comments. I never felt it to be boring but I also never thought it groundbreaking in any way. The film, especially in the beginning, has a light approach to the story, almost as if taking its main protagonist not too serious. The narration and chapter style enhances this impression. There are many, quite entertaining, cinematic ideas and moments, most remarkable the long "freeze" sequence and some animation scenes. I found those very fitting in a positive sense since the aim of the character was to find her own way of being. The male versus female relationship question about prospects, identity, future are discussed at length. Sexism is also a theme that creeps up. The film develops a deeper meaning toward the end while the final episode was a kind of let down experience which I don't want to elaborate, otherwise I would need to mark this with spoiler alert.The acting of all is first class and touching, but why there is such an excitement on the side of the critics eludes me.
7 7/10 - I was honestly expecting more from this buzzy Norwegian drama that in my opinion, had a stellar start but only a serviceable conclusion which soured what could have been a truly great film.
3 February 2022 Renate Reinsve as Julie, in writer/director Joachim's impressive dramedy, The Worst Person in the World, won best actress at Cannes in one of the smartest coming-of-age romantic comedies ever. Yes, and that includes Greta Gerwig or for a different take, Nora Ephron.Regardless of my allusions and illusions, just enjoy one of the best performances of the year, as she deftly plays the vagaries of a 20-something trying to fall in love and consider career choices that make sense for a heroine who has interest in medicine, psychology, and photography. An early fantasy scene where the world stops and she can do what she wants without consequences best expresses the Gen-Y hope of an uncomplicated life.She's unusually talented but held back by difficult choices and relatives like a drunken, estranged dad. In her ever-changing love life, she does time with a successful graphic artist, Aksel (Anders Danielsen Lie), and Eivind (Herbert Nordrum), whose notions about having a child help shape her future as a potential mother. The boys represent the challenges of any youngster with talent and not a clue where to go with it.More than the themes which writers Trier and Eskil Vogt offer in spare, Nordic style, is the emerging character of Millennial Julie, approaching 30, whose mother can only suffer ineffectually about Julie's abrupt career changes (Julie started out as a highly-ranked med student after all). As she begins to make a career of photography, she figuratively sees her life more sharply and contends with sticky decisions about having a baby and the like.The Worst Person in the World is one of the best dramedies this year and a fresh addition to that well-worn genre. In other words, she is not the worst person in the world nor are you for indulging your romantic urges.
6 She doesn't cares about anybody else, her feelings is the most important thing. She feels her problem is the biggest problem in the world without even have working problem, starving, caught in the war or any REAL problems. She want more but do nothing except hurting everybody who loved her. Good direction tough to show how Selfish at its finest can happen.
5 They keep describing her as young woman who can't decide what she wants in life. She's at or near 30 for most of the film. Is that young? Anyway, a dozen or so escapades in the life of julie. Most not all that interesting. Or "funny". You keep wondering what's so fascinating about her. Having said that, i have to tell you i haven't seen acting this good in a very long time. The main characters. Julie, aksel and eivind are all wonderful. See this movie for them.
6 The Worst Person In The WorldThis movie portrayed a flaky millennial women, it was as if the script writer played with the key identifiers of this generation both positive and negative. The movie touched on the positives, albeit briefly, namely that of a dissatisfaction with the world around them and a naked ambition to achieve their goals, however Julie threw the towel in as soon as the going got tough. Flitting from doctor training, mental health, photography and ending up in a bookstore. The movie then cleverly, and without any apparent judgement (this was left to the viewer) showed all the millennials negative traits, namely lazy, narcissistic and spoilt, the so called me-me-me generation, and believe me this character had it In spades!The movie had a light touch with no real overarching moralistic themes, we were merely observing this character as she progressed through her life. The acting was crisp from Renate Reinsve and she was never out of frame, I was convinced.In truth Julie was a most unattractive, self absorbed, self serving person and as the movie progressed you really didn't like her, by the end she hadn't really changed much, no revelatory epiphany here in my view, however it could be equally argued that embracing a single life and actually sticking at a photographic career may show some promise of maturity for the future. I found the end overly contrived and perfunctory. I think the editing left in too much of "ill" Aksel that added little to the story.I'm giving this a firm 6 outta 10, for holding my attention, recognising it is always difficult to judge the nuances of a subtitled movie.
6 The main character, Julie, became annoying in the first 5 minutes and stayed that way. Couldn't muster any empathy for her and as the film stayed with her closely the decent acting and cinematography couldn't engage me. One of those films where I was waiting for it to be over.
8 "Julie is a lucky girl in the pink, no one berates her for hopping from one mtier to another, no external forces assault her sanity. After dabbling in medical practice, psychology, writing, and photography, she comfily settles down as an employee in a bookstore, and both Askel and Eivind love her. Inconceivably, there is not a single mean bone in those two innocuous boyfriends. Askel is candid with her right from the start, he is much older than her, more often than not, the generational gap will become their kryptonite down the line if they go steady. Later, he also accepts the bombshell of breakup without grudge, he is pulverized, but incredibly respectful to Julie's decision, which makes the breakup sex even steamier."read my full review on my blog: Cinema Omnivore, thanks.
3 I have to agree that the performances and direction in this film are excellent, and at times it's humorous and quite engrossing. But by the end of the film I just couldn't forgive the main character for her incredible selfishness. The final straw for me was when she made no attempt to be with the man who had really loved her while he was dying, and instead walked around all night staring up at his hospital room seemingly focused only on herself and her feelings. It's disturbing how many people reviewing this film on IMDB are finding ways to excuse this woman's narcissistic behavior in order to call this a great film, and I'm almost certain that if the main character had been male they would instead be denigrating him. It's rare for me to walk out of a film feeling depressed, but I certainly did in this case.
10 I loved it. The best film I've watched in 2021. It's not easy to classify, it is part psychological drama, part comedy. The film is certainly not for everyone, and distributors advertising it as "comedy" do not help. Surely the more serious, pensive elements dominate comedic moments. The soundtrack plays a huge role, it's excellent and adds much to the experience. Actors do a very good job, especially the main actress and the actor playing her most important life partner (there's a few of them). It is expertly directed and edited. All in all a great movie, never boring though it deals with important life choices and the weighty question of what constitutes a good life and what makes a person good or bad. I plan to rewatch it.
9 The new movie from Joachim Trier starring Renate Reinsve in an absolute star making turn tells the story of Julia in 12 chapters about her indecisiveness and her lack of empathy towards others and how she overcomes this.Renate Reinsve carries this movie as she embodies the character so well. The character Julia, is fascinating. At first glance she is likeable, incredibly charismatic and she just makes you fall in love with her. But as the movie goes on we get to know her dark side. She really cant take a strong decision which she will stick to, but rather jumps from one place to another, thereby hurting people that love her. So basically the movie is about the responsibility of growing up and having to take decisions knowing full well that these decisions affect people around you too.But the best thing about the movie, other than Renate's performance, is the atmosphere. It's as if you are in Oslo with those characters which we can attribute to the wonderful production and directing. Add to that there ae two surreal scenes which are probably the best cinematic moments of the year. One is where the world just stops and Julia spends a day with her new lover. The scene is so beautiful and so so sad too. The other scene is when Julia takes mushroom and has a trip where we get to know her character a lot (Similar to the dream scenes in Sopranos), her fears and insecurities. The imagery in that scene is truly magnificent and scary.But I don't think the movie is flawless. I think the director was afraid of the movie being labelled generic, that he tried too hard to subvert from it. (For example, the ironic use of narration) I thought it was unnecessary as the scenes were so genuine and so well made that it didn't matter it was explored before. I think the director should have just trusted the actors and the plot more and just made it as it is.In the end, I do think it is one of the best movies of the year, with probably the best performance of the year (along with KStew in Spencer) by Renate. Even if you aren't a fan of Romcoms, you will enjoy this as it is a wonderful character study of someone growing up and taking responsibility of her own life.
8 The Worst Person in the World is Triers last film in his Oslo trilogy (Reprise, Oslo August 31th), and it's about a women named Julie (Reinsve) whom is struggling to find her place in the world.Virtue is the quality of being a good person and doing the right things, both for yourself and for others. I believe that Trier is problematizing this in this film by asking the question about whether or not you should do whats expected from the world around you, like settling for a more or less standardized life in forms of career and familiy, or if you should be out there and experiment to find your place in a rather confusing modern society.Julie is on her way into her thirties and is in a relationship with Aksel (Danielsen). She is an indecisive individual when it comes to what to make out of her life. Aksel, being in his mid forties, is ready to have a familiy of his own, but Julie is not ready for that just yet. Her search for an meaningful existence leads her to another man named Eivind (Norddrum), which she falls in love with. She leaves Aksel in hope for that this time, things will be different, but will it be so?This film is beautiful and intelligent. The way it depitcs todays social relations and culture in Norway, and probably other places in the world, is spot-on. All characters are deep and profound, where everyone of them playes an important role in the story no matter how big their part is on the screen. Everything seems to be in its right place.The Worst Person in the World is another great film by Joachim Trier.
4 The photo is the only interesting part of this movie, being about a woman who can never make up her mind about anything, something which affects everyone around her negatively. So the story is really boring. Even my girlfriend thought so, although this movie is supposed to "talk to" women.
6 66/100To say that I had high expectations would be an understatement to the anticipation I truly felt for this film. A coming-of-age of a woman in her 30s sounded like that breath of fresh air that a character study needed. That must have been my warning that even if I tried my best, I wouldn't be able to connect with the film.Now, I'm not 30. In fact, I like to think that I'm too distant from that age and, although I was able to share many of the uncertainties that the protagonist experienced despite the age difference, if anything, those same concerns made me feel that my experiences could not be related to those of an older person who, perhaps, shares those same discomforts.The fact that the film doesn't prioritize those same themes doesn't help. There's a sub-plot that hints that the starkly contrasting and instantaneous decisions coming out of the protagonist would eventually lead to what she was running away from in the first place.It came out at a point where this very character needed something new to provide the audience. But it was only mentioned in an overly perfunctory way, leaving me wondering how it could've possibly tied to the film for his own benefit.At first, our protagonist feels the way she should've felt by the end of the film. Making her, well, not to my liking, at least not in the way that a movie called "The Worst Person in the World" would pretend. The same film that, above all, invites me to give it another chance in the future and, probably, by that point in my life, I will have a little more to say.
7 Well written and very well acted. Some scens do take a little too long for my liking. After a while you're like 'ok, we get it'. But apart from that, overall pretty great.7/10: very good, but not amazing.
8 This is NOT a casual watch, nor is it really a horror film in the traditional sense. You Won't Be Alone is so bizarre, unconventional, and sometimes grotesque that I'm honestly baffled that it got funding. But I'm very glad that it did.It's technically a witch movie, but it's also kind of an alien movie. Let me explain...No spoilers here, but the premise follows a young witch in the 19th century who was kept isolated from humanity until adulthood, then experiences what it's like to be human for the first time by taking over the bodies of villagers and living out their lives.The rest of the film is a soulful meditation that is essentially an alien observing how humans think, feel, and how they treat one another. It gives a very unique perspective on the simple things in life that we often take for granted, both good and bad.It made me grateful for the full spectrum of human pleasures and pains-happiness and heartbreak.The weirdness of the witch elements and the story's slow pace will definitely turn a lot of people off. The fact that a good chunk of the film just portrays normal simple lives being lived makes some moments feel rather repetitive. Sometimes I found myself thinking "I get the point, and I like the point, but let's move on now."Still, this is one of those films that had such ambition that I can't help but admire it-even the small stuff I didn't personally care for.If you are in a thinking mood, this is a soulful, dark drama that will certainly satisfy.
7 Greetings again from the darkness. Perhaps you are a normal movie lover and have never wondered what it might be like if director Terrence Malick delved into the horror genre. Well, the first feature film from writer-director Goran Stolevski gives every indication that he has spent entirely too much time with such thoughts. This arthouse folk horror film will likely frustrate many with its unconventional approach, odd narrative, and spiritual narration that hardly contributes to the characters in the story.Opening in a remote mountain village in 19th century Macedonia, we witness a 'Wolf-eatress" witch named 'Old Maid Maria' (Anamarie Marinca; 4 MONTHS, 3 WEEKS AND 2 DAYS, 2007) visiting a mother (Kamka Tocinovski) and her newborn baby. It turns out Maria has a taste for newborn blood, but the mother negotiates a deal which would allow her to raise her daughter Nevena until Maria takes her in teen years. The child is then hidden away in a cave, isolated for years and mostly feral when Maria returns. Teenage Nevena (Sara Klimoska) knows nothing of the outside world and sets out on her journey of life lessons, guided by Maria, a witch who may or may not have her best interests at heart.Shape-shifting, or assuming the form of their victims is a trait that Maria passes along to her protg. This process is quick and brutal, and we see it played out along the way as Nevena takes over a local mother (Noomi Rapace), so as to get a taste of normalcy, a wolf (just because?), a man (Carlota Cota) so as to absorb power and experience sex, and a young woman (Alice Englert) in order to give birth to a child. This shape-shifting is referred in the movie as "dressed in corpse", which is a spot-on description. The Wolf-eatress follows closely, but does give her new daughter the space to explore humans, though Maria does not share the appeal.There are some excellent scenes in the film, but it leaves the impression of trying too hard to come across as Malick doing horror. Still, with some similarities to Robert Eggers' horror gem, THE WITCH (2015), there is enough atmosphere of terror to keep us engaged and working through the often-confounding narration. As a bonus, it leaves us with the perfect final line, "And yet ..."
Opening in theaters on April 1, 2022.
4 Saw this back at the 2022 Sundance Film Festival.The story is about a young witch in the 19th century who was kept isolated from humanity until adulthood, then experiences what it's like to be human for the first time by taking over the bodies of villagers and living out their lives. Australian director Goran Stolevski takes influence on experimental, artsy and cinematic horror movies from the past and tries to create his version of witchcraft horror like "The Witch". However, unlike "The Witch", "You Won't Be Alone" suffers from a really basic narrative and felt really repetitive as it goes on. Stolevski no doubt is trying his best which I applaud him for doing so. But the problem is that it relies way too much on the beauties of the camerawork, production, and performances which overshadows the story and characters.The production costumes that sets the period of Macedonian culture is interesting, most of the performances are pretty good besides a few of them being really bad, and some really good visual effects that looked really good. The actors portraying the main character was an interesting choice I must say. These positive aspects are overshadow by an repetitive annoying soundtrack that didn't fit the tone of the film at all, uninteresting characters that I wish were given enough depth but unfortunately had no emotionally barring to connect with, and the narration provided felt like the movie didn't know how to find creative ways to present the story so they just gave us exposition instead of allowing the audiences to be creative and think about it.The almost 2 hour runtime pretty much doesn't feel worth it as this film would work if it was trimmed down. Because there are several scenes that almost felt like filler and had no purpose but to fill out the runtime. Stolveski wasn't able to create a masterpiece here and it ends up becoming forgettable by the end of the day. This is someone who loves weird horror movies and slow burn thrillers. But this one was disappointing, but I do believe that there is still something to value in this movie. It's just didn't do it for me.Rating: C-
10 When picking out my Sundance festival lineup, this was one of my top two picks.This film is so much more then horror. It's a deep dive into what it is to exist.In the very beginning a mothers child is tainted by a witch, out of fear she hides her daughter into some sort of cavelike rock formation.I found the beginning to be a metaphor for Plato's cave. Living your most impressionable years in a rock formation unable to leave, only learning from the limited scope of your world.Eventually the witch who tainted the child returns to free her from her mothers rule.Through various lenses, (a mother/wife, a dog, a man, a child who grows into an adult) she learns what it is to exist. What love, anger, fear, and exhaustion are. She learns of the discrimination of women and what sisterhood is. Then as a man tries to help understand the inherited misogyny.However the film really takes off when she transforms into the child. She is able to help inhabit this child's body until early adulthood. It's then that she learns that there was always more for her then what was provided. She learns curiosity, playfulness, and the importance of family. But most of all she learns of love.However lurking in the background of her experiences is the witch, foreboding that all of these attempts will fail.However one's experience is not the others. We learn of a folklore tale that is actually the true story of how the witch came to be. It is full of betrayal and brutality.The end climaxes in a standoff with the women and the witch. The witch asks how it was so easy for her (with a home, a (recently murdered by the witch) husband and a child). She doesn't answer, but the answer is clear.She used her powers to understand life. The witch used hers for revenge and torment.A metaphor to me of how good triumphs evil through the power of empathy and understanding.
8 Normal movie goers will hate this for its slow pace, subtitles, lack of dialogue and its 'show don't tell' style of plot exposition. Fans of cinematic art will love it for the same reasons.It wouldn't surprise me if this gets remade in the an English language version as the plot is unique and scary enough.The director is obviously inspired by Terence Malick movies and the folk horror element is drawn from movies like Robert Eggers' The Witch.I found this to be enthralling, surprising and one of the most inventive movies I've seen this year.
8 Caught an advance screening tonight, never have I felt such a palpable energy in a theater of normies not enjoying a movie so much it hurts. Yes people did leave. It's subtitled, and slow, and beautiful. And makes you ponder life, and existence, and beauty, and pain. If you want a one dimensional summer blockbuster this ainttttttt it.That being said, if you love folk horror, atmospheric horror, art house, Eggers, Aster, Von Trier, etc, you will love it :)
8 I was impressed by the unusual storyline as a woman attempts to fit in with normal people even though she is a witch with abnormal abilities. The cast is excellent and scenery spooky. Rapace leads the ensemble and everyone is up to the task. The film is in Serbian and the subtitles are at times not grammatically correct. Even so, I rank this as a top tier horror movie.
9 I had no idea what this movie was about when I stumbled across it. I just saw horror as a genre and Noomi Rapace underneath the title and as I like both I though I would give it a go. Before I watch anything, I generally check the rating on IMDB without reading any reviews and as this had a score of above 6/10 on IMDB it confirmed my decision so I pushed play.I quite like Noomi but her last movie, Lamb, left me a bit disappointed so I was keen to see if this one was any better."Packaged" as a horror (a character deemed to be a witch, some blood and gore) this really is a reflection on life. It unfolds like a David Attenborough documentary and the filmography is just as fantastic even if it is in a 4:3 aspect ratio. The main character was raised in cave with no human interaction except seeing her mother for an hour or so a few times a week until the age of 16. She then departs her prison and we journey with her through life as she learns both the good and bad of human nature and emotion.I don't generally like dramas but this had me spellbound. It is slow and you need to give this all of your attention to be rewarding. The TikTok generation will quit after the first 5 minutes and I won't try to persuade them. For the "more mature" folk who have finished a few seasonal cycles in life and who have loved, was loved, lost love, was bullied, ridiculed and outcast - there is a lot to reflect on.Give this one a watch. It is the best movie I seen this year.
9 YOU WON'T BE ALONE (2022) *** Sara Klimoska, Noomi Rapace, Anamaria Marinca, Alice Englert. An outstanding horror film that is more of a think piece folktale/Grimm's fairy tale, than genre flick that takes place in 19th century Macedonia where a witch makes a pact with a woman to spare her baby until she reaches her 16th birthday and then comes back to claim her debt which in turn has the feral girl experience a truly unsettling life experience. Filmed with elegiac imagery and a poetic pace thanks largely to the creative talents of its filmmaker Goran Stolevski in his directorial debut and Matthew Chuang's painterly touch in cinematography.
21 April 2022 How could this be horror when I felt so bored and almost dozed off? The movie was a stream of consciousness sprinkled with whisper-coo voice-overs, like watching a 100-minute commercial for tourism. So dreadfully dull and bland. It's probably good as a cure for insomniac.
9 This is a movie that I got turned on to when looking at movies that were horror and playing at Sundance Film Festival. I put it down on a list of potential movies to see. When I saw that this was coming to the Gateway Film Center, I asked my wife if she was interested in seeing this one. She confirmed, so we went opening night. I had read her the synopsis coming in so that was about the extent of what I knew. For this movie, we are in an isolated mountain village in 19th century Macedonia where a young girl is kidnapped and then transformed into a witch by an ancient spirit.To preface this, we don't get a lot of dialogue. What we do is mostly given through voice-over narration. We start with a cat that journeys to a village. A group of children are playing hide-and-seek. They annoy a woman who lives and she sends them away. She has a baby that I believe is named Nevena. Things take a turn when Old Maid Maria (Anamaria Marinca) appears. She is a local witch who is covered in scars. We learn what caused them later. The mother pleads with her to leave the baby until she is sixteen. From that point on, she can have the child. Maria agrees to these terms. Before she goes, she injuries the infant. Jaime wasn't sure what happened here, but I believe she rips her tongue out.The mother then hides her child in a sacred cave. There are drawings on the wall so I'm guessing this is a primitive church of sorts. She leaves the baby there and then goes into the village, calling out that a wolf ate her child. Nevena grows up to be played by Sara Klimoska. She is dancing around this cave as her form of entertainment. She is limited in not being able to leave. Her mother visits her, bringing her food. Nevena wants to go with her mother but is scolded. She fears for what will happen if her daughter does.Everything changes when a hawk comes into the cave. When Nevena's mother shows up, she believes it to be Maria. The mother chases after it and we hear a noise. Maria then appears. She takes Nevena with her. During their travels, Maria curses this younger woman and then tries to teach her the ways that she survives. This repulses Nevena and Maria abandons her. Nevena learns through spying on Maria how to shape-shift. We then see Nevena taking the form of a woman, a man and even child to survive. She also learns humanity that she missed out on due to her isolated upbringing. She also learns heartbreak.That is where I'm going to leave my recap. There isn't a lot to the story as it is more of following Nevena as she takes the form of a few different people. I debated going a bit deeper into things here, but I don't want to give things away. Personally, I don't think it would hurt to know. Some people who read my reviews like to come in knowing as little as possible, which is why I'm playing this closer to the vest.Where I will start then with my breakdown is that this is an interesting time. We don't know for sure, but as the synopsis stated, we are in the 1800s. The people that we are following are peasants. Their lot every day is to ensure they have food. We see Bosilka (Noomi Rapace) give birth then at once go back into the field to work. This is a hard life. It is a shame to have a vengeful witch like Maria praying on these people as they don't have much. Maria is an interesting character that I will circle back to.I will focus first though on Nevena. She is cursed as a baby. First by her mother to protect her. I thought it was interesting that she would carry on that her baby was taken. She is sets plans in motion to hide and protect Nevena. It doesn't work of course. The problem though is that it stunts her daughter's growth. She never learns to speak. I have reason to believe her tongue was ripped out due to one of the forms she takes later in the movie. If she hadn't, I think she could learn. The different forms that she takes are interesting. It gives her life experiences that one person couldn't get in a lifetime. When Jaime and I were talking at the end, that was an intriguing thing to have here. It also showed some things that Jaime pointed out.What I mean there is how people are treated. It is in a way here that I wasn't expecting. When Nevena takes on the form of a woman, she no longer can speak. The people that know her just believe this to be a 'woman' affliction. It doesn't bother them. This does get awkward to the point where I was uncomfortable since Nevena doesn't know how to act around them. When she takes the form of a male, they think he's possessed by evil spirits and try to exorcise them. This was fascinating to me. Reflecting on this, they needed the man more so him acting differently, they tried to save him. For the woman, they just chalked it up to her changing. Nevena's best cover is as a child. This works, because when she took her over, something bad happened to her. This becomes the most heartbreaking for her though as well. I thought this made for interesting social commentary here for the different things Nevena experienced.Now I'll come back to Maria. From the beginning, we get the idea that she is known as a witch. We learn later that she is a legend and ghost story of sorts in the area. Maria is a bitter woman who kills for food. A few different people point out to her about wanting a child. When we learn the tale, we get to see her backstory play out. I'm glad they did this. By the end of the movie, I said to Jaime that I felt bad for her. She did point out that it doesn't justify the horrible things that she did and she's right. We see that Maria got a raw deal. She was older during this era and was considered an 'old maid'. The man that wanted to marry her wasn't what she was expecting. His family did something horrible to her. She tried to get what she wanted, but it backfired. Humanizing her is a strategic thing to do here to complicate her character for me.That should be enough for the story so I'll go over to the acting, which I thought was good. Rapace is an actor that I've never seen do anything bad. Her performance is good for the range that she shows. I like Englert as well. She was cute despite the rough life she is living. One of the best performances is Marinca. She is such a villain through most of it. Once we learn of her past, it makes a lot of sense why. Kilmoska is solid. I like all those that are playing the possessed versions to mimic how Nevena acted in the beginning. That was well done. Other than that, I'd say the rest of the cast was solid to round this out for what was needed. They do well in pushing our leads to where they needed to end up for sure.All that is left are the cinematography, effects and the soundtrack. For the former it is great. We get some beautiful shots. This was well played. Pulling in the effects, it feels like we are seeing these characters live in the past. That was impressive to me. I also think the focus of the shot is good to hide effects. We get to see Maria changing into different things, some of which on camera. I did enjoy that. We get blood that looks good. There are claws that are witches have. They were fine for the most part. There were just a couple times I could tell they were fake. It was practical so I'll give credit there. Other than that, I thought the soundtrack fit. It helped to build the atmosphere when needed for me.In conclusion, this movie is one that I'm glad I waited until the next day to get my thoughts down. I liked this leaving the theater, but the more I think about it, the more I did. We have an interesting period piece here. We are seeing a witch alter the life of a young woman and the effects it has on her. There is interesting commentary that Nevena learns through this. The acting is good across the board. The best performance being Marinca. It feels like we are in the era it took place. The cinematography is great and the soundtrack fits for what was needed. This movie is a slow burn. Be aware of that. I don't think everyone will like this one, to the point where I can see it being polarizing. If you like a bit more meat on the bone for your viewing, see this one.My Rating: 8.5 out of 10.
8 Dark, slow, disturbing, poetic, beautifully shot, tender, makes you ponder your existence, and one of the best portrayals of a witch I have seen.Watched at Cinema 21.
8 This is not a Noomi Rapace vehicle. Instead, she fits into the ensemble seamlessly. And even though there are some lambs in it, it does not resemble Lamb (2021). Granting credence to the witchcraft and magic stuff does something way beyond delivering a cheap thrill: it puts the viewer into the mindset of that dark ages Serbian village. Those people would have been dead certain that they saw fingernails become claws, or mistaken a woman badly burned in a bungled witch-burning for a spectral being. The tools and textiles of that pre-pre-industrial village are exquisitely authentic. All this is well worth the candle--even if those villagers did not have candles. The only film I think it compares with is La guerre du feu (1981).
10 After making a covenant with the witch who came to take her baby girl, a mother hides the girl away ... until the fateful day arrives.I spent the first twenty minutes silently noting that movies need action, even the meaningful kind of movie - especially the meaningful kind. Then I fell under a spell, and this thing just glided by in all its glory. The fairy-tale effect gradually gains substance, until the sense of life in death and death in life winds around itself.I suppose it's a picaresque tale, cycling through to the original scene, but rather than move from situation to situation, it's from body to body. The obscure voice-over seems to have a similar function to the score, which itself is subtle and interesting. And there really is nothing more fascinating on screen than the human face - and here the camera hardly ever leaves it as we switch through the actors.Folk horror is not my favourite, and The VVitch I found kinda tedious, but this is way superior. It may just be that I dig the Slavic vibe of peasant macabre: The Viy, Come and See, III, even Valerie and Her Week of Wonders - all fascinating in their way, and this is up there with them.Performances, camera work, sound design are all excellent, and the sense of mucky enchantment in the landscape is nicely done. So, despite my inability to explain what this is all about, I give it the full recommendation.
9 Just saw this at our local arthouse cinema. An astonishing film, and all the more so for being the director's feature-length debut. Complex and tightly-woven storytelling without a single wasted shot. First-rate ensemble acting and a score to match. Horror, yes, but with a palpable sense of longing that takes the story beyond the genre into something far more grand and sweeping. A friend described it as Hagazussa meets Tree of Life and that's as good a description as you're likely to find. It's going to stick with me for a good while--haunting, beautiful, and subtly profound.
3 When I sat down to watch the 2022 drama horror "You Won't Be Alone" from writer and director Goran Stolevski, it was without ever having heard about the movie, nor knowing anything about it aside from what the synopsis managed to present.But I figured that with it being a Macedonian language based movie, and a horror movies nonetheless, that I hadn't already seen, of course I found the time to sit down and watch it. And truth be told, then I found the movie's cover/poster to be somewhat alluring and interesting.And while "You Won't Be Alone" definitely started out okay and seemed to have potential, the movie quickly fell into a slow trot and never really picked up pace. And while I am not familiar with Indo-European folklore and superstitions, then "You Won't Be Alone" proved to be somewhat of a drag to sit through. And worse still, was the fact that the movie was so incredibly slow paced and rather uneventful.Sure, there were aspects to the storyline that was actually good and nicely told, but the overall picture here was just one of the movie not really falling into my liking.I will say, however, that the acting performances in "You Won't Be Alone" were good. Needless to say that I wasn't familiar with a single performer on the cast list here, aside from Noomi Rapace.Ultimately, while I did manage to sit through all of "You Won't Be Alone", then it wasn't a movie that particularly entertained me. And this is not a movie that I will ever return to watch a second time, nor is it a movie that I would recommend you rush out to get to watch.My rating of writer and director Goran Stolevski's "You Won't Be Alone" lands on a very generous three out of ten stars.
7 Amazingly enough I saw this film at a local AMC during its limited run. This film is very much a cross between The Witch (2015) and Under the Skin (2013). It is very slow moving and methodical but follows a coherent plot. A very visual film and though it has a narrator there isn't as much as emphasis on dialogue. If you enjoy folklore, A24 type horror films then this is worth your time. This film has a very narrow audience and will not appeal to many people. You have been warned.
5 What I did like : creative story, with a good direction and a somewhat feel good ending. Decent effects, and visuals.What I didn't like : a clashing score that changes on a dime, ASMR narration, would have been better as a short film, felt bloated clocking in just under 2 hours.
23 April 2022 Turned it off after 10 mins. This one was a no. Not sure about the raving critiques. After seeing the 7.3 for X and all the sparkling reviews there, I have my doubts about the ones here being real. X is now under a 7. This one was at 6.8 when I tried it out. We'll see what happens. I mean, 8's 9's and 10's? Come on, man.
3 A Macedonian language arthouse horror drama with a clever form of storytelling within the low budget limitations and yet it looked phenomenal and fantastic. A grounded realistic witch tale with mesmerizing music, atmospheric locations and a brilliant cast. It's not really a full-blown horror film. An emotional drama filled with trauma and grief.
5 The basic concept is concrete and intense.However, the execution failed to inject the same to the viewer.It is slow paced, and the initial phase is a bit off the element to grab your attention.
6 Good movie to watch for especially the movie deals with the practices of witchcraft during early 1900's period the movie is a gimme tale nice picturisation.
8 From reading the reviews here it is clearer than ever that a lot of people just don't enjoy or understand movies like this. It's a perfect example of why I always watch films I'm interested in and not base decisions on others opinions. To me this film is a tale of human life based around an outsiders point of view that has no previous understanding of emotions, love, loss, tragedy etc. She is cursed with little if any chance to be happy in life forever no matter who she is and what path is taken, but like all of mankind, learns as she goes. We as humans enjoy good times, but will always face tough and even horrible times. Even though we know these events are inevitable we persevere and continue on life's journey. So that's what I got from the film, maybe I'm way off? I don't think so though. Is it a movie I'd watch over and over again? Maybe one more time but probably not more than that. Am I glad I watched it, YES. It has my mind whirling a decent amount. It's not a "lets watch a fun Halloween horror flick movie" and definitely not a date night movie. It's slow and requires a good night sleep before hand. That said, I never felt like it was a waste of time like some people have said. You have to enjoy the idea that myths are based on real life's horrors. Being alone in this world can be scarier than any horror story monsters ever can be.
9 I was watching and bearly believing it. It's like Bela Tarr, Robert Eggers, and Terrence Malik decided to make a film together, and this is the product. A living, moving poem! A fearless work of uncompromised vision! It's Art at its purest!It's a small film in terms of production value, but with its humble means of making a movie, it can awaken some of the most powerful emotions you'll ever experience watching a film. The film examines human nature; what it means to be human in an original, elevated cinematic language. Sure, the cinematography and the camera-work in its entirety may come off as a bit hurriedly, not very well thought out. But what it lacks in visuals, the film makes up for it with its tender score, raw acting performances, and unflinching direction.'You Won't Be Alone is a film you can't talk much about without interpreting it. I think people will come out of the movie with different interpretations of it, and as far as I am concerned, that's one of the most luxurious qualities of a film as long as that's the filmmaker's goal with it. And that's what this film implied to me. Goran Stolevski embraces one of the most daring storytelling techniques, "don't tell, show," and navigates through this bizarre endeavor not like it's his debut film but a career-peek masterpiece. It's a challenging film. The slow pace, the unwarned jumps in time, and characters showing up without introductions would all present limited appeal to the masses. But to those in the right frame of mind to delve fully into it, the film it'll be a satisfying encounter. It's cinema for the feeling, not for the superficial intellect. The film feels designed to be an experience for the soul. And to think, cinema of these proportions is being made so close to me - it's a Macedonian film, set in the 19th or 20th century Macedonia, and it stays so close to the Albanian-similar Macedonian folklore - thrills me.
9 We are all born in the cave our parents made from their believes, when we find out we can Think, reasoning and choose for ourselves we start our own journey.A wise person will go toward the light even if the devil made a deal with your ancestors about you.There is no god helping you in this way except your intellection.The first years of her life n the cage is an outside example of the parental control system based on their fears.Coming out and exploring the world is when a child stand against dictation.Facing the truth in a male, female and a child body is the reality of life.Defeat the devil is when you figure out humanity is the best religion.
10 A lot has been said and written about Interstellar. You can obviously take apart any movie that is out there. You'll either love this one or you won't. I kind of would have loved to have watched this on an IMAX screen, the sheer scope of the whole thing. It's just amazing, what Nolan has put on screen here. It's not only the visual experience (there is no 3D here by the way), it's the story/ride you take with it. It might be clear to some earlier than to others, where it's heading (no pun intended), but it doesn't change the fact that it's beautiful ... and terrifying at the same time.Going out and saying this will be considered a classic, might not be too far stretched, but you still can never predict those things. The deserved love the movie gets on IMDb and other places would be an indicator that this will ring true though. The acting is really good, but I can understand if some people have issues with the ending. But the movie had to end in one way or another. It's the best possible way this could go, even if it's not in our grasps just yet ...
10 After watching this insane movie in the theatres back in 2014 I swore to god I will wait 5 years to watch it again so I get to forget it and experince the insanity it has again
This without doubt is THE BEST MOVIE EVER MADE
10 Interstellar is a movie like no other. Unlike many apocalyptic sci-fi films that feature advanced technology as the source of our destruction (ala The Terminator movies), it instead asserts that technology will save us.Not everyone in Interstellar recognizes the potential of advanced technology. Most dismiss it as a waste of time and resources, and not just old curmudgeons feel this way. Thoughtful, intelligent young characters share this sentiment. This belief gained steam following a world-wide blight that wiped out the vast majority of life on earthcrops and humans.Farming became paramount while advanced technology was deemed frivolous. Cooper (McConaughey) remains one of the few survivors who still appreciates the need for engineering. He feels like a man lost in time, until he stumbles into the headquarters of NASA (which had been operating in secret due to public disapproval). Here he meets others who realize that a return to our old ways is unsustainable and will ultimately lead to our demise. We need technology to save us. As Michael Caine, playing the brilliant (duh!) Professor Brand, eloquently tells Cooper, "we were never meant to save the world. We were meant to leave it." For a movie that won an Oscar for Best Visual Effects (and deservedly so) the sound stole the show. Hans Zimmer (Dark Knight Trilogy) unleashed a performance that was, quite appropriately, out of this world. Never have I seen a movie elevated so much by its score. The sound literally took my breath away. Forgive me for the next paragraph. I will gush irresponsibly about the magic that is this movie's sound. Skip it if you please. You have your warning.The music fueled every important scene. In every meaningful moment Zimmer's harmonies captivated watchers' attention in the way of a coach commanding a locker room with a pregame speech. The music elucidated those emotional scenes, particularly ones featuring Cooper and his daughter, in a way that no words or visual ques possibly could. I sat frozen, jaw agape, with tears pouring down my cheeks as the music completely overwhelmed my emotions. The sound penetrated my soul and reverberated through my body, flowing to my appendages, supplying me with life like a heartbeat pumping blood through my veins. The music was truly the life force of movie.Yes, we all witnessed a visual triumph, a daring creative wonder the likes of which we haven't encountered since Inception. Yes, nearly every actor's performance proved worthy of commendation. McConaughey is on fire. Chastain is blossoming into a star. At this point Michael Cain exudes such knowledge and wisdom by merely appearing on screen that if he were cast as Albert Einstein, people would wonder if the role were beneath him. All this considered, and the sound still towered over everything.I walked out of the theater believing that I had experienced something unique, something truly special. Interstellar inspires, it awes, and above all it entertains. I cannot ask for more than that.
10 You know watching a movie that is great but not just quite perfect as you'd want it to be? Well this was and still is the only perfect film I have ever seen. The atmospheric soundtrack by Hans Zimmer is beautifully done. The story and characters are absolutely the best you can make them. The CGI in the film is top notch as is the acting. This film is just perfect as it can't get any better than it is. Bravo Nolan. I will never again see a movie as good as this one I am 99.99% sure. The only .01% of positivity is if Nolan himself manages to top this one.
9 A team of explorers travel through a wormhole in an attempt to ensure humanity's survival.Going into this I had mixed feelings because some have praised it, others have panned it, and some say it is good with reservations. There were allegedly issues with he sound in theaters, and any number of other issues. Then, when we get to the Oscars, the film gets nominations in the technical fields but not in the top honors.This was wrong. Maybe this is not the best role from Matthew McConaughey or Anne Hathaway. Though, the fact that a "Hathaway hater" like myself enjoyed it should say something. And I think Jessica Chastain should have received a Best Supporting nomination. She easily outshines Laura Dern in "Wild".This may be the greatest ever film about physics.
10 I judge a movie by how long it takes me to realize I need the bathroom, how long the movie can hold my interest and how convincing the events unfolding are. Well, I watched this movie all the way through with no bathroom breaks. My interest was grabbed from the start and held all the way through. Being old enough, and lucky enough to have watched the premiere of 2001 A Space Odyssey - and viewed it several times since - of course I made comparisons, and there were a few, but this movie tells an excellent stand alone story that is both riveting and believable. I'm not going to give away any secrets but anyone who watches the last five minutes or so without a lump in their throat and a tear in their eye, well you're a critic, you're not enjoying the movie because you're too busy looking for bloopers and faults. Were there bloopers and faults? The darn movie was so riveting if there were any I didn't notice them!
9 Set in a future where crop species are going extinct one after another former test pilot Joseph Cooper is now a farmer growing corn. His daughter Murphey thinks there is a ghost in her room; Cooper doesn't believe in ghosts but accepts that something is there when the dust on the floor is a set of coordinates in binary form. He goes to that location and finds himself at a NASA base where he learns of a secret programme to find another habitable world involving a wormhole discovered near Saturn. He is asked to take part in a mission to find the best planet out of three orbiting a black hole; each of which has a scientist who went on a one way mission sending data back. The plan is to find a world to transfer humanity to but if that is impossible there is a back-up plan for the crew to raise the 5000 embryos stored aboard their ship. Time is an issue as it moves at a different rate near the black hole; this means that as hours pass for Cooper years are passing back on Earth.This film starts at a gentle pace gradually explaining what has happened to the Earth before getting the mission to save the world started; this means the separation of Cooper and Murphey is more emotional. Once the mission is underway there is plenty of tension, including some particularly gripping moments on the second planet they visit. The small cast does a fine job; especially Matthew McConaughey, who plays Cooper; Anne Hathaway, who plays Amelia Brand a scientist aboard the mission; and Mackenzie Foy and Jessica Chastain, who play the younger and older Murphey. The effects looked great, as one would expect in a film from Christopher Nolan, and I was pleased that space was depicted as silent; something that is both scientifically correct but also more impressive. Things do get a little confusing near the end but in a way that made me want to watch again rather than causing frustration.Overall I'd recommend this to somebody looking for intelligent science fiction in the mould of '2001  A Space Odyssey' although this has more emotion to it than that classic.
10 The earth is plagued with droughts, famines and other apocalyptic disasters. Mankind must find a way to leave planet earth once and for all. An earth-like planet has been discovered in another solar system. A spaceship can travel fast through a wormhole though interstellar space but can Cooper get there and return to earth in time to see his daughter before she grows too old?The Aging of Murph vs her father Cooper the answer is relativity playing a factor in aging - how fast time runs depend on the relative position of the observer and the subject.Incredible movie - HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!10/10
10 I hadn't seen this but movie and caught it on a flight back from the DR. 
One of my favorite movies of all time. I would give the first half of the movie an 11/10, just completely enjoyed it as a sci fi/ thriller(in the sense of so much always being on the line). I loved the acting and just yeah, a great movie and one you should go see if you never have
8 To this day , many people still talk a lot about Christopher Nolan's "Batman"-trilogy, but here is his newest work: "Interstellar". He gets help from Michael Caine and Anne Hathaway again and a couple more familiar faces. One year after Cuarn with Gravity, he discovers the endless widths of space as well. The difference, however is that a large part of his movie, including the first 40 minutes or so completely, plays down on Planet Earth. However, it is also about survival in space, including two people instead of one though. Or you could probably say the whole human race and not one individual fate.This is like our generation's "Armageddon", only that it is much better and much more edge-of-the-seat. The lead character is played by Matthew McConaughey, whose career is still on a massive high after numerous critically lauded performances and an Academy Award win. "Interstellar" is much more than Sci-Fi though. I personally found the film was at its best when it touched more the emotional relationships of the characters. The water planet sequence was incredibly well done. And right afterward, when Cooper (McConaughey) sees how his beloved family has aged and become parents, it is truly moving as well. I had a lump in my throat just like I did when he meets his very old daughter at the end of the movie. The inclusions with the old people telling about the past seem a bit odd at first, but make sense towards the end as we find out who is speaking there really.Then, I also had a love-hate relationship with the Matt Damon parts. I found it pretty boring to be honest initially, but when we found out about his true intentions, it quickly turns into one of the best parts of the film. Nicely done. When Caine's character mentioned him with high praise early on, I felt there could be something fishy (like with Pixar's Up) there and yes it was. The ending of the movie with Hathaway's character completely alone out there made me think maybe there will be a sequel. Saving Private... ehh I mean Dr. Brand. Who knows? The time during which the whole film plays is also interesting. Somehow, the NASA lost a lot of their reputation and the moon landing is called fake in American school books. It is some point in the future. That much we know. David Oyelowo plays a small role here as one of the teachers. He has "Selma" in the race for an Academy Award nomination this year.The ending of the film was not among the best scenes in my opinion, but I still liked it. The whole ghost explanation about Cooper being actually the one giving the signs was pretty exciting. The effects are brilliant of course, but that does not really need be mentioned for Nolan movies. A given. Hans Zimmer did a good soundtrack and there is also some comic relief coming from McConaughey's charm (if you like that) and some droll robot creatures. Anyway, I found the film interesting enough that I found it a bit sad they did not get to visit the third planet (with Hathaway's character's lover), only the water planet and the ice planet. I'd have loved to see that. However, maybe that could be a nice inclusion for a sequel as well. The movie never dragged despite coming pretty close to the three-hour mark. It could have run for another hour and I probably would not have been bored. There really was hardly anything wrong with it. Affleck's character did not do too much for me. He wasn't particularly well-acted and the character felt just included as a simple man who quickly gave up on his dad in order to show the contrast compared to Chastain's character: the ambitious loving smart daughter with a true connection to Cooper. John Lithgow plays a small role too and is fun to watch as always.This is one of the movies I really recommend to watch, preferably on the big screen due to its sensational visual aspects. It's also good for a rewatch I believe, also to evaluate the characters' actions, especially Caine's for example. And the story of course. I believe, after one viewing, I am still far away from having understood everything that was going on, especially the scientific aspects. That however, does not hurt the viewing experience at all thanks to the film's great acting and emotional impact. If you are interested in space, you really have to see this too. It has distant planets, wormholes, black holes, spaceships and a lot more. Let me finish this review with two little snippets: First, the actress who played Murph as a child was the same that played Renesmee in the last two Twilight movies and, secondly, that fittingly Hathaway's character was called Amelia like the aviation pioneer Amelia Earhart. That can't be coincidence, can it? Especially with her last shot.
10 Hollywood science fiction spectacles about antagonistic aliens abandoning dying worlds to occupy not only Earth, but also to oust us have been popular with moviegoers. Typically, like the European explorers who invaded and disenfranchised millions in the Western Hemisphere during the 15th century, these extraterrestrialseither bug-eyed behemoths with lobster claws or pod people whose seeds have drifted across the cosmosshow up to evict or absorb us. "Inception" director Christopher Nolan's latest extravaganza "Interstellar," toplining Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain, Michael Caine, and John Lithgow, is a superior space opera that reverses the action. Earthlings must abandon mother Earth because an environmental blight has devastated farming and millions have starved to death in overpopulated continents. No, "Interstellar" doesn't pit Earth against multi-colored "Guardians of the Galaxy" aliens or immaculate looking storm troopers in white outfits from the "Star Wars" and "Hunger Games" franchises. Instead, the "Interstellar" scientist heroes must search for a new home for humankind. Rather than an outlandish adventure epic with evil extraterrestrials, "Interstellar" qualifies as an intelligent, realistic, sometimes provocative, sci-fi saga similar to Stanley Kubrick's landmark movie "2001: A Space Odyssey." Mind you, Nolan doesn't chronicle mankind's evolution from the dawn of time the way Kubrick did in as "2001." The casts of "Interstellar" and "2001: A Space Odyssey" differ, too. Kubrick relied on an unknown cast, while "Interstellar" boasts a charismatic array of superstars. If you haven't seen "2001: A Space Odyssey," you won't appreciate some of the clever allusions to the legendary 1968 film. Anybody who has seen "2001" will be amused by a joke that a robot makes about blowing an astronaut out of an airlock. Ultimately, the most obvious "2001" references in "Interstellar" are those bizarre, oblong, Minecraft-style robots that resemble the black monoliths in Kubrick's film. Some of the sci-fi terminology may fly over your head, but Christopher Nolan and his brother Jonathan concern themselves with more than speculative science fiction ideas. They focus on relevant contemporary themes, such as father & daughter relationships and the environment. They forge interesting characters with philosophical dialogue that you will ponder long after the movie. "Interstellar" occurs in the late 21st century, after things have waxed really wretched. Bad enough that farmers can grow only corn. Blight has destroyed wheat and okra. Public opinion about NASA has curdled. History textbooks have been rewritten. Everybody believes NASA faked the Apollo moon landings to bankrupt the Soviet Union. A former NASA test pilot, Cooper (Matthew McConaughey of "Mud"), has turned to farming and reaped rewards where many others have failed. Although his wife died from a brain cyst that an MRI could have detected had an MRI had been available, Cooper perseveres as a farmer and a father of two children, his fifteen-year old son Tom (Timothe Chalamet of "Worse Friends"), and his precious ten-year old daughter Murph (Mackenzie Foy of "The Conjuring") who adore him. Cooper and his kids live with his father-in-law, Donald (John Lithgow of "Terms of Endearment"), and they contend with tumultuous dust storms on a daily basis. These dust storms recall the Depression Era drought and dust storms of that prompted millions to flee from the plains states. Dust gets into everything, and Donald wages a never-ending war to keep everything clean. Meanwhile, books have been toppling randomly from Murph's bedroom bookcase. She suspects a ghost is responsible, but nothing ghoulish like "Paranormal Activity." Naturally, Cooper dismisses the presence of ghosts. One day after a particularly turbulent dust storm, father and daughter examine the way the books have fallen out of the shelves, translate it into code, and come up with coordinates that lead them to a classified NORAD facility. A monolithic robot named Tars confronts them. Later, Murph and Cooper find themselves sitting around a table talking with high-ranking NASA officials. One of them is Professor Brand (Michael Caine of "Batman Begins"), and Brand confides in Cooper that the world is living on borrowed time. Moreover, he tells him about the 'Lazarus' project. NASA has dispatched manned missions to other parts of the galaxy to find a new home for mankind. He convinces Cooper to sign on as a pilot for one last launch that will take his daughter, biologist Amelia (Oscar winning actress Anne Hathaway of "Les Misrables); physicist Romilly (David Gyasi); geographer Doyle (Wes Bentley of "The Hunger Games"); and two robots TARS (voice of Bill Irwin) and CASE (voice of Josh Stewart) deep into space to a recently discovered wormhole which will enable them to explore new worlds. Predictably, Murph isn't happy about her father's departure. During their flight to the wormhole, Cooper and company lose contact with Earth, but Professor Brand can still transmit messages. Gradually, however, things take a turn for the worst. The final quarter hour of "Interstellar" will absolutely boggle your mind. Cooper goes where no man has gone before in a desperate bid to save mankind! "Interstellar" is a serious sci-fi movie. The computer-generated visual effects are nothing short of dazzling, and Nolan orchestrates the flight sequences so we don't hear any sounds in the vacuum of outer space. The different spacecraft and the Endurance mother ship look as authentic as the outfits that our heroes wear. The strange but new worlds that they encounter during their search to locate a new Earth are breathtaking. One world consists of an eternal sea with towering waves that loom like mountain ranges, while another is as stark and icy as it is inhospitable. The theme of deception runs throughout "Interstellar." The faked Apollo moon landing and Dr. Brand's mind-blowing revelation are a few surprises that will maintain your interest throughout "Interstellar." Nolan generates several suspenseful set-pieces that will keep you poised on the edge of your seat. Matt Damon has a startling cameo as another astronaut who has succumbed to effects of isolation. Clocking in at 169 minutes, "Interstellar" amounts to an unforgettable epic with intense white-knuckled suspense, top-notch performances, and a terrific ending.
8 November 2014 I was extremely lucky to get the chance to see this film upon its first day release, before entering the cinema, my expectations were already high, after all, this was a film from the cinematic genius who brought us the likes of 'Inception' and 'The Dark Knight', to summarise the following review in a single sentence: I left the cinema in extreme awe from the visual masterpiece I had just viewed. A film that explores the psychological and emotional state of a man whose life revolves around his family, 'Interstellar' is a thrilling and thought-provoking film that boasts an intellectual story masterfully written by the Nolan brothers. Whilst there seems to have been influence from films like '2001: A Space Odyssey' and 'Apollo 13', 'Interstellar' is unique in its own way. Whilst the subject may be hard to comprehend at times, it can't be denied how visually monumental and thoughtful Christopher Nolan's epic science fiction masterpiece is, and can easily be named the best film of this year and possibly one of the greatest science fiction films to have ever graced the screen. A sheer brilliant feat of cinema.
9 (This is both a review of the film, and an assertion of Christopher Nolan's filmmaking style)There have been many reviewers and critics alike that have high praise for the film (the visual effects, the acting, the music), but say how it's not Christopher Nolan's best directed film. This is where i personally would have to disagree. Before i get into it, though, i'll talk about Interstellar a bit.Interstellar is truly a sci-fi epic like no other. To compare said film to '2001: A Space Odyssey' isn't just a disservice, but unnecessary. The films are almost nothing alike, simply sharing small plot elements. Also, Stanley Kubrick's vision of Arthur C. Clarke's sci-fi epic wasn't to ponder the philosophical questions that accompanied the story, but to make art, and art is was, and is. With Interstellar, Mr. Nolan set out to make his most personal and emotional film to date about love and time (time being a recurring theme throughout all of Nolan's films). But it's so much more than that too. There are no words to express the epic journey Nolan takes us on in the film, but needless to say, it's tear-jerking and emotional throughout. The acting is top-notch, especially McConaughey, who gives (I would say) his most emotional performance yet. But the actor who stole the show in a few scenes (one in particular, when they're on an alien planet) was David Gyasi as Romilly, one of the astronauts aboard the Endurance, their spacecraft. The musical score from Hans Zimmer is, without a doubt, his best and most influential work to date, helping drive the film's bold and breath-taking vision (the church organ helped significantly). The visual effects are easily the best to date as well, and of the year. To see a black hole created through visual effects in such a way, with pages theoretical equations provided by Kip Thorne (theoretical physicist, of whom's work inspired the film's genesis); what you see in the film is the most realistic depiction of a black hole, and even offered new insight to accretion discs surrounding the anomalies. But even everything else, from the alien planets to the Endurance, the visuals always look real. Then, there's the writing. I would definitely have to say this has some of the best dialogue i've ever heard in a sci-fi movie, and the script continually pours or oozes emotion, keeping the audience tethered to the film.Now, about Mr. Nolan. Don't just look at Nolan, but look at his films. Some say Inception would be his masterpiece, while others would say it's The Dark Knight, or Memento. But honestly, every single film Christopher Nolan has directed is a masterpiece not of its genre, but of Nolan. Following is his quiet masterpiece, not the film that put Mr. Nolan on the map as a phenomenal director, but one people visited or revisited after becoming accustomed to Nolan, after seeing Memento, what could be called his breakout masterpiece. Then, right after, he directed the remake of the Norwegian thriller, Insomnia. This, too, could be considered a masterpiece, even if a remake. Then, we were given his take on the Batman universe, starting with Batman Begins, the origin masterpiece. Then, there's The Prestige, adapted from the novel of the same name, which can be called his dark masterpiece. The Dark Knight, his bold masterpiece; Inception, his complex masterpiece, and The Dark Knight Rises, his flawed masterpiece. Now, we have Interstellar, his emotional or personal masterpiece.This is just my looking at Nolan and his films, but whatever your thoughts are, you can't deny Interstellar is one hell of a journey. He certainly is one of the best filmmakers of our time, and of all time. I can't wait to see what he does next, but i'm not sure it will be as emotionally powerful as Interstellar.
10 The film begins by establishing at his own rhythm its ambitions: men overexploited land resources, which is why the only goal they have left is to survive. This life is not enough for Cooper, brilliantly played by McConaughey who gave body and soul to this character. But all of this wouldn't hold without the total control of Christopher Nolan, based on the languishing soundtrack by Hans Zimmer, the luminous and impenetrable photography of Hoyte Van Hoytema, and the sincerity of Nolan's directing. He manages to film the characters and to find the right cut at the right time, always in harmony with Hans Zimmer's soundtrack, to give the film an aspiring and inspiring dimension that went missing for many many years. Thus we are transported into the same cockpit that Cooper, we feel the same remorse that he can already feel, we feel the same gravity, and we feel the same fear of the unknown melted with the force of his will. All of this is brilliantly illustrated in a very simple directing choice, which from my point of view is the decisive impetus of the film: to directly jump from when Cooper leaves in his truck, leaving his family behind him, to Endurance taking off. This simple editing decision allows Nolan to give an original movement to his film, and the musical crescendo makes us physically feel the sentimental break between two parts of the film.You don't necessarily have to understand it immediately : The film will raise questions in you, such as : what is it to be a human being, is there some physical limitations to our humanity, how far could we be willing to go to determine knowledge, is there other dimensions that we can not access to, and above all: what is the nature of this intact and immutable bond that unites us to others wherever we are in the universe ? Is this bond only intelligible, or is it also tangible ? All these questions resonate in harmony in Nolan's Interstellar. Interstellar is itself a crescendo, increasing sensitivity and creativity. I use the term deliberately because it goes crescendo with the soundtrack by Hans Zimmer, which is one of the most beautiful music ever scored for a sci-fi movie. We are witnessing a perfect musical arrangement, a total symbiosis, a bit like the music of Gravity which had understood very well how to match the image and the rhythm of a sequence to its own musicality. Zimmer's crescendos are giving a new powerful breath to every new scene, whether it is in visually powerful & intense moments or in more intimate moments; it intrudes into our momentary feelings and sensations, and manages to extend them, sometimes almost to choking, before resting on the balance of the film frame along with our mind spell-bounded. I have seen all the talent of the director that I knew he was outside the norm, but whom I did not know his capacity to reinvent itself. Because this is it: Interstellar is not an action movie, not really a blockbuster, and it goes not entirely but mostly again the expectations of common people. It's much more than that. This is much more than just a sci-fi movie. It is unlike any of his previous films. Some hoped to see Interstellar as Christopher Nolan's best film, and they were disappointed that this was not the case. And indeed, THIS IS NOT THE BEST FILM of Christopher Nolan. Because in a way, IT IS HIS FIRST FILM. I'm not saying that Interstellar is not as good as his other films, it goes beyond all of them. But to me Interstellar is the first film of a new stage in Nolan's filmography ; it is a masterpiece as it the beginning of a work ahead. Interstellar is the proof that Nolan has finally managed, despite all the expectations that were placed on him after the success of The Dark Knight, to move away from his own reputation to create a personal work, original, humble, sincere and deeply, meticulously, measured.Now, in this third act of the film, it all comes to life with unparalleled strength. Nolan poses and answers questions that raise others. But he focuses his attention on the great mystery of love, that emotional bond that can unite men and sometimes separate them. But Nolan is the only one that can successfully speak of love from a being to another in a film that mainly takes place in a another galaxy. From my point of view, only Solaris by Steven Soderbergh (2002), unfortunately neglected by the audience, was able to accomplish that. Interstellar is based on a premise which is the following : from terrestrial dust to the depths of space and time, we can never be separated from who we are as individuals and as a species, as we always leave a part of ourselves "behind" us. In other words, I could say that this is a human story, and even if we go as far as we want to, if we travel through the universe believing that we can be detached of the one we are fond of, we will only get closer to them. Because the separation, and thus the distance and time, can only ultimately reinforce the relationship between the people who really love each other. Because it is going to the end of the world, when we reach the end of ourselves, that we reach the singularity of the "black hole beyond the horizon" * : it is our humanity. No, I wasn't been able to find any bad flaws in the film. Not one, and I'm still looking. After all, Interstellar is like gravity, "all it takes is a little push ! "*you'll have to see the movie to figure that one out.Flix Tardieu, November 1st, 2014
10 Sometimes I just need to see the start. Or end. Or a trailer. Or the music and theme from Hans Zimmer. Or the whole movie. Just to feel that thing, I only get from this movie. That the earth, space and time are something special, mystical. I never forget the first time I saw this movie, in an IMAX theatre in 2014. I was struck by it. Totally got me. And it stil does, 7 years later. This is the best movie ever made for me. Because of the feeling it gives me, no other movie can. So hard to get all of this emotion in only one movie. Brilliant.
10 chris Nolan a delivered another original story with with less special effects its more old school stuff with flight simulators done instead of geeen screens with space painted on the outside everything you see in this movie is real as your going to get so here starts the story of a farmer called cooper played by Matthew mconnaughey another Oscar performance who was a N.A.S.A pilot and his family he finds out that there is a problem with earth food sources and stumbles upon a plan to save earth and t leave earth for another world with his daughter he loves and his daughter tuned into other worldly scientific things that I wont explain you have to see this to understand the films relevance on finding a solution to the worlds problems there is a solution in here house were signs are there but I wont make sense until the end he has really turned the corner in his career what a RenascenceFirst of all, it is incredibly beautiful to watch. Honestly, it was so beautiful that I felt like I was sucked into the movie. The way Nolan decided to show some scenes really remind me of contact and parts of inception you see in this movie ca feel the talent of Christopher Nolan, just by looking at the way it is filmed. The techniques he used contribute to create that visual environment in a believable way.The sound environment is just mesmerizing. It is a very important part of the movie, because some scenes take place in space, and Noland just found the right way to use sound. The soundtrack (made by the great Hans Zimmer) is breathtaking, epic, amazing, unreal. I could find a lot more adjectives to qualify it, but you have to hear it to understand how epic they are. you think how loud this film is you think you ware a astronautMatthew, In this movie... Well, he is the movie. he orchestrates this film that everybody else feeds of his power so much that everyone around him gets better. But Matthew is just what was needed to feel the human part of the story (which is very important in Interstellar). He is capable of making us feel so many different emotions all along the story, as a father, as a human. Anne Hathaway was very convincing, all together the actors managed to create some harmony, which makes the human interactions credible. Caine, Chastaing and Affleck are a perfect choice. And then there is... The special guest who is mischievous in a minor role , is actually much more important than that. He proves, once again, that he is a great actor. Watch and see. and a sarcastic computer really a bit bizarre in space but this computer does come in handy in a important scene And finally, the scenario/story. I won't spoil anything here; I'll just try to convince you how great it is. Nolan is known to revolutionize everything when he tries a new genre in cinema. Well, once again he did it. With The Dark Knight he revolutionized the superhero genre. With Interstellar he's revolutionizing the sci-fi genre in cinema. he worked with a physicist in gravitational physics and astrophysics to help him with this movie. And we can feel and see just as Spielberg did in the 80s Nolan is doing it now Today, Nolan is laying the new foundations of the genre in cinema, proving that cinema is still at the beginning of what can be done (brace yourselves my friends, we have not seen anything yet). Why? Well, simply because we only know a few things about space, some things can't be proved for the moment, so we can use theory, and make the best of it. That is exactly what Nolan did. He used theories that exist today, and made a movie about mankind, about pioneers, about humanity, about us.whole journey that they thought was fraught with danger and the unknown as they have received messages from across time and space to realize that they had the answers after all it was just his daughter love to figure out what the lead scientist life work (Michael Caine) was about My rating for this movie can only be a 10,this film does not feel like 3hrs of moving space enthralling epic masterpiece with a beating heart of love and time and bending space time from a to b to meet his family across the universe This is the sci-fi movie of the decade, and probably the best movie Nolan ever made.if you like thinking about logic you might just come way thinking that this earth can be saved if we take what Nolan was taking about and not just taking the earth for granted Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night... Rage, Rage Against The Dying Of The Light."
10 This movie was the best written, acted, visual effected, etc. movie. This movie was the best movie I have ever seen. I am a huge Christopher Nolan fan and this movie was his finest. Matthew McConaughey turned in his best performance of his lifetime. Anne Hathaway was an amazing supporting actress and compared to her performance in Les Miserables, I have no idea how she didn't get an Oscar for this. The visual effects were more than just Oscar worthy. They were pioneering. I have never seen anything like it. One thing I would recommend is having a little previous knowledge about space. Not like Einstein stuff though. I would recommend you see this movie as fast as you can if you are a Nolan fan or not. I give this movie a rating of 97 out of 100.
9 Just watched this on IMAX with my movie theatre-working friend who had seen this before. It has Matthew McConaughey and Anne Hathaway going to space and seeking possible livable planets for places to move the earth people when that planet becomes uninhabitable. Christopher Nolan directs quite a long but mostly intriguing tale of how long this journey lasts and the effect on McConaughey's offspring when they grow up without having him around during those times. I have to admit that part of me was ready to sleep during some scenes but something exciting does always come up and it gets a little better as the narrative keeps on going. So on that note, Interstellar is very much worth seeing if you're patient enough to watch quite a long movie requiring you to think.
10 Interstellar - ReviewCertain things in life are precious. Very precious. And so was the Film for me.Why you might ask?Well seldom do i get the chance where i find myself sitting in a cinema anxious and intrigued by what might come. In a time where trailers are omnipresent and going to the movies without having seen one seems unreasonable, outright stupid to some i had the magical chance to find myself in front of the IMAX on a cold November night with 2 tickets to Interstellar. My only knowledge was that Nolan directed it and McConaughey stars in it.The images were brilliant the acting was top notch and everything was blended together by Hans Zimmer and his Music. 169 minutes flew by me with my eyes fixed on the screen and my heart racing. And there it was.. The ending. I couldn't believe it . I was reliving, rethinking the movie while the credit scenes rolled enjoying the moment, the smell of popcorn, my comfortable seat and what do i see next to me? Ninety percent of the people in the cinema rushing outside after the first second of the credit scenes. .. .Well apparently people enjoy movies different than i do. Maybe i should start watching trailers again :).
10 I rate this movie 11/10 to signify it's greatness. Perfection. Mind-blowing. A workout for your brain. I want to have debates about it. I want to write research papers on it. Amazingly unbelievably awesome, this is the kind of movie that opens up your mind. Lots of amazing scenes with epic music. A killer story told flawlessly. Perfect directing by the best ever. Great cast with great acting. A deep psychological aspect explored for numerous characters.The most renowned theoretical physicist who is an expert on cosmology was brought on to keep the science honest, as well as a retired astronaut who's been to space five times. One of the rare movies that is better the second, and even the third time watching. The only movie I have ever liked the most the fourth time. I keep picking up on more things and a better overall understanding. So many parts are extremely moving and powerful. It does an awesome job of making you feel what the characters are feeling. (9 viewings, 12/2/16, 2/26/2020, 1/11/2022)SPOILERSI was randomly thinking about interstellar, haven't watched it in at least 6 months. I thought about one hypothetical that intrigued me: what if the tesseract is such that it can only be placed inside an already collapsed black hole. If plan B was what "originally" happened and Dr. Brand survived, future people figured it out, and they want to save those they left behind on earth, they need to find a love-link between someone who goes into a black hole and someone on earth smart enough to be able to solve the gravity problem = Cooper and Murph. Doctor Brand knows this because she knows cooper loves her, knows he sacrifices himself by falling into the black hole, knows his daughter grows up to be her dad's understudy, so she has the future people put the machine in the same black hole that cooper falls into, thereby making the entire plan work. INTRIGUING. Will need to confirm on next viewing... after watching again, I like this as a viable theory, but it conflicts with another theory I had about the "original" mission being completed without cooper.Lots of awesome concepts that made me think, like murphy's law not applying close to a black hole, human survival instincts and it encompassing your children, love being a quantifiable scientific force, the black hole and time relativity. The robots were cool and original. Really awesome visuals of things I've wondered about but never really imagined. I liked the depiction of the 5 dimensions in 3D in the daughter's room. The way everything connected was very awesome. The different planets were so interesting with ice clouds and giant tidal waves. The endings were perfect.Something I noticed that I didn't realize the first time was the reason his son became dark and a little crazy. He was still a good person, even after experiencing the death of his son, Jesse. However, once his wife convinced him to let go of the idea that his father was coming back, he gave up on everything in life and became a horrible husband, father and brother.The relationship between the father and daughter was the best relationship I can remember in any movie I've seen. The primary underlying theme in the movie was the love between a father and his daughter being able to transcend space and time, which is the key to her getting the information she needed to save the world.From Interstellar group chat discussion:-Or the other theory I had was that originally plan B was the one that worked and a colony survived and eventually was able to do what they did and wanted to save all the people that ended up dying on earth and try to make plan A work-So she finds out that plan a was a sham. That the professor had already solved the equation years ago before she even met him. That he knew even with solving the equation that they couldn't figure out how to get the people off earth. She found out they knew they were never coming back and they were going to let everyone on earth to die. So every day since she was 10 that she has been hoping her father would come home was a lie. She should have never been hoping. Her entire 20 years that she dedicated her life to working on this was a complete waste . That should break a person. Murph is a beast.-The love between them was the only reason the world ended up being saved. It's the only reason she kept trying that hard after all those years. It's the only reason she went back to her house in her room. It's the only reason she saw the watch again. It's the only reason she figured out that the watch twitching was her dad sending the data.12/2/16: I watched interstellar again wow. I found a flaw in my theory that in the original timeline they used Plan B without Cooper, and then when they became advanced they went back to try to get Cooper so they could save the people that died on earth. The problem is, how would they have gotten past the problems with re-docking onto the spinning blown up ship after Mann backstabbed humanity. It actually makes perfect sense because in the original timeline Cooper would not have convinced them to go to Mann's planet, Brand would have convinced them to go to Edmund's planet which was the right one. In that "original" timeline, love still saved humanity since it helped her choose the right planet.
9 This is a film that deals with cliched issues like Global decimation and overpopulation maybe not today but definitely in the foreseeable future. The space travel is the reason I watched the film. I had to watch this film once when it came out a second time immediately after it dropped on Blu Ray and streaming services and I still want to watch it a 3rd and 4th time just to experience the wonderful acting, cinematography and visuals again. Christopher Nolan knocked out of the ballpark definitely not his greatest movie ever but yeah I can see top 5 Inception and Dark Knight are better.
10 Wowser! This Christopher Nolan film was presaged with such marketing hype that I went in with pretty low and cynical expectations. But I was frankly blown away with it.Just about everyone raves about Christopher Nolan's work, and you look back at his Filmography and it makes for a pretty impressive resume: from Memento via the (rather over-hyped imho) Dark Knight Batman series-reboot through to Inception, one of my favourite films of all time. For me, Interstellar is right up there with Inception for thought-provoking, visually spectacular and truly epic cinema.We start in familiar 'Day after Tomorrow" territory, with mankind having in some way  not entirely explained  messed up the planet. As I understood it (and the film probably does require multiple watches with  see comments below  subtitles=on) the rather clever premise is that the world's food supplies are being progressively destroyed by a vindictive 'blight'. This delivers the double whammy of destroying mankind's provisions but also, by massive reproduction of the organism, progressively depleting the Earth's oxygen. For some reason  again, which I didn't get on first viewing  this is accompanied by massive dust storms. It is a morbid bet as to what is going to get the mid-West population first: starvation, lung disease or suffocation. Matthew McConnaughey plays the widowed Cooper, an ex-NASA drop out turned farmer given the opportunity by mission-leader Professor Brand (an excellent Michael Caine) to pilot a NASA mission. The goal is to punch through a mysterious wormhole in space where they suspect, through previous work, that a new home for mankind could be found.The first part of the film is set on and around Cooper's farm, setting in place one of the emotional wrenches at the heart of the film: that Cooper in volunteering for the mission and having to leave behind his elderly father (John Lithgow, again superb) and young children Murph (aged 10) and Tom (aged 15) whilst recognising that danger for him comes not just from the inherent risks involved but from the theory of relativity that could change everything, time-wise, for when he returns.Cooper is supported on the mission by a team of scientists including Brand's daughter played by a love-struck Anne Hathaway, who again shows she can act.To say any more would spoil what is a voyage of visual and mental discovery. (However, I would add that it is good to see that the character that plays my namesake Dr Mann (in a surprise cameo) is equally good looking! LOL).In terms of plus points, where do I start? The visuals are utterly stunning. Whilst reminiscent in places of Kubrick's "stargate" from 2001, the similarity is only passing. The film adds a majesty and scale to space that surpasses wonder. Elsewhere there are some interesting visual effects: this might have just been me of course, but after the dramatic launch there was something about the camera moves during the first scenes of weightlessness that made me feel genuinely nauseous.Equally stunning is Hans Zimmer's score which is epic and (in places) very VERY loud. The film certainly doesn't "go quietly into the night"! When matching the noise of the score/choir to the sound effects in the launch sequence the combination is ear-bleedingly effective. This must be a strong contender for the soundtrack Oscar for 2014. One quibble, again 2001 related, is that Zimmer uses the last chord of Also Sprach Zarathustra in the score sufficiently often that one hopes Richard Strauss's estate receives some royalties! The acting is top notch: I've already mentioned Caine and Lithgow, but McConnaughey, Hathaway and Jessica Chastain are all great. A particular shout-out should go to Mackenzie Foy as the young Murph, who is magnetically charismatic and just brilliant in the role.Above all, Nolan's direction is exquisite. The film has a slow build on earth (which adds to the lengthy running time) but defines the characters and primes the plot perfectly. And some of the editing cuts  again, Cooper's farm departure/launch sequence overlay is a great example  are superb in building the mood and the tension.I've decided that I am an extremely tough reviewer and for me a 10 star film is a rarity indeed. Where I could have knocked off a star was in some of the dialogue on the soundtrack, which was pretty inaudible in places: McConnaughey in particular with his general mumbling and strong southern accent is indecipherable in places. I look forward to the DVD subtitles. And one of the character's dying words  delivering a key plot point in the film  was completely lost to me (but thankfully later restated). Whilst the expansive plot is highly ambitious, the end of the film, playing fast and loose with physics I fear, requires a gravity-defying suspension of belief (although I guess the same could equally be said of 2001: A Space Odyssey).However, the film has stayed so firmly lodged in my mind for 24 hours I will make a rare exception to my rating 'rule'. Overall, this is a top-notch Sci-Fi film. And a final word: PEOPLE THIS IS A MUST SEE ON THE BIG SCREEN! (If you enjoyed this review, please see my archive of previous reviews at bob-the-movie-man.com and sign up for future notifications. Thanks).
6 November 2014 This film tells the story of an ex-pilot in a world full of dust storms. He is chosen to travel to the uncharted parts of the space in search for a new habitable planet."Interstellar" is a long film, and the first two hours of it does not seem like a typical Christopher Nolan film. Most of the scenes are (literally) down to Earth, with no fancy visual effects. It spends much time building up the story, telling the story of a father and his daughter who sees 'ghost' in her bedroom. Through this ghost, one thing led to another, and the man is in space. When the film is not down on Earth, it looks more like a disaster film. The first adventure is a spectacular feat involving water. It also introduces the physics of relativity, on how time slows down in another world, leading to a misguided decision of the astronauts in retrospect. This sets the foundation for future plot involving more relativity.As the film progresses, there is more adventure, both in the form of adrenaline pumping adventure and humanity and integrity testing conditions. Matt Damon's character forms a central subplot that makes me reflect on what lengths would people go in order to achieve a certain goal. It reflects on the reality that people are driven by egocentric instincts. It is not a pretty truth, but it tells that human are not idealistic creatures.The final half an hour is what a typical Christopher Nolan film is like. It makes me hold my breath because it is so intense, both emotionally and cognitively. The ending gives me inexplicable exhilaration. Things come to a full circle, and it is filled with joy.It is not a film for everyone, as the story is long and takes a lot of time to build. Two people walked out of the cinema an hour into the film, and someone sitting behind me remarked after the film ended that he opined it was the most boring Christopher Nolan film ever. For me, I enjoyed "Interstellar" thoroughly, because it is emotionally captivating and intellectually challenging.
9 A lot has been said and heard about this movie but none of it comes even close to the experience of watching it. It has all the elements of a Nolan movie and just like in all of his other movies he decides to go a bit further. This time, he went a little too far. The story behind the movie has it's flaws. There really is no explanation of what happened/is happening. Instead you are given fragments in the first half of the movie hoping one will put all the pieces together. All in all, the first part seems a bit rushed and leaves you wondering if more could have been told. But, since the real story is not why the travel is necessary but the travel itself once the crew is off, the story really kicks in. The main part of the movie gives a great ride, pumps your blood with adrenaline from time to time and gets you emotional pretty often. The problem I personally had was that the story taking place simultaneously on Earth was less shown than I expected. A different approach was expected but that did not stop Chastain from giving the best role in the movie. The last part of the movie is dynamic and filled with problems real people would have if found in a situation like that. But the explanation given at the very end was a bit to much for me. I heard that this was called "the most scientifically accurate movie" and that physicist around the world fought over the fact was that true or not. Nevertheless, way too much theoretical physics in the end. Since I love SF movies I am willing to look past the over- the-top science part, but what really got to me was that it was predictable. From the very moment I saw a black hole in the movie I put two and two together and that kinda ruined it for me a little. Regarding the acting, as I said before, Chastain gave the most powerful performance in the movie. She doesn't have much screen time, but she sure knows how to use it. The two that actually lead the movie - McConaughey and Hathaway were brilliant. McConaughey did a little better job handling the emotions of a father with the responsibilities of a team leader and the savior of mankind. His performance was outstanding. Hathaway was good, decent, without a single word that can be said against her, but for a movie like this, that is almost completely on the shoulders of the actors, she should have done more. The others did a good job, particularly Casey Affleck who's character was a grand comparison to Chastain's. The music given it was done by the mastermind Hans Zimmer was spectacular. Just the right notes, just the right timing, just the right music. His understanding of what movies should sound like is amazing. All in all, Interstellar is a magnificent movie. It is a type of movie Nolan does best. It has all the elements of being a classic like Kubrick's 2001: a space odyssey, it comes really close to being the new space odyssey, and it will not perish with time. Still, this might be a bit too much for the average moviegoer, a lot has to be digested here, it is not a simple or easy movie to watch. But, if your braincells don't shut off and you don't expect another Die Hard movie, you will appreciate this masterpiece.
10 'Interstellar (2014)' is a space-epic that feels remarkably intimate and emotionally resonant while also being sweeping in scope and visually stunning. The mixture of earthy textures and sleek sci-fi aesthetics makes for an interesting visual juxtaposition between the two sets of characters. While its third act does get a little existential and abstract, the narrative reasoning behind it and scientific integrity leading up to it allows for constant believability. This film never fails to have an impact on me, it is truly breathtaking work. In fact, it is one of my favourite pictures of all time. 10/10
10 Awesome action and swashbuckling adventure, great music from the likes of Hans Zimmer, good visuals and Johnny Depp's hilarious improvisational performance as Captain Jack Sparrow (the other performances are good as well but Depp's the highlight and you damn well know it) make the first Pirates of the Caribbean adventure a fun action flick that's not only a great first non-Touchstone/Hollywood Pictures/pre-2006 Miramax & Dimension PG-13 Disney movie but also a much better movie than a movie based off of a THEME PARK RIDE has the right to be.
9 You will always remember this as the movie that made Johnny Depp a superstar and almost got him an Oscar.The fact that he didn't win isn't a problem,since thanks to him this is the best pirate film ever made.The opening concept is a clich:a beautiful woman(Keira Knightley)is kidnapped by a bunch of filthy pirates(led by Geoffrey Rush's Barbossa)and the man(Orlando Bloom)who's desperately in love with her decides to track them down.From now on,things get unexpected,as he asks another pirate for help.And it's no ordinary pirate:it's Captain Jack Sparrow(Johnny Depp),a lying,cheating,but charismatic scumbag,the hardest man on Earth to predict,not to mention quite unlucky and clumsy("You are,with no doubt,the worst pirate I've ever heard of" "But you HAVE heard of me!").It's got all the elements of a classic pirate movie,elements that would give this flick a 9/10.So,why am I giving it a 10/10? The answer is simple:Captain Jack.From the moment he makes his entrance,justly included in the Empire Top 10 Entrances of all time,we know he's the reason people will keep watching the movie.He 's Depp's best non-Tim Burton-character ever,and I can't wait 'til he returns.See you next summer,Captain!
9 What a great line to describe probably the greatest pirate movie ever. Certainly, it isn't perfect, a bit over the top, yet filled with characters that you love to hate or you can't resist rooting for. Thanks to the performance of Johnny Depp as Captain Jack Sparrow, this has become a long-lasting franchise of Disney car and love the many sequels that followed up aren't as good, Jack has remained consistently strong in the ones where he was given a great opportunity to show off his huge talents.Johnny was justifiably nominated for an Oscar for his performance in this, and is ably supported by Geoffrey Rush as the ghostly Captain Barbarossa and Orlando Bloom as Will Turner (brought up as a pirate until he was rescued at sea as a child), and Keira Knightley as Elizabeth Swann, the daughter of the governor of a Caribbean island.In his performance, Depp gives several insights into the real character of Jack Sparrow, and it is debated whether he was just an eccentric drunk or possibly gay or bisexual. Certainly, the slaps he gets from various women throughout the film debate the second point, but other insinuations indicate that he had prolactivities. Sparrow and Turner are rivals at first until they must join forces to rescue Elizabeth who is kidnapped by Barbarossa. she goes to a frightening sequence when she learns of who they really are, and that brings terrific elements of horror into the film.Fans of the Disneyland ride will be gleefully surprised to see various elements of it from the drunk man sleeping with tags, the jailed men trying to get a dog to bring over the key or the various battle fights at sea. they are spread throughout the film so you don't feel like you taking the ride and then gone back into a plot, so it makes it fun for experienced riders of that tourist attraction as they pop up.The terrific makeup, costumes, photography and music add to the sensational performances. This takes the best elements of all the classic pirate movies (from "Treasure Island" to "Captain Kidd") and adds a reality with the violence and filth and crudeness, but somehow, some of the pirates (especially Sparrow) are quite loveable in a strange way. This is non-stop action, filled with humor both physical and verbal, and some of it in spite of the lack of etiquette of the characters is subtlety classy. I can see myself returning to this every couple of years because certainly, like a trip to Disney, it's a ride that you don't want to miss when you have the opportunity.
10 If there was a minor quibble with the movie, it is that it is a little overlong. Putting that aside, this is a truly wonderful film, that is definitely one of the highlights of 2003. The whole film is a wonder to look at, with splendid costumes and very realistic sets. The script is just a gem, with classic and original lines like "Stop blowing holes in my ship," that sometimes have you in gales of laughter. I did find the pirates as skeletons quite frightening though. Films that have scared me are The Mummy and Pitch Black. The performances were first-rate, especially Johnny Depp in possibly his best performance. His character Jack Sparrow is a somewhat charming, likable rogue, and Depp pulled him off to perfection. As Barbossa, Geoffrey Rush positively sinks his teeth into his role, sometimes sinister and sometimes fun. Kiera Knightly proves once again that she looks lovely in period dramas, because it really does suit her. Orlando Bloom is dashing as Will Turner. Before I round off, I want to mention another aspect of the film, the music by Hans Zimmer(Lion King)... it was outstanding! Zimmer should be up there with the great film composers, like James Horner(American Tail, Titanic), John Williams(ET, Home Alone) and the late Jerry Goldsmith.(Legend, The Shadow) All in all, a highly entertaining film! 10/10 Bethany Cox.
8 Although I had expectations ( from watching the trailers ) that this might be a good movie, I was still surprised that it's as good as it is. The story is actually more complex than I had expected, involving cursed pirates and their quest to rid themselves of the curse. I won't say more than that so as not to spoil it if you haven't seen it.There aren't as many action scenes as I had thought there would be in a pirate movie, but the ones that are in the movie were very fun and enjoyable. After seeing it, I think it had the right balance of action and drama. There are also, of course, a lot of funny bits interspersed between the action and drama. Some really good special effects also add to the enjoyment of this movie.I wasn't much of a fan of Johnny Depp until I saw this movie. I think he deserved to win the Academy Award for best actor. It's largely because of his performance, IMO, that the movie was so good. Most of the supporting cast did well, mind you, just that Johnny Depp stood high above the rest. I did find Orlando Bloom's performance a bit wooden, but other than that the acting was good.Basically, it's a really fun movie and I'd give it about 8 out of 10
10 When the daughter of the governor of a Caribbean island, Elizabeth Swann (Keira Knightley), is proposed by Commodore Norrington (Jack Davenport), she faints, fells into the sea and is rescued and saved by the pirate Captain Jack Sparrow (Johnny Depp) but he is arrested and sentenced to death for piracy. Meanwhile, the town is attacked by the ship Black Pearl, commanded by the former first mate Barbossa (Geoffrey Rush), who leaded a mutiny against Captain Jack Sparrow years ago. Barbossa kidnaps Elizabeth, and the blacksmith Will Turner (Orlando Bloom), who loves her, releases Jack Sparrow and they steal the fastest vessel of the navy to follow the Black Pearl, Will trying to save Elizabeth, and Jack trying to retrieve his ship. Along their journey, many secrets are disclosed about the course of the Black Pearl and her crew.The supernatural adventures of Captain Jack Sparrow, Elizabeth Swann, Will Turner and Barbossa are so spectacular that really deserves to be included among the best movies (Top 250) in IMDb. This film has action, humor, romance, mystery, special effects and is so delightful that the viewer does not feel the running time of 143 minutes. I saw this movie for the first time on 24 April 2004, and I have just watched again today (10 Feb 2007) enjoying the same way as in the first time. My vote is ten.Title (Brazil): "Piratas do Caribe  A Maldio do Prola Negra" ("Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl")
8 "Even I love Johnny Depp, and I'm male," a previous reviewer declares, tongue in cheek. Well, I wouldn't go quite that far, but there's no doubt whatsoever that when I lost my heart to this film, Johnny Depp's outrageous Cap'n Jack Sparrow had almost everything to do with it. I don't normally review 'current' films, so the very fact that I'm writing this highlights an almost unprecedented event - after endless failures, Hollywood has finally rediscovered the spirit of the classic swashbuckler movie.With hindsight, I think the one brilliant decision that was made at some point - given a modern production environment - was to *separate the roles* of hero and swashbuckler. You can then have your worthy Costner-type juvenile lead, as required, who has to Come To Terms with his Past (although his eventual fate is a trifle unexpected in conventional terms...) - *but* you can also have your essential and irrepressible swaggering rogue (of course, he totally steals the film from the moment he first appears, but *that's* no hardship!)The moonlight special effects were overdone, in my opinion - not that they aren't believable, but that they would have been more effective if used more sparingly, for occasional flashes of nastiness rather than solid minutes of battle. However, that's a minor niggle. The stunts are energetic, highly satisfactory, *not* computerised, and on occasion even carried out by the stars :-)The other saving grace of the production is its humour - not that there aren't a few over-arch knowing references, but on the whole it manages to send itself up without suspending disbelief in the process. Jack Sparrow's first arrival on the scene (with total aplomb aboard a steadily-sinking boat) is a prime example, as indeed are the vast majority of subsequent scenes involving this character...The basic Romance and Rescue structure is satisfactory enough, with the addition of the requisite Feisty Female for the 21st century (though I felt the character would have been a little more historically plausible if she had been a little less liberated - she clearly possesses a stronger character than her young man, she doesn't have to strive to be his physical equal as well...) However, it is the pirates themselves who really make the film, simply by being a pack of unreconstructed and uninhibited villains (from the Jeffrey Farnol School of Historical Dialect) who are far larger than life and totally unselfconscious about it. To quote the opening words of the 'Guardian' review: "we have been waiting [50 years] for a modern pirate film featuring someone who, in all seriousness, actually says the words, or perhaps the two-syllable single word: 'Ah-harrrrr!'"Jack Sparrow, as swashbuckler extraordinaire and consummate rogue (of course, totally honest in his own way... ahem) is the main attraction of the entire film. Not so much loopy as totally round the bend - outrageous and unpredictable (there is a running gag throughout the first part of the film where he is repeatedly described as "the worst pirate I've ever seen", as in "the worst at it", only for the preposterous tactics in question to prove spectacularly successful).This character saves the hero in more ways than one - without him, the film would be another "Mask of Zorro", a rather stodgy attempt to update an old favourite for modern-day sensibilities and compensate with more and flashier sword-fighting (swashbuckling is not *about* fighting! It comes into it, yes, but it's not the point.) But together, the pair work off one another beautifully - reliability and inspired lunacy, self-doubt and cocky flamboyance, dogged devotion and shameless self-interest. The only question is which, precisely, is the sidekick...There are two beginnings to this film, neither of them bearing any relation to the wooden costume-drama-by-numbers prologue that actually opens the movie. The moment when events start to move (it could scarcely be less subtle) is signalled by the swell of the theme music for the first time at Sparrow's initial appearance. But for me the moment when the film really took off was in that instant during his first escape, when he seizes the rope and swings up, up, and out, in a classic swashbuckler move from the past that brought it all flooding back... and my heart flew up after him into my throat, and remained enjoyably in that position until the end of the movie, when the audience began spontaneously to applaud.The film is far from perfect - characters like Captain Norrington (*please* - 'Commodore', like 'Prime Minister', is a job description, not a form of address!) and the Governor are little more than pantomime stereotypes, with only frustrating hints of humanity to indicate that they do after all have potential denied them by the script. Annoying anachronisms slip in - "it's okay", "I was rooting for you" - most of the nautical jargon comes out with about as much sign of comprehension as a phonetic rendition of a foreign language, and Sparrow's one precious charge of powder gets soaked through often enough in the course of the plot to be utterly useless by the end. Both hero and heroine come across as wooden and thankless roles. Orlando Bloom may be costumed to look increasingly like Errol Flynn during the course of the film (was it my imagination, or does he spend it gradually cultivating a duplicate of that famous moustache?), but, alas, any resemblance ends there.But then it doesn't really matter. It is Depp, not Bloom, who has inherited the mantle of Flynn and Fairbanks in this film. Jack Sparrow was the character who caught my imagination - and, since I'm extremely impressionable, also had a distinctly peculiar effect on the way I stood and walked for several hours later. And there's not many films can say *that*..! 
9 If you're ever in the mood for just a flat out entertaining flick, you can't go wrong with 'Curse of the Black Pearl". I wasn't writing these reviews when this movie first came out, didn't even know there was such a thing as IMDb. So I'm finally getting back to it this many years later and even though I'd forgotten a lot about the story, I was blown away all over again by the outrageous antics of Captain Jack Sparrow and those transition scenes where the skeleton pirates manifest in the moonlight. In fact, the story itself might be incidental to the special effects and physical stunts that highlight the action in the film. Johnny Depp of course makes the movie with his swish-buckling (yeah, I misspelled it on purpose) approach to the character, and you couldn't ask for a more fetching lady in distress than Keira Knightley, although she managed to hold her own against most of those menacing pirates quite nicely. Orlando Bloom and Geoffrey Rush round out the rest of the principal cast, and each did a superb job. I've never gotten beyond this movie's sequel, 'Dead Man's Chest', but watching this one again inspires me to go forward and check out all the rest.
10 Yep, 20 years late with a review. But give me a break, i was a kid back then.
Anyways this movie is amazing. It is original, full of twists and turns, fun, funny... It deserves 9 stars. However considering the fact i had to lower criteria for 'modern' movies made in the past decade, i have to give this a maxumum rating because compared to them it should get 15/10 stars.
2 November 2004 Disney seemed to be going down the tubes lately, with Atlantis and Home on the Range, but this movie is a masterpiece. If it wasn't for this movie, Johnny Depp wouldn't be as famous as he is today. Every scene with him or Geoffery Rush is brilliant. The movie is very crisp and the shots of the islands are breathtaking. Definitely a movie worth picking up at Blockbuster or even better, buying ( I don't buy DVDs often but this was one of them). The characters are thought out very well and plot is excellent. The script is one of the main stars of the film itself, every line that seems to come out of Sparrow or Barbossa's mouth or any of the other cast is original. If you like action films you'll love this, if you like comedy you'll love this, actually, this movie is great for everyone (except small kids, who may get frightened by the skeleton scenes). 10/10
10 I am nearly fifty years old. A sober grown man. With children. Children with whom I have now sat through hundreds of movies. Many of which I have enjoyed. And I am not completely hardened in my sophistication. The opening music to The Lion King brought tears to my eyes when my little ones were but wee tots. But still, these are after all just children's movies. In another life, I would never have seen them. And, really, one can't take such movies too seriously, can one?And so, this summer, after the ritual badgering, I dutifully trudged into yet another Disney "adventure" movie. Named after that tired old ride in Anaheim I first went on in 1965. I mean really, how much can you expect?And then, it happened. The swirling intoxication. The stunned feeling. What? Who? How? Was this a movie? Or a religious experience? Perhaps more like an addictive experience...I cannot remember ever willingly paying to see any movie not starring a relative of mine more than twice, and I can count those movies on one hand. I have now seen "Pirates" four times. The only thing keeping me from seeing it again is the sense that this whole thing is just getting out of hand. I cannot get enough of it. It's like walking into a painting that you never want to come back out of. My children ask, with a note of concern in their voices, "Dad, you really like Pirates of the Caribbean a lot, don't you?"And that Depp fellow. My God. I never had any idea who he was, but his name sounded like something created for a pubescent cover-boy for magazines published to hook thirteen year-old girls on make-up and bad music. Wasn't Depp the name of some hair-goo product back in the 60s?I am a straight male. I have several good friends who are gay, but have never fantasized about any gender but the female. But now I understand how women can experience swooning crushes on male film stars. He is simply extraordinary. So sly, so seductive, so canny! I read an interview in which Depp said he went through a slight depression when he had to stop playing Captain Jack Sparrow. I can see why. His inventiveness and sheer pleasure in inhabiting the character come through in every frame. How can I admit to my children that I now troll through fan websites about a former teen heart-throb?I often don't even watch the Academy Awards, and I certainly never have any emotional investment in who wins.Except for this year.Go Jack.And, in a time when many big-budget movies are little more than a hodge-podge of loosely- connected "money shots" this movie puts all the pieces together, with a sense of fun and light-heartedness in special effects that are simply dazzling. I find myself laughing with dizzy appreciation when Barbossa barks out, "You'd best be believing in ghost stories, Miss Turner, you're in one!" and the grinning skeletons come into view, with Badelt's pounding score keeping time to the beat of their maniacal deck-swabbing. And then there's the scene of the pirate-ghouls slithering up from the darkened sea on the mooring cables of the Dauntless, like infernal cats stalking their prey.And now to the music. I can just hear the effete aesthetes dismissing this score, as Mr. Zimmerman anticipates with his winking "overproduced by" credit on the cover-liner. "Bombastic." "Overdone." "Absurdly Stupendous."Well, perhaps it is, for those who spend their lives evaluating such things. To me, it is absolutely transporting. I first listened to it while doing a work-out on a rowing machine and found that I tripled my usual distance. It was like mainlining some hazardous tachycardic amphetamine.Once again, the children were wondering, "What's up with Daddy? Is he OK?"Perhaps I am just losing my grip, having an adolescent movie get to me this way. But when those final credits roll, and Captain Jack narrows his eyes and says, "Now, bring me that horizon. Drink up me hearties, yo ho" and the music swells ... it is difficult to put into words the effect it has.At this point my children have to yank me forcibly from the theater, lest I persist in watching the credits to the bitter end, and bid good-bye to the little monkey once more, wiping tears of exultation from my eyes.This is not just another "entry" in the summer blockbust sweepstakes. It is an exquisite work of fantasy and inventiveness, a true classic, on the order of "The Wizard of Oz." I do hope Depp's performance garners not just awards, but a place in the pantheon, something we old fogies -- and our gently fogeying children decades hence -- will show to our children and grandchildren like a revealed treasure. I cannot recall any movie having such an effect on me.
3 February 2004 A damn good movie. One of the best of 2003 in my view.This movie made me laugh, and it really pulled me in.At first I was afraid this would be another bad Pirate movie. I went to see it anyway, as I've always loved the legends of pirates, and I love adventure. I saw it once. Then twice. Then Quadrupul. Then six times. And one more 7. And now I eagerly wait for the DVD in Australia.What i'm saying is I couldn't get enough of this movie. It was so well done.Johnny Depp was hilarious a Jack Sparrow, and acted like a true Pirate. His obsessive drinking antics, and his walk really brought out this chaqracter. Plus he made character we could all love and enjoy, that deserves an Oscar in my view.Geoffrey Rush played Barbosa the bad guy. Who turned out to be quite a good bad guy in my view. He showed real potential, and I loved the way how he manipulated people.Keira Knightley plays Elizabeth, the governor's daughter. Prisoner of the Pirates. She is quite momorable in this role, and is a great jump for her evergrowing popularity.Orlando Bloom plays Will Turner. A simple blacksmith, who is also a well trained swordsman. Who is in hot pursuit of saving Elizabeth from the Pirates.The more memorable thing about this though is the curse. A well thought out curse. That can always lead to sequel or a prequel. You'll see what I mean when you watch it.The story is based on these Pirates who happen to be cursed, and they want to rid the curse. To do that they need the blood of a pirate, not just any pirate but the son of Bill Turner- William Turner. Mistaken for Bill Turner's child the pirates Capture Elizabeth, and take her hostage, while William teams up with a Rogue pirate, Jack Sparrow, who is on a streak for revenge against Barbosa. While all at the same time are being chased by the british fleet.A great adventure. Well played swordfighting. Great laughs. Great music. And great story. Pirates are back in my good book.
5 September 2005 What lifts this film above typical Disney fluff is Johnny Depp's humorous performance as pirate Jack Sparrow, the eccentric, individualistic anti-hero, who confronts other pirates, and outwits a humorless, incompetent bureaucratic establishment. Sparrow looks more like Cher than Johnny Depp, and talks more like William F. Buckley than a pirate. Geoffrey Rush is a worthy foil as the main rival pirate, Barbossa, a character who vaguely resembles Margaret Hamilton in "The Wizard Of Oz".Most of the plot is silly. There's lots of fighting, shouting, and general mayhem, all accompanied by a frantic score. It's a cinematic slight of hand that conveys an illusion of substance. Still, it's an entertaining popcorn flick. I'm glad I watched it. Depp's deft performance gives us a memorable character, one that is perhaps unique in cinema history.
10 Beautiful,huge production.Amazing beginning of the magnificent series.Memorable Jack Sparrow acting.Well written scenario,well directed movie,well played pirate. Music.Hans Zimmer.Like his other jobs. perfect.Let the series begin.
10 I just forgot how many times I watched this film.This film has comedy,adventure,action.The climax was awesome.A must watch movie.
22 October 2007 Captain Jack Sparrow (Johnny Depp) is not y/our typical Errol Flynn type of machismo, swashbuckling pirate; nor does he play another Disney Captain Hook. He's more like Fagan in "Oliver." Capt. Sparrow's ever so fey. That's his charm.Though the pirates on the "Black Pearl" ship are dead & sometimes in their skeleton form they aren't scary enough for kids since this is a comedy.The story line goes as follows: A governor's daughter is in charge of a young boy her own age who has been pulled out of the sea by her father's bourgeoisie crew. She notices his necklace is a pirate's & takes it from him to protect him from being hung to death.But, the golden medallion is the last 1 of a pirate's treasure that has cursed the "Black Pearl" ship's crew. Without its return, with the blood of the boy on it, the skeletal crew remains dead, unable to feel any life in themselves; they are also not killable since they are already dead.Capt. Sparrow (Depp), though a bumbling comical pirate who's bent upon owning the "Black Pearl," the ship the cursed crew stole from him, plays a marvelously lovable & lucky pirate who is the super glue that holds together the loose ends of the movie. Depp gives his cutest performance I've seen; he's now my favorite pirate! The script is clever; cinematography is fine; special effects are spot-on.
10 You bs people need to rehire Johnny and give a public apology to him for what you have done.
10 The answer is yes, yes it was. Does that sound like a good economic decision? No it does not. Was it a good economic decision yes, yes it was....but who cares? Certainly not me for this film is brilliant, in every single way. Acting: Flawless. Music: Perfect. Writing/Plot/Story: Exquisite. Comedy? Hilarious.
This film is by far one of the greatest films Disney has ever made. Watch it.
21 March 2004 Despite being rife with technical blunders such as the longest full moon in history, Disney's first non-PG film is proving to be a financial boon while at the same time collecting reviews from critics that run from tepid to red hot. I am in complete agreement with Roger Ebert on one point: Somewhere in this 143 minute tour de force there lurks a very good ninety-minute film.Other than Johnny Depp, who fashioned his character's personality (and eye makeup?) after observations of his good friend Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones, the cast of 'Pirates' reads like a Who's Who of English film actors, including Orlando Bloom, Keira Knightley, Jack Davenport and Mackenzie Crook.When screenwriters Ted Elliot and Terry Rossio originally pitched the movie to the Disney executives in the early '90s, Disney rejected it. It makes one wonder just who is running the Disney empire. Universal Studios have been combining action/adventure movies with theme park rides for over two decades (E.T., Jurassic Park, Jaws, and Back to the Future to name a few) only in reverse order-first the film, then the ride. This combination has worked well for Universal, and it seems almost absurd that Disney has taken so long to pick up on the obvious.I liked three things in particular about this film. Just say Johnny Depp three times. His character Jack Sparrow redefines the term swashbuckler. Not since William Hurt's performance in Children of a Lesser God , and to a slightly lesser degree Kevin Costner's in JFK, has an actor so resoundingly stolen the show. If you do not like Johnny Depp, 'Pirates' is not for you. If you do like Mr. Depp (Edward Scissorhands, Ed Wood), you will enjoy 'Pirates'.That is not to say that Orlando Bloom and Geoffrey Rush were less than fantastic. Rush made a delightful villain as Capt. Barbossa, and Orlando Bloom's performance brought charisma to a rather limiting role as Will Turner. Expect nothing but good things from this young actor in the future.Let us examine the plot. This will be a rather short paragraph, for sword fights do not a movie make. The opening scenes show a young Elizabeth Swann on a ship at sea. A young Will Turner floats up on a raft, unconscious, wearing a gold medallion round his neck. Elizabeth hides the medallion so that no one else will know that young Will is a pirate. Years later, the pirates come to Port Royal in quest of the gold piece and kidnap the governor's daughter Elizabeth (Kiera Knightly), now all grown up. The fact that she also has the medallion they are looking for is just one of those lucky things that will happen if you're a good pirate who eats well and stays fit. Captain Jack Sparrow shows up at about the same time and he and Will commandeer a ship from the Royal Navy to chase the pirates, save Elizabeth, and add some adventure to their otherwise bleak lives. Swordfight, swordfight, swordfight, and that's about it. Let us just say that Pirates of the Caribbean has all the plot of an amusement park ride and leave it at that.A few predictions may be in order, however. Look for an Oscar nomination for Depp's efforts. Look for nominations as well for sound, set design, makeup, and cinematography. As far as best picture? Next to Lord of the Rings (Return of the King)? Not likely.Director Gore Verbinski, who used to play in a punk rock band and is best known for creating the Budweiser frogs, does an outstanding job keeping track of the myriad details required of a director, given his limited experience. True, 'Pirates' has countless errors in continuity, but those occur in any film of such scope. Mr. Verbinski has only four other films to his name: a short entitled The Ritual (1996), and then three very different but effectively made films, Mouse Hunt (1997), The Mexican (2001), and the very creepy thriller The Ring (2002). Again, it makes one wonder just who is at the helm of the USS Disney to put a $125 million movie in the hands of a neophyte. Well, it worked with Lord of the Rings and a very inexperienced Peter Jackson, and it worked here for Disney as well.'Pirates of the Caribbean' is a fun movie for most of the family. It may be rather scary for children ten and under and somewhat boring for many over twenty-five. I enjoyed it immensely for exactly what it was... an amusing ride.
9 Beautiful costumes..amazing story and concept and Johnny depp is simply amazing as captain jack sparrow.
Must watch..its a combo of Action Mystery..Comedy and Adventure...
2 March 2004 This is a movie to sit back and enjoy. Funny, fast-paced and with sterling performances from all of the cast, it's not to be missed for good, old-fashioned entertainment. I'm not a huge fan of Depp, but here he excels. Knightly and Bloom make an engaging couple and I enjoyed the fact that the characters of Governor Swann and Norrington were taken in a different direction from that which might be expected by Hollywood. The former could have easily become the stereotypical "You'll marry who I say you'll marry, girl!", while Norrington could have been the standard English navy bully and nasty piece of work. Instead, both were engaging good guys and Norrington's graceful dealings with Will and Elizabeth brought a core of humanity to the movie.
And to the previous reviewer who thought they'd spotted a plot hole:SPOILERwhile there`s a serious plot hole at the end where it`s revealed that Jack Sparrow has been suffering from the curse all along so how did he manage to stay out of the moonlight without anyone noticing his skeletal state ? And how did he manage to get drunk on rum ?Actually, you just weren't watching the movie properly. Jack wasn't in a skeletal state all along. Shortly before the swordfight in the caves with Barbossa and being shown to be skeletal, Jack stole one of the cursed coins from the chest. When he was stabbed by Barbossa, he became skeletal because he was cursed from that moment on. This was made clear at the time when Jack's response to finding out he was suddenly skeletal was to declare, "That's interesting!", flip the stolen coin between his fingers and tell Barbossa, "I couldn't resist." Indicating that he was aware that it was his stealing the coin that had turned him skeletal once he was stabbed.
9 OK, here we go... 2 years after initially seeing this movie, it finally hit me. This movie should have been absolutely terrible. It had a mediocre plot, terrible screen writing, Disney (which, at this point in time, if it didn't have Pixar attached, it sucked). The initial character development and interaction was contrived and shallow. So, why such a wonderful movie?Because of the people behind it. Everyone talks of Johnny Depp, whom i will agree got robbed of a worthy Oscar that year. He is an excellent actor, whom was hilarious and refreshing in what could have been a clich role. But, we cannot forget the ENTIRE cast. Geoffery Rush, once again adding his own ingredient to a meal already been had, played a devilishly enjoyable villain. Orlando Bloom gave us proof that he can, in reality, handle dialog with other characters, and i believe successfully broke the chance of possibly being type casted. Keira Knightly added a visually stunning character, which would have been understood from the beginning. But, she didn't allow her character to fall into such an easy "no-so-damsel-in-distress" role, which has been played again and again.In essence, it was the people involved that made it what it was. While i'm concerned for the sequel, this is truly an adventure classic, with very little clich's, awesome and intriguing characters, beautiful and fluent choreography, awesome set design, and most importantly, a clich' and boring plot/script in the hands of true talent, who were able to break it from the Blockbuster purgatory that it was doomed to.
9 August 2003 This is a fantastic movie full action, adventure, humor and a hell of a lot more! The film is 2 hours and 40 minutes long, but that time flies by as you are transported into an awesome world of swashbuckling and sword fights.Johnny Depp's performance is one of his best ever as the slightly camp Captain Jack Sparrow. Even under his tangle of hair and blackened eyes, he will make you swoon and laugh both at the same time with his tonnes of witty lines and mannerisms. Orlando Bloom plays the love struck son of a pirate, Will Turner and play him he does! This roll highlights the diversity and skill shown by some of the greats. We will definitely see big things from him in years to come. In her second roll in big time flick, Kira Knightley plays kidnapped Govener's daughter, Elizabeth Swan. She is also another young, up and coming star with a bright future ahead of her.The film may not be the most historically accurate pirate film of all times but all that is forgotten as you enjoy the brilliance of this marvelous movie. Did I also catch a subtle omage to the 1953 swashbuckler 'The Crimson Pirate' when Will and Jack walk underwater in an upturned rowing boat? Sneaky!The only negative thing I have to say, and believe me I don't want to say it, is that fact we are never told the reason why the curse of the black pearl could only be broken by the blood of William Turner (Senior) and in turn by his son. Despite this plot flaw however, Pirates of the Caribbean is a magical journey that will drop the jaws of parents, children and grandparents alike. I'm definitely buying it when it come out on DVD!
9 Pirates of the Caribbean is a well-written, well-made, and well-acted film. Do not expect a simple action film; it is humourous and creepy, fascinating and thrilling.  Like most films, there are a couple of holes here and there in the fabric of the story; but this film wasn't made for the Oscars, it's meant to entertain and it succeeds in full at that.  It's a jolly good time with some good actors (and great Academy Award Winner Geoffrey Rush) and high adventure on the high seas.  Not to be missed!
7 This film is the epitome of a solid action-filled adventure. It has a straightforward and fast-paced plot that drags you in, propelled by a charming lead, witty jokes and compelling special effects. It roars along with gusto and thrills the audience from beginning to end.
3 Warning Spoilers.First part of the movie, tried to be some kind of self-ironic introspective on the state of movies and even made a direct reference to a Matrix sequel. Now the problem with that kind of commentary is that you effectively break the 4th wall or ruin any idea that this isn't just a movie.The film then stumbles towards some kind of plot about the new matrix and Neo/Trinity but fails miserably.The ending is a bore fest of mindless dark action (I mean filmed in the dark) with no tension or point.Did they have a budget of 10m and a timeline of a week to make this film, it certainly looks like it.The original Matrix, in my opinion, is the best film ever made. It has perfect pacing, actions, beautifully realised, cool conversations, properly filmed and choreographed action scenes and even manages a philosophical theme, with all that going on. There is tension, people may and do die, there is a purpose to what they want to achieve. It had a serious tone. It established a set of rules, which is crucial to this type of movie. It was an against-the-odds film.In this, the fights are meaningless, badly filmed, just thrown in for no reason. Neo now just has a super-power and that's it. There is no tension, no one dies, nothing is really at stake, the FX are terrible. When Neo realises, he has Kung Fu abilities again, he has zero reaction, nothing.Did anyone believe the Japanese train was real? The casting is awful, did anyone care about any of the characters and their terrible acting. It looked rushed, cheap, and amateurish.The mocking of the original film and it dialog was sacrilege and childish. Showing actual film footage and claiming it was game footage, really?I suspect the comment at the beginning of the movie, about having to make a sequel, was genuine, so they made the worse film they could.
22 December 2021 Some kind of fan-fiction? Did they write 5 scripts and couldn't decide on which one to go with so the blended them together? This was not a Matrix movie by any stretch of the imagination. Even worse than Reloaded or Revolutions. This was a mess of a movie, and the action scenes made no sense. I don't know who the fight choreographer was, but they must have been sold a bill of goods with whoever they went with. Also, Neo can fight, then he can't, then he can? Also, the action in the other Matrix movies (even the bad ones) you could tell what was going on. This seemed like every time there was a fight scene in this one, they used a lot of shaky cam/quick cuts so the action was incomprehensible. If you are going to bring The Matrix back for another installment after almost 20 years, you had better have something special, as the original Matrix used all the newest technology available at the time to tell an already awesome story. This one, they tried to make action scenes (which were awful) to cover up the fact that they had nothing to add to The Matrix story, and both together were just embarrassing. 5 stars only because Keanu Reeves was in this. I don't know why he agreed to do it, but he was there, I don't think he brought his A game, but he was, in fact, in the movie. That's about all I can say, no one in this movie looked exited to be making it.
2 If the SyFy channel made a Matrix series it would look like this. So much about this is way off. The editing and pacing. Shot composition. Fight scenes. Lighting... All of it looks cheap and nasty and that's just the 1st 10 mins.
3 I had been holding off from watching The Matrix Resurrections for fear of disappointment, but I eventually took the red pill and went down the rabbit hole, hoping I would party like it was 1999. I hate to say it, but the party is well and truly over: The Matrix Reloaded peed in the punch, and Revolutions made a right royal mess of the bathroom, but Resurrections calls the police, who break down the door and arrest everyone for disturbing the peace. In short, a good time is not had by all.Keanu Reeves, sporting his strange half-beard and lank hair, once again plays Neo, who has been resurrected by the machines and plugged back into the Matrix as top games designer Thomas Anderson, famous for his groundbreaking Matrix series (how meta!). Thomas is approached by some alternative types with stupid names and stupid hair who convince him that his life is a lie and extract him from the matrix. After regaining his mojo (kung fu skills and stopping bullets in mid-air), Neo and his new pals attempt to rescue Trinity (Carrie-Anne Moss), who is still being used as a battery by the machines.Part four in the franchise, directed by Lana Wachowski, should have been called The Matrix Regurgitations for it is content to deliver exactly the same kind of nonsense as seen almost two decades ago in Reloaded and Revolutions, namely lots of shooting, lots of fighting, lots of explosions, lots of CGI, and an incomprehensible load of old cyber-crap masquerading as a plot. In short, it's a big case of dj vu (see what I did there?). Hugo Weaving and Laurence Fishburne had the good sense to stay away from this embarrassing attempt to flog an old horse to death; I bet Christina Ricci and Neil Patrick Harris wish they had followed suit.
1 What even was this? This was so dumb. What were they thinking when they were making this movie the dialogue is corny and the fight scenes were lame asf. Why was this even made?
2 After "Reloaded" and "Revolutions" I knew that the odds were better than good that "Resurrections" was going to be awful. Still, I went against my better judgment and went to see it. Part of it has to do with a false hope and part of it has to do with the dearth of movies to watch in theater.The movie is called "Resurrections" because "duh," Neo (Keanu Reeves) is resurrected along with Trinity (Carrie-Anne Moss). I won't even go into the ridiculous mumbo jumbo spouted out to explain their resurrection. It all made as much sense as the Architect did in "Revolutions." Just know that Neo was magically back as was Trinity. Morpheus (Yahya Abdul Mateen) was back in some cyborg manner and Agent Smith (Jonathan Groff) was a younger version. I think it's telling that both Laurence Fishburne and Hugo Weaving were not a part of this project. I think they saw the script and thought better of having such a stain on their resumes.You know a movie is bad when they spoof themselves within the movie. You'll occasionally see that in vapid sequels that are fresh out of ideas such as Scream 3 and 4 or "New Nightmare" (A Nightmare on Elm Street 6). In the beginning of "Resurrections" Neo was back to being Thomas Anderson. He was a game designer who had designed a game called "The Matrix." Basically, the three previous Matrix movies were all just designs of his. His coworkers spent way too much screen time discussing what the Matrix was supposed to mean and what a new Matrix video game should be. It was quite pathetic seeing the movie try so hard to make it seem like everything that had occurred was all Mr. Anderson's imagination. It was a forced plot if there ever was one.To further drive home that the movie wasn't going to generate anything fresh and new, there were frequent insertions of scenes from Matrixes past. There were probably a dozen or more clips from the older movies thrust into "Resurrections" to either refresh the viewer's memory or add content that was actually good. All that does is denigrate the movie at hand because you're constantly being reminded of how good it was. It's as if the production team gave up already and conceded that what people yearn for is the original but we will never be able to amount to that, so here are some clips from the original as a supplement. Even the way the archive footage was shoehorned in there showed a lack of creativity or concern.I could rant on about the putridness of this movie, but what would be the point? It was long, slow, boring, talkative, emotionless, and unexciting. Nothing about it was new, fresh, or stimulating. The fighting was the same as were the outfits and copious bullets fired. This movie was just a stale remake dressed as a sequel, but I deserved what I got because I knew better.
1 The directors, writers and producers could have done something decent, respectable, but they were wrong about everything.Bad execution, bad effects, bad plot, very poor camera effects compared to its predecessors. And the script is the most incorrect, disastrous of all. It leaves many plot holes such as "Since when Trinity has so many abilities that Neo, when in their first three installments they don't talk or mention it". And this is just one of its many weak points.It cannot be claimed that being or trying to make a comic satire of his previous films can be accepted, on the contrary. They should have taken advantage of these almost 20 years to do a better job but they wasted it.
4 The ending of the matrix was fine, now they did this movie that makes close to zero sense.Everyone is older, the movie makes no sense... ok the FX and action is good but other then that, there is nothing going on.Its a weird movie to be honest. Neo wanting to do everything to save trinity and ready to put the lives of millions in danger to do so and so much more nonsense like that.
3 Everything felt cheap ..... it didnt look like a matrix movie, the bar was set too high in 1999 by first Matrix.I didnt like how they forced the female character to be the muscle and made Neo as a weak old lady.
3 Laughingly bad. Filled with loads of "Remember this?" flashbacks and obnoxious slow-mo and blur. Dull and confusing story, dumb dialogue, and crap action sequences you won't remember at all. Another rehash stinker. Just a quick cash-grab and all the talent from the original Matrix trilogy is gone and left with a movie that wasn't needed in the first place.3/10.
4 Blah blah blah = how much talking and exposition is in this movie. The original matrix had a lot of talking too, but every conversation is intriguing. In this movie, it bored me to death. Almost put me to sleep.Blah blah blah = the mess of a story that is this movie. It's all over the place and feels like a bunch of nonsense mashed together.Blah blah blah = the unclear and uninspiring action. The fight scenes in the first two movie are amongst the best ever put to screen, including Asian cinema. The action in Reloaded is incredible. In this movie, it just feels like action vomit all over the screen. It ranges from mediocre to bad. And only one part is memorable (certain things are falling onto the street). The fight scenes suffer from close ups and quick cuts, something we never see in the originals.The more I think about it, a 4 star rating seems generous. But that's how I felt leaving the theater. There is some good here. But I don't think I'd bother giving it another chance. (1 viewing, 12/23/2021)
2 Greetings from Lithuania."The Matrix" (1999) is in my TOP 3 movies of all time. I was a teenager when it came out and i basically grew up with it. I liked "Reloaded" and even "Revolutions" was pretty OK movie.Cut to almost 20 years later and we have "The Matrix Resurrections" (2021). I was exited after the amazing trailer, yet the track record of movies that Wachowski made after "Revolutions" was not giving many hopes. And after seeing latest one on a premier day just now i can say that "Resurrections" is the worst movie I've seen in many moons, unfortunately. It was excruciatingly bad.Story was a mess. Writing was horrible. It was so poorly written that audience was started to laugh at things that were not supposed to be funny. Directing was terrible. The only good thing in this disaster was Jessica Henwick's acting - she was good. And Keanu Reeves just sleepwalked trough the whole thing.Overall, "Resurrections" felt like a parody of the original trilogy - i kid you not. You have to see by yourself Jada Pinkett Smith's Niobe to believe it - and i will say nothing more. It literally felt like a sequel to "Battlefield Earth" (2000) rather to one of the best films ever made. On the other hand - in its 2 h 20 min run time it wasn't boring - with my broken heart i can safely say that "The Matrix Resurrections" was so bad that it was actually fun to watch. One day thins might become a cult classic, but not in a good way.Terrible movie in every single possible way.
4 Back then the first Matrix movie was a revelation, for sure one of the best movies made in the 90s. I also liked the sequels a lot - despite some flaws here and there. Anyway, The Matrix Resurrections is what I expected and feared - a very mediocre movie compared to the original trilogy. Who needs this one? Why was it even made - the story was told and Resurrections adds nothing really new or any good. Like that new Resident Evil fail, this one I watched once and I will most likely never put on a screen again: I will take the blue pill and forget its existence...
1 The three previous Matrix, you could sense the fear the humans had when entering the Matrix or interactions with the machines. These new characters treated it like it was their neighborhood playground and had no worries of death. It was laughable!... I said characters because I actually don't even remember none of their names.
3 I had a horrible feeling 2 minutes into the film it was going to be bad. The film is very off. No Morpheus no Matrix and what is with the incessant need to show clips from the original film every minute like we don't know what they are referring to.It feels like they made this to a younger audience who have never heard of The Matrix and needed reminding with the constant references to the first.I feel sick.
4 Since my movie watching habits were very late, I generally like very bad movies. I was very excited for The Matrix 4.But... But... But...
The movie is awful.Even though the movie was bad, I still went to the cinema. The movie was boring.The script was bad.The footage was bad.The fights and action were terrible.The first part of the movie was a parody movie, the second part was a cheap action movie, and the third part was a zombie movie.Most people liked the first parts of the movie, but I didn't like it at all.Agent Smith and Morpheus were not good in this movie. Morpheus was an insult to the original Morpheus.This movie was not needed. This movie is an insult to the Matrix movies.
3 Morpheus was a smart, profound man who left the impression of a kung fu monk. This new one is an antipathetic character that I wouldn't follow anywhere, even if my own life depends on it.These new characters they did don't inspire and don't have that intellectual depth. The only thing good about this film are the moments of fights, CGI, and of course, it's nice to see Niobe, Trinity, and Neo.However, when you get to The Merovingian (Lambert Wilson) speech or to The Analyst (Patrick Haris), you come back to IMDB and edit your rating from "terrible" to "hm, ok".Haha :D The song from credits. My God, this modern-day society killed everything. This is embarrassing.
3 Original Matrix was a very interesting movie, pretty original and with real artistic value.The second was an attempt to go deeper on the same theme(s), but, it didn't work out very well.The third one was an attempt to wrap things up. It got a little silly near the end, but, it still had _some_ sense of purpose and meaning.But, this... it's completely lost in... well, it's own matrix.Yes, there are a few interesting ideas, like Thomas Anderson making a gaming trilogy that is like the real Matrix movie trilogy and (some) machines siding with humans. But, there are very few.There's one joke that works, but is ruined shortly afterwards. Many attempts at mocking Laurence Fishburne's take on Morpheus land very, very badly. The whole concept of "The One", which is the whole point of the trilogy is shattered to pieces with the concept of "The Pair"... Actually, the whole conclusion of the trilogy is essentially thrown out the window. Just because it wasn't very good and a lot of people didn't like it, doesn't mean you can just pretend like it didn't happen - at least, if you want to do that, explain it somehow, like, make it a dream or some such thing.It's boring a _lot_ of the time. Barney Stinson of HIMYM fame is completely wasted here, even though the general idea of casting him as the Analyst makes some sense, but he both has a few jokes and gags and they are so bad, nobody could pull them off. The next generation leader, which is, of course, a girl, speaks very fast and strange, I could not understand her most of the time. The end with Trinity performing meaningless violence against Barney Stinson is meaningless (he's a computer program, it has no real effect), out of character for her and for Neo who's being a voyeur of the whole silly thing...And, at long last, Priyanka Chopra ain't no Monica Bellucci, not even close.It kind of feels like a very high-end fan film. Yes, those are the characters and that's the setting/environment, but, it's done by people who both don't understand them very well and don't know much about the movie making.Since it's not _terrible_, just bad, if you're a huge Matrix fan, I guess it would make sense to see it. For others, especially if you are a non-huge Matrix fan, it's better if you don't, it's gonna make you think a lot less about the first three movies.
2 The original Matrix is an absolute classic (9/10). The two sequels were good (6 or 7/10) but with pretty confusing storylines in parts.This film is truly dreadful. Surprisingly awful in fact.The trailor takes tiny snapshots of the film and make it look like a fantastic blockbuster, but in reality it is a nostalgia-heavy, poorly thought out and terribly acted 'remake' of sorts of the first film.The storyline and the number of pointless easter eggs/repeats of the first film make this a largely pointless addition to the original trilogy.Save your money or go and see Spiderman instead 
1 So what if you could remake the original Matrix film, but this time without the big reveal of what the Matrix is and add a twist that tries to explain why you could do that? It's like an idea you joke around about but not actually make into a film that you've made before. And in typical Hollywood fashion, they remake the same thing but just bigger, flashier, with things they think are even cooler, - and results in something so much dumber. Things in this Matrix don't need to make sense provided they look cool, which is all that matters.This Matrix should have stayed dead. Action? No, not really, at least not for a very large part of it - and the kung fu actually sucks. This is The Matrix: A Love Story. But this time, with just cooler looking characters and mumbo jumbo that explains the technology stuff in a way that doesn't make sense to us people but it does to the actors, who nod their heads and smile as if they really know what that techno gobbledygook means."Wow, this code is freaky!!!!" one actor says in excitement! LOL, the film becomes a parody of itself, along with replacement actors who can't help but try their best to mimic the iconic performances of a cast that happened to have been cast perfectly. My single word review of this tripe is the replacement phrase for "whoa!!!" that was in the original film. "Fuuuuuuuu*****!" See it if you're curious. But it's big, dumb and a useless grab at the franchise cash register.
1 Matrix resurrection is nothing more than nonsensical garbage with a few rehashed scenes from the original trilogy thrown in for nostalgia.This movie lacks everything that made "The Matrix" original & exciting & is more snoozefest than blockbuster.A far better choice would've been to cast a new young lead to continue the story of humans vs the machines.More time spent on developing a decent story would've been far better than throwing copious amounts of money at cgi artists & stuntmen.
5 I've been waiting for this one with anticipation and I was thoroughly disappointed. I spent the first 40 minutes wondering what was going on. It was barely coherent. The rest of the movie got slightly better. But there was no real story. Some parts were enjoyable. Some weren't. But, at the end, I didn't feel like my day had been enriched by watching it and I have no desire to watch it again. The original Matrix, on the other hand, I still watch that at least once a year. This movie was done strictly as a money grab. There was no real story to tell and no journey to follow. I don't recommend it!
4 I remember seeing the Matrix in the cinema as a young kid and it blew my mind. It was the essence of cool, combining a then unfamiliar Hong Kong aesthetic with cutting edge special effects, heady themes, and of course bringing bullet time to the forefront of modern cinema. Visually it was soo revolutionary that the 2003 sequels were never able to recapture that impact, and this sequel is no exception.Nowadays there isn't a single superhero movie that hasn't been built on the Matrix's special effects and evolved it to such a level that Resurrections would have truly have had to have been unique to have the same impact as the original, which is something that I doubt anyone was expecting, so all I was asking for was a solid, well thought out, storyline. And that sadly is something that Resurrection does not have. Hell, half of the movie seems to just be footage from the first three movies, one quarter is millennial characters moaning about millennial issues, and one quarter seems to be new, albeit pointless, content.I can see why Hugo, after reading the script, turned down the chance to reprise his Agent Smith role. I would have done the same if I'd have read the script too. And casting Neil Patrick Harris as a villain? He was so miscast that he was comically bad; I genuinely felt embarrassed for him and his performance. Keanu too, sadly, put it a terrible performance, arguable the worst of his career, and Carrie-Anne Moss was clearly just walking in her performance. Jessica Henwick seemed to be about the only one who could be bothered to act in this movie but sadly her storyline was just as dull as the rest of the movie.Morpheus once said that unfortunately no-one can be told what the Matrix is, you have to see it for yourself. Well I'm telling you now that you do not need to see the movie to know that it's bad. Sometimes you should just leave sleeping dogs lie.
2 This is so cheap that they basically remade the first film yet made it also a sequel at the same time. The majority of the film has the same structure as the first film and most scenes are exactly the same just altered...The good thing is that CGI is very high quality, but at the same time action scenes feel so generic and uninspired, way inferior to the original film, I admit a few moments were cool, but most action not only feel weak but poorly executed like fights feel like they were made by people who don't know how to fight so they just try to imitate what fighting supposed to look like from what they've seen somewhere else.Music is trying real hard to imitate the soundtrack of original films yet feels weaker and more like rip-offs than remixes or remakes of old tracks.What's up with all the references and literally showing footage from previous films? Do they think we have forgotten the films completely? But the insulting part is that film acknowledges that it references itself to the point that it literally tells that fact a few times - as a joke? I guess, sort of breaking the 4th wall but not really I guess. It's just so lame.There are also so many embarrassing scenes, I laughed so hard at some of the stuff that if this film isn't meme material - I don't know what is then.Also, many of the returning characters often feel completely out of character, and I despise how they treated most characters that do not return for this film. It feels like that Matrix parody by CollegeHumor.Most importantly this feels very long (and it is), yet it shows almost nothing cool, most of it just replicates the first film also making it somehow longer yet worse in every way with the only exception being a much better CGI. It's such a shame that such uninspired sequels like this exist.
3 Writers have ran out of material, and the new writers are just plain rubbish. They have to re release old movies or make another installment. No originality anymore. Most new stuff's boring. Im finding myself having to watch old 70s 80s 90s movies. The stuff we get today is BAD lol.Nothing to see here. Not tht i was expecting anything.
9 The first time I watched The Suicide Squad it was with a number of other people and I have to admit that I really didn't get much from it. It was just OKAY to me.A couple of months later, my husband and I watched it and I really listened and paid attention, and I thought it was excellent - apart from the dumb / gratuitous harm to the birds (what the heck was that about, anyway?) and the ridiculous villainous "thing" (I won't say more in order to avoid a Spoiler tag). The 'twist' early on, and the comedic flow, especially between Elba and Cena, was fantastic.The thing is, although I normally do not find many movies to be rewatchable, we just got through watching it (for me, a third time) with family, and if anything, I found it even funnier than the last time! My rating of 9, is for the times I laughed just today.
8 Remember when James Gunn was 'temporarily' fired by Marvel Studios and we were all disappointed by the decision? Well, it turns out that was a blessing in disguise when Warner Bros. Booked him for a slot of this movie and months later, he was reemployed by the giant-sized company for GOTG 3 and he just killed two heroes with one stone. 2021's The Suicide Squad is indeed, THE Suicide Squad that we all deserve!The most outstanding thing about this latest squad is the way they blend and mix in everything into the recipe. It's like you're watching a bunch of genres; comedy, dark comedy, fantasy, action, thriller, drama, superhero, spoof and commentaries; political, social contexts, world revolving issues all together and yet, it tastes trs bon! Often enough, movies that try to do everything together fail big time but not this one. This is a cinematic achievement.James Gunn, who also directed Guardians of the Galaxy, knew that the Marvel/DC films have rehashed their materials multiple times; basic origin, romance, giving up, final battle. Hence, Gunn develops a non-formulaic approach that seems suicidal at first but triumphantly creates something unique and unpredictable. From the get-go, Gunn's vision is unconventional but polished, enough to make the audience feels they have never seen anything like it before.Talking about unpredictability, it indeed is what it is. You never know what will come next, who will die or survive. There are a few times that Gunn uses the head fake technique to deceive viewers from its sequential but engaging storytelling. Like Deadpool, something unexpected happens at the moment when you least expect it.The juxtaposition of both the 2016's and 2021's is evidently visible. While 2016 has its moments, almost everyone could agree it was disappointingly bland af. The 2021 entry has a strong direction and far better pacing, let alone twists that are fully captivating. The only couple of things that 2016 did it better were the trailers and the soundtrack.The Rated-R is straight up hardcore to the face. It's superbly gory, darkly comical and unabashedly funny, all without pulling its punches. This is how DC films should be, not as dour as Zack Snyder's but not as light as Marvel's either.When it comes to flaws, albeit its powerful opening scene, I feel that they waste many of the potential characters here insofar some of them never even got the chance to show their abilities, skills, talents or superpowers.I am also not impressed by the intensity of the movie's brightness particularly on the background in some scorching white scenes. It defaces the texture of the film and should dazzle some viewers, left distorting of what could have been an iconic scene like the slo-mo segment.All in all, 2021's The Suicide Squad makes for a suicidal task with flamboyantly sheer colourful characters that collectively sign up for one thing amidst this pandemic chaos; blasting out loud the volume of fun and violence, subsequently climbing to the top as the best DCEU Film ever made.
8 I remember as if it was yesterday my utter disappointment in 2016 when I purchased my tickets to watch Suicide Squad back then. No hate towards David Ayer, the studios definitely meddled with his film to the max, I would LOVE to see his version but nonetheless, what we got was such a terrible film.... Fast forward 5 years & Warner Brothers turns the tables and makes what is probably one of the GREATEST comic book movies of all time. The film is very ballsy, violent & full of heart. The characters are eye candy & I'm VERY happy that James Gunn kept what worked in the original. Because it was a bad movie but there were some good in it. This film James really respects David Ayers film by keeping what worked while just sticking to what needed to be done. The R Rating was needed, I'm also glad the studio acknowledged that. I'm VERY Tired of seeing studios go for a PG-13 rating so they can get more views. Like cmon now, grow a pair please. Sony doing it with Venom & all other types of examples of studios fearing the R Rating... I think ever since Joker Warner Brothers has discovered that they can really get the same numbers if not more regardless, Then Birds Of Prey happened, which I enjoyed too. BUT my point is ALL of this led up to this movie RIGHT HERE. So again, kudos to Warner Brothers for the R Rating!!! Now first things first, The action is GREAT & the twists are even more magnificent. The Comedy is SPOT ON, and lands when it needs to, the use of dark comedy and balance of character development is done so well that it doesn't feel out of place or that one is taking over the other. BloodSport carry's this movie, his performance was SCREAMING Will Smith for me, (meaning the role just looks like it was meant for him because he had daughter issues too) but I gotta say, Idris Elba grew on me more than Will Smith did. His performance is GREAT and he has amazing chemistry with another character and it just feels special. Polka Dot man was absolutely hilarious yet gave me a bittersweet taste in my mouth, but in a good way. King Shark was an amazing joy to watch on screen. Peacemaker was awesome too. Now what I mean by awesome is off their importance, performance and role in the movie. Some of these characters are not like able... mind you... and some things will happen over the course of events and make you not like characters more and that's where this movie shines. It's VERY unpredictable. And when you feel like you think you know where the movie is going it pulls the rug from under you hard. Very enjoyable ride. When it was over I wanted to watch it again.*Pros*
Well written characters / performances
Comedy/Action (is not repetitive)
Effects/CGI
Story / plot / script*Cons*
Thinly written Villain
Climax for the ending felt just a bit thin wish it would have required more "teamwork" and not one character being the reason they won (you'll see what I mean)
Some Characters I felt died a bit too soon and would have liked a little more depth before they went.WB needs to keep this up and we will continue to want more. If they understand the character they should know the direction needed to continue the character. Superman doesn't need to be dark and suicide squad should never be PG13. Not saying these are "impossible to do" but just saying if you REALLY understand the character you should know what works and what doesn't, and as far as I see it... this is the RIGHT direction for The Suicide Squad Peacemaker show is something to look forward to! And I will be more than happy to call this Film an "The REAL Academy Winning Suicide Squad" because it deserves the title more than the 2016 one... #releasetheayercut.
5 I think it's pretty obvious that James Gunn doesn't agree with me about ensemble movies, not that he thinks they're easy, but that we differ on how good ones are constructed. I feel that ensemble movies are hard because you have to create a variety of different characters all swirling around one thing, and that their journeys need to interrelate on some level beyond the mechanics of plot to help reinforce the central point of the film. Gunn sees ensemble pieces differently. He seems to see them as large canvases for him to fill in with whatever his imagination deems amusing at the time with little regard to structure. There's definitely entertainment to be had with Gunn's approach, but I ultimately find it a frustrating kind of entertainment that's fun in spurts but ultimately feels like its constantly stopping and going instead of being handled by an artist who understands exactly where the narrative train needs to end up.Gunn's haphazard approach to structure often works against him, but I feel like his opening to The Suicide Squad actually works fairly well. We are introduced to Task Force X, a team of half a dozen criminals with super abilities sent to the small Caribbean nation of Corto Maltese. Led by Rick Flag (Joel Kinnaman), they land on the beach in the middle of the night and immediately get wiped out by the local army leaving only Flag and Harley Quinn (Margot Robbie) alive. This is told through the eyes of Michael Rooker's Savant, brought into the mission and our very quick introductory eyes into the rules of the world, including the pressure that Amanda Waller (Viola Davis) brings to convincing these prisoners to go on her missions for her, and ultimately how she deals with people who refuse her orders (heads go boom). All of this mission, though, was a mere distraction for the actual force with the actual mission, though, and the way the film jumps from the distraction to the real team and then back in time three days to see how the real team was formed is an amusing misdirect that I feel like is a fun way to begin the film, especially when you consider the gore that Gunn loves to wallow in, being able to put it all on full display with this R-rated DC comic book movie.The real team is led by Idris Elba's Bloodsport, an assassin who can't miss, followed by John Cena's Peacemaker, David Dastmalchian's Polka-Dot Man, Daniela Melchior's Ratcatcher 2 (her father was the original), and Sylvester Stallone as the walking shark Nanaue. These five have the mission of finding Jotunheim, a secret installation, home to Project Starfish, and destroy it after the country of Corto Maltese has fallen to a military coup. This cast of colorful characters gets moments throughout the film to highlight their unique personalities, and there's interest to be had here. If I had to pick a favorite, it would probably be Polka-Dot Man, subjected to alien experiments by his mother that gave him an extra-terrestrial virus that manifests in the form of circular, primary-colored discs that he must expel in one way or another twice a day. The problem is that his back story comes at the most random time where all progress in the story unnaturally comes to a stop for him to tell his tale.And that's the sort of thing that happens to all of them except the characters that we already know, Flag and Quinn. In between, there are definitely amusing bits like the competition between Bloodsport and Peacemaker as they walk into an enemy camp, brutally murdering enemy combatants along the way to the central tent, trying to one-up the other with Bloodsport realizing, in comedic fashion, that Peacemaker had the better time of it than him. But, instead of moving on with the story, the effort to capture the scientist in charge of Project Starfish to get them inside, we have to catch up with Quinn who has been captured by the military and brought to the president because he had fallen in love with her. Again, this isn't necessarily bad stuff, but it's the story grinding to a halt completely to tell what essentially amounts to a nearly unrelated short film.I will say this, I think this is the first time that Harley Quinn feels right. I don't have a lot of history with her, having only watched The Animated Series a bit as a kid and never reading her in the comics, but moreso than in the original Suicide Squad and definitely more than in Birds of Prey, Quinn feels like an interesting character as she kills the president because she got a bad feeling about him, and she made a promise to herself to do the right thing the next time she got a bad feeling about a man she was involved with by murdering him. When she breaks out of captivity on her own, it's the absolute best use of her from an action sequence standpoint so far. Gunn knows to give her lots of guns and plenty of environmental tools to make her sequence where she kills several dozen soldiers feel believable, and the effect of taking it somewhat subjective by having flowers explode everywhere as the sequence crescendos is actually quite nice to see. My problem is that this sequence feels like it could have been pretty much cut completely and we wouldn't have missed anything particularly important to the actual story at hand.The actual story, if you were going to dig through the morass of different threads, seems to be about American efforts to push off its dirty work onto third-world countries, and it doesn't really manifest until something like 90 minutes into the 130-minute-long movie. America hired Corto Maltese to study a space starfish that expelled smaller version of itself that attached to the faces of people and starts controlling them, turning them into extensions of itself. The rest of the film is this huge battle to take it out, using everyone's special abilities to attack Starro in a weird version of the ending of The Avengers (I would be surprised if Gunn wasn't consciously mirroring the MCU team up movie), and it's nice to look at.That being said, though, it ends up feeling like a purely technical exercise because it's just the latest in a series of events. It doesn't feel like the culmination of a story. The whole 90 minutes that preceded it was a random collection of moments of people, connected only by the barest of mechanical plot strings. There's nothing thematic undergirding the earlier moments that brings them together with the larger plot in the form of the giant Starfish that attacks the city, so I end up looking at this finale as mere spectacle and nothing else. It's pretty in the Gunn twisted kind of way, but I end up feeling like it's really empty.I know this film is getting pretty universal praise, and I sort of get it. It's thinly entertaining, but it doesn't really gel overall. It's the best the DCEU has been since Shazam!, though.
6 James Gunn was given complete autonomy over this project and decided to have fun to the end. He introduced a number of characters who, at least to me, were largely unknown. I got a little lost there because it wasn't clear to me why the film has 20+ characters, but later everything still makes sense.I don't know if it's up to me, to the numerous extremely positive reviews for which I had slightly higher expectations, but I'm not thrilled with the end product. I got the impression that the film is quite popular because of the many bloody and violent sequences the film is full of. Literally from the first to the last scene, the film records numerous victims, liters of blood and internal organs that are everywhere. In addition, the film is full of humor that often seemed forced. So that combination of blood and humor seems to be popular in the world so then logically the film is also very popular. For me personally, not everything went well, I didn't laugh many times.I would draw a parallel with two similar films that are remarkable to me: Guardians of the Galaxy and Deadpool. GotG is a film with several main characters who go on a difficult mission and is full of humor. Deadpool is a movie with one main character who constantly talks nonsense and is full of blood. Both films work with their formula unlike this film.Also the film was supposed to have a simpler plot. A team of strange people with powers gather, go on a suicide mission where all sorts of things start happening. Any exit from the main plot or addition was unnecessary for the story and contributed nothing to the quality of the film. The villains aren't top notch either, easily forgettable, and the main villain was a little too grotesque to me.In the end it turns out that I was too negative in this review because the film was not catastrophic for me, but I tried to understand the many positive reviews and enthusiasm for this film, I failed. This was an ok movie for me, nothing special, I would put it in the category of popcorn movies - you watch it to have fun for two hours, and you turn off your brain.
1 The first SS was a real idiocy, but this new part has managed to topple the sheer level of lunacy and imbecile crass low ebb by all means/
The recipe is simple - awful plot, unlikable characters, loud noise, lots of gore, cringe deaths, horrid pace, total absence of depth or integrity, sheer profanity and and on top of all that - lackluster performance where every aspect is overplayed and overcooked in lukewarm watr.Even Margot Robbie did not save this abomination since her part is a pathetic clowning with no merit.In a word - stupid to the brink of clear abomination.
3 As "The Suicide Squad" (2021 release; 140 min.) opens, Savant is released from prison and joins the rest of the Suicide Squad to go on a dangerous mission on a island called Corto Maltese. Soon enough, things go wrong, very wrong. But then we learn that another Suicide Squad team is getting onto the island. What the heck is going on here? We then go to "3 days earlier" as Bloodsport is cleaning the prison's floor. At this point we are 10 min. Into the film but to tell you more of the plot would spoil your viewing experience, you'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments: this is the long-delayed follow-up to the original Suicide Squad film in 2016. Don't call it a sequel, though, as much (but not all) of the original cast isn't returning. It's more like a reboot, as if regretting how not very good (ok, worse than that) the 2016 film ultimately turned out. A reboot already? Yup, already. This one is written and directed by James "Guardians of the Galaxy" Gunn. One thing is clear: once the decision was made that the 2021 reboot was going to get an R rating, Gunn decided to make it as hard an R rating as possible. None of that matters of course, as long as the story line works well and the characters are fully developed. Alas, that is where this movie falls way short. There is no character development whatsoever, as if it is assumed that the viewer already knows these characters (some viewers may some of these characters, but surely not all viewers and not all characters). As for the actual story line, it's hard to say anything about it without spoiling so I won't. For me (and I realize this is a subjective view), it all made for scatterbrained viewing, and in the end this movie didn't do anything for me, sorry."The Suicide Squad" opened wide in theaters this weekend but also was available for streaming on HBO Max, where I caught it. The initial box office reports are not very kind, and make this the lowest opening weekend gross ever in the DCEU. Of course, things are not helped by the rapidly surging and highly infectious Delta coronavirus variant (why, oh why, do TENS OF MILLIONS refuse to get vaccinated is beyond me). If you are a fan of the DCEU or the 2016 Suicide Squad or simply a Margot Robbie fan, I'd readily suggest you check this out, be it in the theater, on VOD, or eventually on DVD/Blu-ray, and draw your own conclusion.
8 I have to admit I don't like the first Suicide Squad. And Birds of Prey is a bit boring. So when Harley Quinn come back for the third time I don't have high expectations. No offense to Margot Robbie, her performance is great but the story from both movie is just not that good.And enter James Gunn, this man totally change the game. This movie is way better than two other DC movies that I mentioned above. It is fun, full of action, and surprisingly gory. Something that I didn't expect before.The story still follow the same pattern. Convicted criminals with special powers were given the task to save the day. This time there are more characters introduced than before. I personally like the character King Shark, voiced by Sylvester Stallone. The chemistry between fatherly figure Bloodsport (Idris Elba) and Ratcatcher 2 (Daniela Melchior) is so good here.I like the comedy here, so chaotic. The CGI is believable, the action is cool, and as I said before, it's gory. So many blood splattered, body dismembered, throat cut, they're not for those with weak stomach for sure. I just wish there's more explanation in the end of the movie. But other than that, it's a good movie.
8 Before I talk about the film, let me talk a bit about DCEU. The difference between DC and Marvel (and why Marvel is more successful than DC) is the people behind them. The people/company behind Marvel (Disney) know and plan everything. They even planned this whole MCU thing ever since 2008's Iron Man. They know what they are doing, where they are hiding with the characters, stories, and films, and how to do right, and that's why their Universe is more successful. But, for DC the people/company behind it (Warner Bros.) are ruing this beautiful universe that's filled with great characters by bringing the wrong people to direct/write their movies which brings chaos to the films of the DCEU. Or they create issues with the right director like Zack Snyder (which we all saw how he was was building that big/creative universe in Zack Snyder's Justice League (2021) and where it was going). However, this time DC chose James Gunn to write & direct this film which if you're not familiar with, he directed Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 1 (2014) and Vol. 2 (2017). And this is the second proof (after Snyder's) that when having the right person/people behind a film, he/she will kill it. And THIS IS HOW "The SUICIDE SQUAD" STORY SHOULD LOOK LIKE. And that's all thanks to James Gunn.So happy that the film got an R rating because the suicide squad story should be like that. It should be full of blood, comedy, craziness, violence, disgusting action scenes, and curse words. Thank god they didn't care about the film being PG 13+ or whatever so more people could see it. And I feel like James Gunn was behind that part. It's not a suicide squad film if there were no sexual, bloody, violent, and disgusting content.The cinematography was beyond amazing and the film presented some new ideas. Like, in one scene (dw no spoilers) two characters were fighting and we were seeing it through the reflection of a helmet. Or in a specific fight scene, instead of "blood" coming out of the bodies, it was "flowers" which made the 3 or 5 min scene very colorful and fun to watch. The camera movements were also great and felt they sometimes were steady handheld which was so unique. Also loved how the film picks slow motion in certain times only to show the chaos that's happening around and they were very limited which is a good thing.For the third time, Margot Robbie proves that she is the best portrayal of Harley Quinn and I cannot imagine anyone other than her as Harley Quinn. She presents the beauty, craziness, and wildness of the character. Idris Alba really surprised me. His character was very well written and Idris played it so right. The real surprise was John Cena. Personally, I don't like Cena's acting. But, in this film his acting was alright and the thing that helped him is how hood his character (Peacemaker) is written. Especially that Peacemaker has a huge impact on the story of the film and the future of DCEU. Daniela Melchior gave the film such a warm/soft vibe and her acting was well done especially in the emotional scenes. The whole cast was just amazing and each actor/actress played their role perfectly.Really loved the music in the film. And if you have seen Guardians of the Galaxy (2014) you'd know that it has the same style/vibe. The costumes were brilliant and loved how James kept the original costume of each character from the comics which made the film/character even more special & real. Also, loved how the film jumps back in time suddenly to explain where a specific character is or how things ended up that way and there was something different about it which I can't tell what it is.My rating is 8/10
WATCHED: in an IMAX Theatre**Follow my instagram page @Serious. Cinema for more reviews & movie content**
2 Before you think "Yea. We know. It's stupid. That's the point" please keep in mind that there is stupid and there is STUPID. "Guardians of the Galaxy" is stupid but it's wonderful. This film is simply STUPID.
5 5/10 - I guess it was just me, but the biggest flaw at least in my opinion of 2016's Suicide Squad: the pacing, still plagued this new installment with Margot Robbie and Viola Davis' performances being the film's only saving grace.
8 The smartest move DC ever made was to quit concerning themselves with cinematic world building and focus on making (mostly) standalone films that were simply entertaining...and didn't require a master's degree in Snydernomics to appreciate.Their second smartest move was nabbing James Gunn for The Suicide Squad, and not just because the first film was terrible. Material like this needs Gunn's flair for irreverence, clever dialogue and, most importantly, instilling characters with engaging personalities. He may not have created Suicide Squad, but this adaptation has his stamp all over it.And for the first time since his directorial debut, Slither, Gunn is unbound by the restrictions of a PG-13 rating, something else the material really needed. Hence, the film is vivid, violent and vulgar, yet at the same time, seldom feels pandering or gratuitous. Punctuated by gobs of gags and hilarious dialogue, the movie earns its dismemberments and f-bombs along the way. In fact, the whole thing plays very much like Guardians of the Galaxy without a filter.And like Guardians, it's ultimately the characters that matter. Ironically, the one we're most familiar with - Harley Quinn (Margot Robbie) - is the least interesting, perhaps because she's already been established with two previous films and there isn't much more Gunn could do with her. But everyone else is wonderfully realized and played perfectly by the ensemble cast. As Bloodsport, the de-facto leader of this new team, Idris Elba strikes the right balance of stoicism and uncertainty, while John Cena (as Peacemaker) once-again demonstrates he's more adept at comedy than pure action. Polka-Dot Man (David Dastmaichian) and Ratcatcher 2 (Daniela Melchior) are also fun, each with amusing backstories. But King Shark steals every scene he's in, a perpetually hungry manfish who manages to be both monstrous and endearing (and a role Sylvester Stallone was born to play).With the exception of Task Force X director Amanda Waller (Viola Davis), the antagonists are perfunctory. Their plan, however, is gloriously insane; the dictator of Corto Maltese plans to wipe out America using a 30-year-old experiment gone wrong: Starro, a giant extraterrestrial starfish that spawns face-hugging offspring to re-animate & control the dead. This leads to a final act that's as hilarious as it is grotesque, aided by amusing visual effects.Unlike the first film - which was mostly just bells & whistles - The Suicide Squad is the complete package, delivering an abundance of action, humor, violence and well-realized characters. James Gunn's playful approach is just what was needed, making it the best - and maybe the smartest - DC film since Christopher Nolan hung up his spurs.
3 The Suicide Squad (2021) is a movie we saw last week in theatres. The storyline follows a "suicide mission" on an island that needs to be executed and those who would execute the mission faces impossible odds. They need to infiltrate a base and destroy it. The base houses aliens set on world domination and has thousands of troops protecting it. Based on the odds and those selected for the mission, what could go wrong? This movie is directed by James Gunn (Guardians of the Galaxy) and stars Margot Robbie (Wolf of Wall Street), Idris Elba (The Losers), Michael Rooker (Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer), John Cena (12 Rounds), Viola Davis (The Help) and Pete Davidson (The King of Staten Island). The storyline for this is very straightforward and the action scenes are appropriately over the top. The dialogue is funny and pretty clever and the film starts off very good. I really enjoyed the introduction of the characters as they are rolled out and the mission begins...and then the movie entirely falls apart. The focus on one character at a time as they executed their action scenes was terrible. It just become blatantly bad. I'm not sure if it was an artistic attempt or DC Universe sabotage by Gunn. The initial villain was very good and the movie should have probably stopped there; unfortunately, they decided one more super villain was needed, and it was an abomination. Overall there were aspects of this film that were entertaining and this film had some potential, but trying to be too stylish and creative sunk the ship of this having any hope of being good. The first one was much better than this. I would score this a 3/10.
1 And that's basically it. There is not a huge deal with this movie, because is an idiotic movie with nothing to offer other than laughs and gore. As a fan of the "Saw" saga, you aren't amusing me with fantasy violence where bodies explode and we rarely see any real suffering. It's graphic, but it's not really that violent (except for Harley for like... 10 seconds).Then the jokes. I didn't laugh once. There is nothing to do here. I'm guessing the actors just didn't land the jokes for my taste, because I laughed alot with Pratt and Bautista and Cooper in the Guardians movies.And then the "weirdness". I just didn't care for it. Enjoy it you all, I guess? I'm not sure the director admitting it's going to make a dumb movie saves it from having to actually deliver a coherent story, a well paced story (instead of wandering in an Island) and good characters and/or villains. This movie has none of that... because it doesn't want to (it's pretty obvious)... which is pretty insane. But who cares because... Stallone is a Shark?
1 Anything with the Suicide Squat is crap. This is a horrible idea filled with deus ex machina.
8 This movie is surprisingly fantastic. Much has been said about it so I want to just add my two cents about universe building in movies. From the very first scene, Suicide Squad made it clear what it was. You understand the world you are in and the rules in place, or lack there of. It then follows those defined rules throughout. Comic book movies can take many forms from gritty realism like Joker all the way to off the wall zany like we see here. As long as the movie follows it's own rules, viewers are willing to go wherever the director wants. What an absolute blast of a good time this one is.
3 I like James Gunn movies. But I think you really need to be a comic book fan to really appreciate this film. I watched it twice and I could not get into the ridiculous characters like King Shark, Rat Girl and Pok-A-Dot Man. The comedy wasn't there for me. Perhaps I am just too old for this film. But it seems to be doing well here on IMDb so I guess I am missing out on something.
9 A -BIG- Screen -Micro- Review. Viewed August 16, 2021.High Points : 1. "PEACEMAKER" : The cheeky & sneaky', yet unequivocally -{ Bold, "Fresh", & Delicious }- narrative swipe at the long, long, long standing -Imperialist- tendencies ; but -even- more significantly, "Hypocricies & Triple Standards" . . . Of -PAST- United States Governments. 2. Simply-put : basically -"Everything"- the { Stunningly } Talented Margot Robbie, ( 'Harley Quinn' ) does ; with an 'Extra-special' mention for her -protracted- "Escape From Coronel" fight scene. 3. Daniela Melchoir ( 'Ratcatcher-two' ) : This peculiarly endowed 'Anti-heroine' has a seiously -Bizarre- talent... but she, along with Idris Elba's 'Bloodsport', the just bespoke Margot's 'Harley' ( -and Others- ) ...end up bringing a whole lot of "Unexpected, & Genuine" -{ HEART }- to 'The Suicide Squad'.Mixed Feelings : As a 'doting' parent, I'm going to come clean and tell you that I had a definite problem with the fact that I really, really -{ DID }- enjoy this -Certifiably- { Decadent } "Bloodsoaked Goofy Adult Camp-Fest", and in no small measure either, at that. Sure it was 'dominated' mostly by -Cartoonish- violence meant only for 'Mature' viewers, { it has an MPAA certified rating of 'R' ; and it's homepage, ( right here ), denotes it's rating as '15' }. But -even- so ...the, um, how shall I say... 'Sheerly, Obscenely, Gratuitous' levels of gore in said film -Did- somewhat take me by surprise . . . Given as it comes directly from the Director "best-known" for his ( -relatively- ) "More kosher" -MCU- ( 'Marvel Cinematic Universe' ) movies.Summation : " A Conflicted, yet -Thoroughly- Entertained, 8.50 Marks Out Of 10 From Me " ; if only out of ABSOLUTE admiration for the Funny, & "Insanely-Creative"James Gunn. It bears iterating that I ( -Very Obviously- ) won't be letting my young adults anywhere 'Near' this super crazy, super fun, but also 'Super Kid-Unfriendly' Picture . . . HOWEVER . . . "the reviewer" in me has -Indeed- won over "the parent" in me, in this instance, all the same  .
9 I think people are biased cause it's a James Gunn so its supposed to be amazing as all his other films are. This didnt have the great story, I didnt feel the emotion. I liked the gore but if it was a pg 13 it would have been a 1. I give it a 3 for gore. The action was decent but I've seen much better. No character development at all and I usually dont want any but it was needed here. For over 2 hours I should have felt something and I didnt . I didnt connect with any characters , come on you think there was a star lord? A drax? Not any better than the 1st film I liked will smith and Margot in the 1st film better. Sorry you have this one wrong!!!v oh and the Terrible CGI monster looked he was from barney cartoon . Not good go back to marvel!!!!
4 So many characterisations coming and claiming as superheroes and we as an audience aren't sure whether to accept them as such. Some weirdest behavioural characteristic being is being called superheroes and they go on to save the world. I think it is this concept of saving the world that has gotten bored and maybe the superhero subjects are better off with just evil villains and not aliens probably.
5 Rebooting a franchise five years after its initial release is never a good sign. I had a very bad feeling about "The Suicide Squad" when I watched the trailer, later confirmed once I got out of the theatre.The plot is bland and the characters are unbalanced. Too much focus is given to Bloodsport, Harley Quinn and Ratcatcher 2. The rest of the squad has really marginal roles. When you have talents such as David Dastmalchian, and you give them such small screen time, it is a real waste. At least the first movie did not have this issue. John Cena is okay as Peacemaker, but he could do a better job. Rick Flag, in the previous chapter, was essential to keep the team together. Here his part is significantly reduced. Honestly, the movie would be the same even without him. I have appreciated King Shark, that gave a hint of goofy comedy, and managed to release a bit of tension. Overall a downgrade, on the characterization side. A real pity, with more effort they could have done something unique and remake this movie properly.There are some creative visual effects and the CGI is wonderful. There is a lot of gore, violence and blood. I am happy that DC is showing some explicit images. This is exactly what I expect from a Suicide Squad movie. I am tired of this censored joke that Marvel is building up. James Gunn nailed photography and cinematography. On the technical side I don't have any remarks, for sure it is way better than its predecessor.The fact that this is a popcorn movie, does not justify releasing a film that has a flat storyline, dumping completely any form of character or plot depth. I am not expecting a meaningful movie, but I wish to see more logic, not just a bunch of action scenes. Probably this is what most of the fans want to watch, but does not cut it for me. The flick wants to be comedic, and at the beginning there are some scenes that are genuinely funny, but most of the jokes later on are very forced and not funny at all. If you are a fan of the DC universe, give it a try. It is still an enjoyable and entertaining watch, especially if you are with friends. However, this could have been way much better.
6 This is certainly better than the first 2016 version of Suicide Squad, a movie I'd give -5 stars if I could. But while this was better than that, did that make this a good movie?I'm really not sure. I have no clue what to make of this movie. It was weird, it has scenes that were so strange and uncomfortable I didn't know what to do with myself. And I get that that's the point of the Suicide Squad. They're all a whacky, incompetent band of misfits. But I'm not sure that that translates well for me on screen. Even with James Gunn's excellent work and some solid performances by Margot, Idris, John, and Viola it still feels... Too kooky.It might be that it's just not for me. I'm not the audience it's meant to appeal to. Maybe no matter how much they ramp up the violence, the action, the swearing, or the special effects, SS will never be my cup of tea. But I will stand by that this blew the first one out of the water.
2 I expected this to be bad, but the final film exceeded my fears. James Gunn struck gold with the first Guardians of the Galaxy, and the attempt to repeat that formula is apparent here - only it's amped up to the nth degree. The plot, if one can call it that, is one long exercise in subverting expectations. But Gunn is no M. Night Shymalan and no Monty Python either. This is pure randomness and lack of structure masquerading as subversiveness and edginess. I found myself reminded of the old Ren & Stimpy cartoon show at times, the bad later seasons, not the good early ones. Trying so hard to be edgy that it just becomes cringe worthy.This film reeks of studio desperation. It's Homer's makeup shotgun from the Simpsons in movie form. A bizarre, unfocused and pitiful smear of concepts, moods and sounds.Speaking of sound, the use of music in this film is awful. Different genres of songs are used randomly like in a late 90s Tarantino rip off. Most of the pop songs don't even work with what's happening on screen. Harley's escape is such a case. Frequently the score is interrupted full stop by sound fx or jokes. Again another attempt at "subverting expectations" and a simple trick at that. People expect music to go on, so when it's suddenly interrupted, they feel surprised. It's a dumb man's clever movie.It's not entirely without merit. Some of the photography is nice. Some of the acting performances are good (Polka Dot man, Idris Elba, the Shark and Rat Girl stand out) and some are awful (the villains, the nerds in front of the computer screens who do nothing but comment on things). Some of the character interactions are funny. Most are not.The first 20 minutes are amusing. The movie grinds to a painful halt in the middle and never regains its momentum. It's one exceedingly long, constantly interrupted, unfocused stew. Worst of all is the blatant disrespect this film has for its audience.I compare Marvel movies to fast food. Simple, safe, unhealthy junk food for the brain with very few nutrients. This is worse. This is vomit cooked up with artificial flavoring and sold as haute cuisine to people without taste buds.Bad as the original Suicide Squad was, this made me nostalgic for it.
6 Next up for DC is another Suicide Squad film. While this is not really marketed as a sequel, it does essentially function as such as it relies on the first one to already have established the theory behind these expendable teams as well as how Amanda Waller, the chief good/bad guy, lords their freedom and their very lives over them. This outing returns four of the previous film's cast including Viola Davis as Waller, Jai Courtney as Captain Boomerang, Joel Kinnaman as Rick Flag and Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn. As if DC wasn't continually trying to be Marvel they actually reached out and nabbed one of the MCU's more famous directors; James Gunn who directed both 'Guardians of the Galaxy' movies. He was fired by Marvel due to some questionable tweets that surfaced but after the tumult died down was hired not only to do 'The Suicide Squad' but also rehired by Marvel and reattached to 'Guardians of the Galaxy vol. 3'. To separate this film from the previous one they strategically installed the word 'the' at the front so to recap the 2016 film is 'Suicide Squad' and this 2021 not sequel sequel is 'The Suicide Squad'. Nobody will get that confused. This is another of the Warner Bros. 2021 lineup of films that was released simultaneously in theaters and on HBOmax.'The Suicide Squad' takes on a much different vibe than the 2016 one although it is kind of hard to pinpoint. It is certainly less dark and ominous in tone. This takes a more outlandish, less serious approach installing James Gunn's propensity to utilize potty humor wherever he can. It is like the film realizes how ridiculous the premise is and leans into rather than taking itself too seriously. Waller is back at it with another crew of B list villainous antiheroes culled from Belle Reve prison. They are tasked, quite simply, with infiltrating a hostile base on foreign soil and destroying all evidence of a project called Starfish. It was nice to see that this film truly embraced the Suicide Squad moniker and pretty much decimated the team introduced in the first sequence right away. We pivot to another team that was also dispatched and this becomes the primary team we follow for the balance of the film, nominally led by Idris Elba's Bloodsport who is a thinly veiled replacement for Will Smith's Deadshot from the the last movie. Elba actually works better in this role as Smith is just not believable as a bad guy. The team realizes Flag and Quinn, from the previous team, are still alive and set to saving them one at a time. This supplies some fun, stylized, bloody action sequences. They find out Starfish is a literal Starfish; a giant alien mind control beastie ready to unleash havoc if released from its bonds. It was, of course, ultimately the Americans who brought the creature here trying to adapt it into a weapon of war and are now are just trying to cover it up. Peacemaker, played with extreme mean mugging, by extremely jacked John Cena ends up turning on the team in order to destroy the evidence when the team decides they are going to expose it. After he is exposed he kills Flag in about the only somewhat meaningful death in the movie, but Peacemaker is ultimately shot by Bloodsport. Then the team has knock down drag out with Starro the alien starfish narrowly managing to save the day, the world and all that.This certainly has James Gunn's signature style all over it from the way the characters walked through a scene to musical choices. Gunn was over the top here with his stylistic choices, but it could be argued that style works well for this specific movie and band of miscreants. It is very vivid with a vibrant color palette very in keeping with the style we have seen in the 'Guardians' movies. As far as characters most think of Harley as the marquee character being one of the few holdovers from the first 'Suicide Squad' as well as being featured in her own movie, but while she is prominently featured this film belongs more to some of the newcomers. Bloodsport was the clear alpha and leader of the team and he did well. I greatly enjoyed Daniela Melchior as Ratcatcher 2, David Dastmalchian as Polka-Dot Man, and even Sylvester Stallone voicing the CGI King Shark. His role was a bit jarring having watched King Shark on the Harley Quinn cartoon and there he is not the monosyllabic, Groot style entity that he is here. If you didn't know that though this would seem like a completely appropriate direction for the character. Also let us give a shout out to some great cameos as Taika Waititi shows up as Ratcatcher's father and Michael Rooker as Savant. Gunn is very loyal and loves giving his people, including his brother, work even if the roles are tiny. It is funny that those are two other MCU talents showing up in a DC project. I always love seeing Nathan Fillion show up even if he is almost unrecognizable and dies in the first minute. Funnily the worst character is the only character we know will continue on from this movie as John Cena's awful Peacemaker has an HBOmax spinoff series. I did not like this character or the portrayal by Cena, but perhaps that was intentional as not all these characters are designed to be loveable.Filling a team full of antiheroes and building a film around them is a tough line to walk. Most of antiheroes wind up just turning into hero heroes, as it is hard to write someone who is consistently bad yet has redeemable or inspiring characteristics. Most recently the best example is probably Loki from the MCU until his most recent show where he basically turned hero. Here we didn't delve any of these character's backstories, but some of them I have no idea why they were even in prison. Again this concept seems to flounder in theory to practice. These are supposed to be BAD guys thrown into a hole with the door locked and the key thrown away. Polka Dot seems weird and perhaps crazy but not bad. Ratcatcher 2 is downright benevolent. Bloodsport seems gruff, but not really bad. King Shark is childlike. Funnily the only one who really seemed bad was Peacemaker which as Flag exclaimed with his dying breath was such a joke as he was much more of a warmonger. I think they even realized that was not necessarily a good sell which was why we didn't get much preamble and instead it was more like look at this ragtag team. Let's watch them go on a mission and pay no attention to how they got here.This movie is a bit bizarre in my mind. While I was watching it I was thinking, I don't like this for this and that reason. Now as it has had a chance to marinate and I am going back and writing this review I find myself thinking of it a bit more fondly. I wouldn't say that my mind is completely flipped, but I can see how this is entertaining and enjoyable for people, but I still think it suffers from a lot. DC's decision to plow forward without an interconnected universe makes these movies more disposable. The over the top James Gunn style is a bit much, but what is really too much is his love of vulgar, potty humor which he adores, but will turn off many who don't have the mentality of an adolescent boy. Overall though this film has mellowed in my mind a bit, and I think it has its moments and some enjoyable characters and some genuinely funny moments so you can definitely sit down and have an enjoyable time watching this despite some flaws.Eric's Grade: C+
8 ...but this has all the imperfections and grit I want in an ADULT superhero movie. As odd as this seems, I saw "Invincible" animation series, and this reminded me of an IRL version of that.The comedy is actually funny and not cheesy or cringy, the superheroes outside of Cena don't all look roided to be powerful, and there's actually good acting.Marvel is for kids, DC is for adults-hate it but if you're honest you'd agree.
7 Before writing a review I always ask myself two questions. Was I entertained for the entire movie? Was it well made? I have to answer yes on those two questions for The Night House. The story is slow paced but it has a constant intriguing plot that keeps you wondering what is happening. It's not one of those movies you figure out everything from the beginning. There aren't really scary moments, not even jump scares but there's some good suspense and mystery. The acting wasn't bad at all so nothing bad to write about that either. In this genre The Night House is definitely worth a watch.
7 Well-made psychological horror flick with a great performance by Rebecca Hall. It can be considered a slow burn but I was fully invested and never bored. Very atmospheric. Lots of beautiful shots. Some effective scares. Great movie overall and I would definitely watch it again. (1 viewing, 2/7/2022)
8 THE NIGHT HOUSE (2021) *** Rebecca Hall, Sarah Goldberg, Vondie Curtis-Hall, Evan Jonigkeit, Stacy Martin. Compelling supernatural drama about a recently widowed woman (Hall in a remarkable performance) who begins to question her sanity when she begins to make discoveries of her late husband's past as well as their home which seems to house a sinister presence. Well directed by David Bruckner with just the amount of dread and genuine jolts thanks also to a shrewd screenplay by Ben Collins and Luke Piotrowsk. The pin-pricking score by Ben Lovett & handsomely shot cinematography by Elisha Christian makes all the difference in this modern day ghost story.
8 If you like supernatural / psychological thrillers with give it a try. Nice Elements of the movie:>Creepy, nice, dark atmosphere.>Solid performances.>Beautiful cinematography.>Camera optical illusions (set up carefully in order to define "nothing-ness").Spoilers follow! A complete explanation guide:Beth dies for 4 minutes when she was 17 and she sees nothing in the other side. That "nothing-ness" (that she experienced) was expecting to get her life.Think of that "nothing-ness" as the Spirit of Death (SoD from now on) or the Death or something similar (SoD: "I am what you felt when your heart stopped").But SoD was tricked by Beth since she managed to recover. Now, it wants to reclaim her life back and comes after her (SoD's Main Objective). But since Beth is NOT the believer-type, SoD cannot interact directly with her.Quite soon Beth marries Owen (Heather: "You were married young!") Owen is a believer-type, so SoD establishes a channel with Owen in order to get Beth's life.Owen starts to sleepwalk (Beth: "A year or two after building our house...") and having weird dreams in which SoD demands from him to end Beth's life.Owen tries through occult arts to protect Beth. Reading "Caerdroia" he discovers in chapter "Decoys and Deception" a way to trick SoD ("People have sought remedies to threats posed by evil...")Such trick can be done via "Voodoo dolls at gravesites near to those afflicted... activated by contact with the intended recipient... mazes and reversed spaces to confuse dark forces".So Owen starts his plan "... by distorting the identity (i.e. Other women looking like Beth) and location (i.e. Other house like Beth's house) of the subject, pursuing spirits could be tricked by false forms of sacrifice."His plan is to trick SoD by sacrificing a woman looking like Beth in a reversed place looking like his house, as he read in "Caerdroia".Owen builts secretly that house like the one he and Beth lives, but in a reversed architecture (blueprints are discovered by Beth).He makes the voodoo doll, puts the related spell and puts it in the secret house. Then he meets women looking like Beth and he brings them to the secret house. He makes them touch the voodoo doll (i.e. Activates the channel between SoD and the woman) and he chokes them as offering to SoD.SoD is tricked but when it finds out it did not get Beth's life, it presses again Owen. Owen meets another woman like Beth, and that loop goes on for 6 times (Beth: "... half a dozen"). Thus SoD is tricked for a while (Beth: "He tricked you!", SoD: "For a while... he thought he could protect you").At the end Owen having guilts does not kill Madelyne, the girl in the bookstore (Madelyne: "he was shaking and crying") who has been left with tender feelings and has not understood anything evil.Aware that SoD cannot hurt directly Beth, Owen kills himself and leaves behind the known note. "You are right. There is nothing. Nothing is after you. You are safe now."Note means: There is really that "nothing-ness" that you experienced when you died (i.e. The SoD) and it is after you. But now you are safe because I die, so there will be no channel existing between SoD and you (it's like saying "there is no way for you to be hurt onwards").But unfortunately that channel is established since Beth discovers and touches the voodoo doll, although she remains a non-believer-type (you can see that during the conversation she has with Madelyne in Beth's house).SoD now can interact with her physically (touch her) and has all the potential needed to make her kill herself.Beth tricks SoD once again in the boat and does not kill herself. But SoD is there and we know as the movie ends that SoD will do anything till it gets Beth's life._____
Hope that is clear for people who did not understand some points in the movie.
7 It has the trappings of genre films I like, and how it peels back layers of information is very compelling. That said, I found the ending anti-climactic, and I wanted it to leave me feeling more unnerved than it did.
8 Greetings from Lithuania."The Night House" (2020) was a very solid story solidly told. I liked the overall idea - it kinda reminded of some past movies (no spoilers), but it still was fresh and intriguing. Execution was also very solid - at running time 1 h 45 min this movie never dragged and i was caught in this mysterious spooky story from beginning till the very end. Also this just might be Rebecca Hall's one of the very best performances ever - she carries the whole story.Overall, "The Night House" isn't a horror fest, but it was spooky and overall mood was pretty haunting. When everything was revealed i did appreciate the story - it was intriguing, kinda fresh and very well told. Very solid movie.
8 Positives:
Of the different movie genres, comedy and horror are probably the ones that polarise opinion the most. One person's meat is another's fowl. But I have to say that this movie officially creeped me out. I was extremely tense for just about the whole 107 minute running time. Much of this is down to Rebecca Hall, who is just SUPERB in this. She brilliantly portrays a woman on the edge, her impassive character breaking every so often into an "everything's fine" sarcastic smile. I know that the Academy tend not to nominate actors for Oscars for 'frivolous' films, but this genuinely, to me, felt like an Oscar-nomination-worthy performance.I've talked before in my blog about the overuse of 'jump scares' in horror films and the law of diminishing returns. This film doles them out very sparingly indeed. There are two notable ones (one spoiled by the trailer!) but - man - the first of these had me levitating off the seat!The script is very vague indeed about where you end up in this movie. (I've tried to do a synopsis of what I *think* happened in a "Sp0iler section" in my blog). The script deliciously muddies the waters between dreams and reality; sanity and madness; sobriety and drunkenness; with the real-life Madelyn (Stacy Martin) bringing you up short at times with an "oh - so that bit must by reality then"!Negatives:
The ending. I'm not sure how I wanted it to end. But it felt wholly anti-climactic.Summary Thoughts on "The Night House": London-born Rebecca Hall seems to have a "leisurely" output as an actress, but she really deserves more prominence in the industry. (If you've not seen it yet, watch her outstanding performance in "Christine" as another proof point). Here she magnificently holds the movie together.Effective horror films for me are those on the tense psychological side rather than the mindless slasher variety. This point was well made by Tom Shone in his review in "The Sunday Times", describing it as a "middle-aged kind of horror movie!". "The Night House" delivered those mental chills for me in spades. There is actually very little gore in this one. But it certainly had me thinking about it when I woke up in the middle of the night last night. Was that a noise downstairs??If you like your scary films, then this one is highly recommended.(For my full graphical review, please check out onemannsmovies on the web, Facebook and Tiktok. Thanks).
7 First there is Hall who, until now, has been punching below her weight class and finally gets to show she can carry a film. A tight script, nicely directed. And some genuinely scary scenes.
8 Grief, or any other stages off mental imbalance , then take a big breath and consider if youre strong enough at all to devour the frights of loss that unfold in this psychologicalsy drama called the night house. Its a dark , sad and strong story about being victimized due to suicide.The acting done by rebecca hall is pretty significant, and reading through my register of actresses that ive n in my mind , i cant find anyone that can replace her on the deeds of acting the wway she does. Do also consider that ms hall aint one of my favs, and that should be an insignia of quality if you ask me...its a story about grief after a suicide of close realations, a husband, that had no signs whatsoever to do so., the plot shows us the estranged wife searching for clue and symptoms on why. Its told in a vast amount of flashbacks, and utterly vivid nightmares that becomes so realistic at moments, and so scary to encounter, that my life as a fly on the wall got the eyes wide shut, prefering to watcth the corner of the screen jusst to avoid the scary moments that are to unfold.The dream sequences and the knots and tackles to make the strings of thread into a solid rope of a story are just ammazing, the score helps a lot, and the play of light , shadow andd reflection is superb. Its like a near death experience in your dreams, and deep long wandering in paralell universes and shadowlands that may exciste or not. A parapsychologist couldve made a 6 hour documentary just analysing the para-lelles that occuurs in this thrillerdrama.Aamazing it is, and many thoughts struck my ever so cronical depressive state of mind whiile viewing like the subject of afterlife, ghosts, parallel universe and mirror worlds. Therefore i recommend this flick pointing back to the start of this review, it might be heavy for some. The grumpy old man though might take a float in the boat without any oars whatsoever.
5 Good pace, Brilliantly acted, and above all intense and genuinely creepy......But,And this is where it looses me...Being Vague isn't intelligent.So many films these days just skip over that little part where it all comes together. Where the plot thickens. They avoid massive plot holes And just look the other way.There are whole scenes in this movie that have absolutely nothing to do with anything, they are only there to be scary and mysterious, but don't further the plot or are even explained in anyway.It's A Mystery if the Writer clearly has no idea how to end it?Would "Seven" have been a better film if we never found out "Whats in The Box"?AnticlimacticLeaving the viewer to fill in the voids is lazy storytelling.Rant over.
9 I'm blown by this horror story, I regret reading anything bad because it's way wrong! Rebecca Hall's character deals with the aftermath of her husband's suicide and is haunted with mysteries throughout. David Bruckner directed a crafty well done version of what tremendous loss is like. I absolutely loved the presence of unknown entity whenever it happens especially the epilogue is so good! I don't mean to spoil anything but I chose yes just in case. It's a shame The Night House isn't making more money cause it definitely deserves it.
5 They took so long getting to the reveal that the ending feels completely rushed and does not provide crucial information that would have given more context to what was going on. (The "bathroom scene") did not play with the rest of the movie and was so outlandish that it completely pulled me out of the movie. She is being thrown against a wall with a mirror, so he must have some power, but still doesn't kill her, The same gun that was used by her husband and was returned (presumably loaded?) by the police?!! The audience leaves confused about what happened, why it happened, or even how it happened. "Nothing" suspended Beth in the position like the statue she found? But he couldn't kill her?? I couldn't understand why after she found the dead bodies she went back home and took a shower and still wanting to see her husband after she found out he murder a lot of women. This movie make no sense.
7 For the first hour of the movie I was very much intrigued by this slowly but effectively unfolding story, getting more and more bewildered, just like main character Beth, by the weird and scary goings-on. The photography is great, and beside a nice sinister atmosphere, there are multiple jump-scares to keep you on the edge of your chair. Rebecca Hall carries the whole movie admirably, she's totally convincing, first as the grieved and forlorn widow of a husband that out of the blue committed suicide, subsequently as the exasperated woman who thinks she's losing her mind. She's not trying to win our sympathy with her aggrieved and angry behavior and her heavy drinking, but you do team up with her when her world turns upside down on her.Unfortunately in the last half hour, when you expect that all loose ends finally will come together, the story went totally overboard, every other new thing that Beth finds out about her husband only made the narrative get more and more incomprehensible, and at last the weirdness and confusion escalated into a conclusion that was really too mind-boggling, at least for my simple brain.But maybe expecting some logic in a supernatural ghost story is a bit naive anyway.
3 U dont come to watch a horror or a thriller movie for the lead actor's performance.The movie basically starts off like What lies Beneath but with a lousy climax, it is also lifted from various other psychological movies where they take solid amount of time, show the lead actress at peril throughout while nothing happens to her and then they end with a so called happy ending.There is a scene where the lead actress discovers lots of dead bodies but rather than calling 911 or trying to flee, the lead actress calls her best friend n later head for the shower.
7 ... Frightening, Unnerving, Nightmares! The widow of a shock suicide is haunted by dreams and reality from the past, and the present. A towering performance by Rebecca Hall makes all the difference in a story that will leave you scratching your head and your chin but for all the right reasons.
8 After an extremely poorly timed lock-down in my country days before 'The Night House' - one of my most anticipated films of the year - was due to come out, I finally got the chance to see it yesterday. Getting overly excited for an upcoming film is rarely a good omen. I find that films like 'Midsommar', where the reality actually lives up to the hype, are rare. 'The Night House' was still an excellent film, but it wasn't quite the masterpiece I had been hoping for.Rebecca Hall is very good in this film. She has a very complex and demanding role and she nails almost every scene. She is basically asked to carry the entire film on her own too. None of the other roles are overly significant and are more just there to guide her journey along.There are some decent scares in this film including one that got my heart racing. The film isn't a conventional horror in any sense. It isn't looking to make you jump every chance it gets. But when it does have one of those scenes it does it very well.It plays into the story somewhat, but there are some misleading dream sequences that I thought were a little cheap and a film this classy didn't need them. It's a small bugbear though. I had a very good time with 'The Night House' and even if it wasn't quite as good as I'd hoped I'd still highly recommend it.
10 October 2021 With a dreadful, disquieting atmosphere pervading its frames and a dark, disturbing mystery simmering beneath the surface, The Night House makes for a gripping, haunting & gradually escalating psychological horror with a plot that only gets more uneasy & uncomfortable as it progresses, and is powerfully anchored by Rebecca Hall's emotionally engrossing showcase.Directed by David Bruckner (The Ritual), the story explores loss, grief, depression, loneliness, death & longing through vehicles of horror and is able to keep us invested in the proceedings throughout its runtime with surprising ease. Bruckner fills the space with an unnerving chill & sense of dread and unravels the mystery one step at a time but the ending isn't as satisfying as expected.The isolated setting, silent camerawork, steady pace & smart editing help ratchet the tension when required while the poignant score keeps reminding us of the crushing weight of the void that's opened up in our protagonist's life in the wake of her husband's demise. And rendering her loss & depression with unfailing precision is Rebecca Hall in what's undoubtedly amongst her career-best performances.Overall, The Night House is an intelligently crafted, skilfully told, effectively shot & brilliantly acted genre offering that quietly immerses the viewers into its unsettling premise and has a firm grip on our emotions before we even know it. Exhibiting first-rate work on all fronts and further bolstered by Hall's committed act, this atmospheric horror does falter in the last act but everything before it is intense & riveting. Don't miss it.
7 Said "CALL THE POLICE" about 15 times during this film.Finding the bodies of lord known how many people in the unfinished house Owen was secretly building (how did he get away with that?) was one major police moment. Frankly I kept waiting for her to report this but she never did! Protecting hubby or writer laziness?I dislike open endings. I think it is the epitome of sloth for the writer and or the director to leave the audience in a state of wtf. Considering so much of this film took place in a "dream state", a dose of clarity was required.
7 This movie got under my skin. I am sure that a lot of people who watch it will have some major issues with how some things are handled. I wasn't 100% happy with all the choices the filmmakers made. It feels like some of the reveals could have had more of an impact if they were handled differently. However, I felt that overall, it was very effective at building and maintaining suspense. It is rare to find a scary movie that actually makes you feel something, but this one kept me anxious much of the time. I liked the lead performance, also. Even though I thought the main character did some unlikeable things, I appreciated that she didn't react to everything with typical horror movie stupidity. So for me, this film stands out. I don't know that it is one I will enjoy watching back, but as a first viewing, I enjoyed the experience.
6 The Night House may not be perfect, but it takes some chances and has a nice puzzle at its heart that makes sense the further you go into the movie. It fits nearly into that sub-genre of a genre, the giallo where a woman is either gaslighting herself, being gaslit or going slowly insane (for more, see Footprints on the Moon, The Perfume of the Lady in Black, The Psychic and Lizard In a Woman's Skin).It also would work well within the seventies style of film - Let's Scare Jessica to Death is a high mark, but it shoots for it - where things happen slowly and then the end races you through the conclusion. Once the puzzle box is opened, things get wild in a hurry.I first took notice of Rebecca Hall in Christine, a movie I didn't like but loved her in it. She anchors this movie and makes it work, often through the sheer determination of her commitment to the activities around her. Sure, she's dealing with the suicide death of her husband, but she's also pushing against the ridiculousness of it all, such as students pushing for better grades and fellow teachers wanting to know details but too ashamed to ask. Some of it becomes humor to her. And yet, so much more of it is horror, as a mirror house seems to exist in the woods by her home.Her husband's phone keeps texting and calling her. Music randomly blares. Dreams are filled with his image and voice. And when she finds his phone, she finds pictures of women who are not her, but look exactly like she does.The sound design is incredible. The editing is perfect. The effects and the way they work hand-in-hand with the cinematography is what others films should aspire to. And the plotting and the maze it leads you down can be forgiven when it loses its way sometimes, because unlike the glut of Blumhouse dreck, this movie will not overly explain itself to you. And that ending, as the two houses come together and time gets played backward? Wow.The more I think about this movie, the more I like it. I'm used to being let down by endings and modern horror falling apart by the end. This one hits the landing and effortlessly brings in a very human story of grief without hammering home its point and remembering that at heart, this is a horror movie, and horror movies are supposed to scare us, not just preach at us.Director David Bruckner is going to be making the new Hellraiser and if this is any indication, that movie is going to be interesting.
3 OK, here's the voodoo: a 'loving' husband loves his wife so much that he ventures into voodoo mumble jumble, has sex with and murders lots of chicks to trick a demon who wants to kill his wife???WTF???3 stars for the movie production, zero star for the story.
5 Ended up being disappointed. It's a well made movie, and has a good pace, but not as scary as it was hyped to be. It would have been better without the horror elements and just stuck with mystery/drama. I was also confused as to whether or not it was psychological disguised as supernatural. Were the horror elements suppose to represent her trauma about finding out her husband was a cheater and then killed himself? Was he really a serial killer and his guilt is why he offed himself?
5 This review is for people who either have seen the movie or don't care to and want the gist.A formerly depressed protagonist has just lost her husband to suicide. She continues to live in their shared home and witnesses paranormal activity (or maybe it's just a dream, who knows). She has a very dreary view on life and death because she once clinically died for four minutes and felt "nothing" which depressed her terribly. She believes her depression made her husband depressed and caused his suicide. Later she determines he has lead a secret life sleeping with women who look like her, in a house he built to look like the reverse of their's. Weird. Then later still, she determines he has murdered those women. In a fit of despair she begs the ghost she believes to be her husband to come to her and comfort her in her time of need (one would imagine this is the last thing anyone would actually want... He was murdering women who looked like the protagonist after all... So yeah, that's different). The ghost actually turns out to be a demonic entity which was the "nothing" that the protagonist faced when she clinically died. It is massively butthurt that she survived, even though it's apparently been years or something since the accident. It decides to possess the protagonist's husband in a bid to get her killed so that the Nothing can reclaim her. The husband tricks the Nothing by killing women that look like his wife in the reverse house. Apparently the Nothing is stupid and couldn't tell the difference between houses or women, even after like twenty women are killed. Eventually the husband kills himself to protect his wife... But the Nothing gains control over her anyways and convinces her to almost kill herself.Think for a moment: The Nothing manages to possess her, beat her to an inch of her life and, not force her, but almost convince her to kill herself.So the Nothing literally didn't need the husband AT ALL.The actress was great and the suspense was good, until the story became terribly flawed and stupid. I would've preferred she discovered his double life was really weird and creepy and leave it at that. I honestly thought she was going to find the house with corpses and one victim left alive, and that the house would be booby trapped, or like some intricate maze, filled with puzzles, where she has to rescue the last victim. But no, we got this. As soon as ghosts entered the equation I knew it was downhill from therein. It only gets five stars for the actress and the funky "The Haunting" (1999) style distorting house effects, which is always fun to look at.
7 Well this certainly made me feel uneasy throughout. It was quite intelligently written and featured one of Rebecca Hall's best performances.It scared the hell out of me at times too. It felt refreshing among the genre. I kept trying to guess what would happen next, or solve the various riddles, which is testament to my level of engagement.The jump scares were effective. The entire way it was filmed just enhanced the overall feel of things. At its core, The Night House is a film about grief, in a way that slightly made me think back to The Babadook - though I would prefer this.In saying that, it got a little messed up towards the end and left my head somewhat rattled. Still a solid horror movie that has a lot happening.
9 I found out about this film through its movie poster mini-billboard that was on display in the movie house I frequent . I took a photo of it many months before the film was released . The aesthetics of the art work immediately drew me to anticipate this art-house horror. I was not disappointing !Rebecca Hall is tremendous in David Bruckner's tense, twisty cerebral , thought-provoking psychological horror thriller. In The Night House, her impassioned dedication to her craft is on full display. The script affords Rebecca a rich and resonant role, and Hall takes full advantage of this opportunity, delivering what very well may be one of the most memorable female performances in recent horror history. Yes she is that good. I will be seeking out every role she has done.The film follows Beth (Hall), a teacher who was recently widowed after her husband Owen (Evan Jonigkeit) died by suicide. Although sudden solitude can bring about nightmares and uneasiness in its own right, Beth, who suffered with her own crippling depression when her husband was still alive, is convinced that her terrifying dreams and the strange sounds that she hears during her waking hours are not simply due to imagination. As she sifts through her deceased loved one's possessions and discovers clues about his possible secret life, she realizes that there is something more than grief waiting for her in the optical illusions that lie around every corner of the home.The new horror movie The Night House is an unsettling blend of ghost story and psychological terror - the kind of film that leaves audiences wondering what the ending really means. While some jumps are featured here and there ,and are usually effective in their own right ; most of The Night House is designed to unsettle and disturb. The cinematography lends it self to the brooding and malevolent atmosphere splendidly .At the helm by future (Hellraiser) reboot director David Bruckner, is definitely much more in line with a horror movie taking a more cerebral approach, building its scares up slowly, and going for creeping out the viewer over startling them. I think Bruckner is a promising up and comer.The filmmaker puts a formidable visual game of mirrors into practice, which fits beautifully with the story's unsettling conclusion. Enhanced by Rebecca Hall's gripping central performance, The Night House offers atmospheric horror that engages intellectually as well as emotionally. First class horror cinema . 8.5 /10.
5 The French Dispatch is a French subsidiary of a Kansas newspaper. Every week it provides articles from renowned journalists. When the long-serving editor dies, as per his wishes The French Dispatch closes but not before a final edition. In it are four articles, details of which the film illustrates.I generally enjoy Wes Anderson's films and have seen all of them with Rushmore, The Fantastic Mr Fox and The Royal Tenenbaums being my favourites. They tend to be quirkily funny but can be difficult to get into. With his recent films Anderson has also amped up the special effects and cinematography, making the films visually more stylish and art-like.This is not a problem as long as the visual effects don't replace a good plot. With The French Dispatch, that's exactly where the problem lies.We have a central story - the final edition of a newspaper - plus four sub-stories (the four articles) none of which prove to be very engaging. Things just happen, sometimes in very haphazard, random ways with no attempt to draw in the audience. While quirky, none of the stories are funny enough to make the film a comedy and carry it that way.The cinematography and special effects are stunning but without a decent plot and level of engagement they're just nice-to-look-at images, bereft of meaning.Also can't fault the cast which is heavily star-laden: Benicio Del Toro, Bill Murray (as always, for a Wes Anderson film), Adrien Brody, Tilda Swinton, Frances McDormand, Lea Seydoux, Timothee Chalamet, Jeffrey Wright, Owen Wilson, Bob Balaban, Henry Winkler, Elisabeth Moss, Christoph Waltz, Alex Lawther, Liev Schreiber, Willem Dafoe, Edward Norton, Saoirse Ronan, Jason Schwartzman. Such is the saturation of stars that some only appear for 20 seconds or so!
6 Wes Anderson has made many films people have loved as well as many films people are baffled by and don't understand nor like. This isn't a complaint...it just IS what Anderson's films are like to the average viewer. However, some of his movies are clearly much more approachable than others. "The French Dispatch" is NOT one of the more approachable films...it clearly will appeal mostly to the hard-core Anderson freaks.The film is broken down in to several stories that are interconnected by the same narrator. The first, about an insane modern artists and the sycophants who love his art--despite his multiple beheadings...which have gotten him locked up in a psychiatric prison. I think this is a very funny and insightful look at pretentious art lovers. The other stories also involve pretentious people but to me seem to have little in the way of payoff. The young revolutionary bit is mildly amusing and pokes fun of the 1960s young peoples' revolution in Paris and the kidnapping bit really left me cold.The bottom line is that all the stories are surreal and just plain weird.... and I assume most people will like some and hate other portions of the film. So, I am not a fan of the story overall. But I was blown away by the cinematography, artisic sets and strange look of the film...this is probably THE reason to see the movie...not the plot itself. A great example is the scene showing the transition from a young demented artist to an older one...which was very clever. Overall, a film I didn't particularly like but I definitely respected.
8 Wes Anderson's latest movie, under thinly disguised names, supposes that Harold Ross, instead of going to Manhattan to found THE NEW YORKER, had moved to France. There, with the same writers and cartoonists, he turned out essentially the same magazine, but with, understandably, more of an emphasis on France than on Broadway. We are then graced with Bill Murray as the editor dealing with his writers, as Tilda Swinton narrates her tale of insane prisoner Benicio Del Toro inventing a new movement in art; Frances MacDormand covering a student uprising while bedding leader Timothe Chalamet, while editing and writing an appendix to his revolutionary manifesto; and Jeffrey Wright covering the novelties of "cuisine policier" with the commissioner, which turns into a hot pursuit as the commissioner's child is kidnapped, and his chef must take the lead in the recovery.I am a great fan of Anderson's cartoonish, highly detailed cinematic worlds, in no small part because he is constantly winking at the audience, letting them know they are in on the joke, as he manipulates aspect ratios, colors, timelines, and moves walls aside in plain sight, His actors seem to enjoy themselves. This is Bill Murray's ninth appearance in an Anderson movie, Owen Wilson's eighth. Other well-regarded performers include Lea Sedoux, Mathieu Amalric, Bob Balaban, Henry Winkler, Christopher Waltz, Willem Dafoe, and a dozen others. Nor do they come for the big parts; they seem to be happy to show up. When the show ended, two men in the audience began to discuss how the aspect ratios and moving walls had some significance to the underlying meaning. Perhaps I lack the depth to understand such things, but I think Anderson tells his little tales and wants us to have a good time. Does that make it great art? Perhaps not. Sometimes it's enough for us to smile.
5 In many ways The French Dispatch feels like the most Wes Andersony movie you could ask for but despite it possessing all the little quirks, stylings and scattered goodness's of the beloved indie director, Anderson's latest star studded affair doesn't come close to becoming a film worthy of standing alongside the likes of Rushmore, The Royal Tenenbaums or The Grand Budapest Hotel.His first "real life" film since 2014's Grand Budapest adventure, it at first appears as though we are in for another oddball delight as we are thrust into the world of Bill Murray's Arthur Howitzer, Jr.'s French Dispatch newspaper world filled with many of Anderson's greatest friends such as Adrien Brody, Owen Wilson and Jason Schwartzman and the initial voice over lead introduction to this eclectic universe of journalists, artists and deep thinkers seems to set things up for a colourful ride but this collation of stories loses steam quickly and becomes a film that is sure to divide the Anderson fan-base in unpredictable ways.As an artistic endeavour, Dispatch is as glorious as we've come to expect from Anderson with black and white segments, animated detours, moving sets and witty scripting all making themselves known but there's a heart and soul missing here that's found in the best of Anderson's works and despite the attempt by Anderson to string everything here together under the guise of newspaper sections, there's not a particularly strong common thread binding the narrative of Dispatch into one cohesive whole with only the first segment featuring a wild eyed Benicio Del Toro as troubled inmate/painter Moses Rosenthaler really standing out in the memory once the credits roll.While it might sound harsh and likely to not go down well with those Anderson fans that see the unique filmmaker as someone that can do no wrong, Dispatch's most glaring issue appears to be that Anderson has tried to out-Anderson himself and in doing so has turned his often winning formula into a washed down and bastardised caricature of itself, nothing really feels overly earned or earnest here and while Anderson may attempt to declare his film as a love letter to journalism and its many worthy figures, the film he has made never truly achieves its goal of honouring the art-form or its participants.Final Say -Always nice to look at and artistically as strong as you'd expect from a director with the track record of Anderson, The French Dispatch feels like one of his most forgettable films yet that fails to find its mojo around a collection of tales that never fly like the way you would've hoped they did.2 1/2 prison based exhibitions out of 5For more reviews check out my blog: Jordan and Eddie.
6 When one goes to a Wes Anderson film, we exactly know what to expect. In French Dispatch, Wes Anderson gives us everything we expect but he seems to have focused too much on aesthetics and less in the script. The film resembles like a spiritual sequel to Grand Budapest Hotel, but lacked it's strong characters and bullet speed screenplay.The French Dispatch is an anthology about 3 segments in a newspaper set in a French town. Each story is something Wes Anderson has never done in his previous films, he tries to convey a political satire which often falls flat. A big star cast wasn't necessary for this film but it had it anyway and many top actors have been grossly under utilized.The biggest plus of French Dispatch is that it has a spectacular production design, original score, cinematography and costumes. The aesthetics test has been passed in flying colours, probably the best we have seen in a Wes Anderson movie. On the first watch the movie rather feels like a letdown compared to his previous work but rewatches could boost it's legacy.
5 My Review- The French DispatchMy Rating 5/10For me some Wes Anderson movies are like going to a party not knowing anyone and having to really work hard to find it enjoyable or perhaps arriving in a foreign country where you don't speak the language.I really enjoyed the last Wes Anderson movie I saw which was The Grand Budapest Hotel but The French Despatch lost me about half way or more to the point bored me about half way.Of course I appreciate Wes Anderson's originality and his unique vision which give his films such a unique look in colour and style but to I can't pretend to be entertained if I'm just not interested or involved in the film I'm watching.Even when a film features an ensemble cast, like this one including many of my favourites like Benicio del Toro, Adrien Brody, Tilda Swinton, La Seydoux, Frances McDormand, Timothe Chalamet, Lyna Khoudri, Jeffrey Wright, Mathieu Amalric, Stephen Park, Bill Murray, and Owen Wilson if the script is just weird dare I say pretentious It's not entertaining for me.I'm sure all involved in The French Despatch had a wonderful time and enjoyed the experience but I just didn't get the joke .I enjoy irony and satirical comedy but Wes Anderson I feel at times is a poor substitute for Mel Brook's and his characters while exaggerated aren't always funny.I haven't talked about the plot concept the film is being promoted as an anthology comedy film written, directed, and produced by Wes Anderson from a story he conceived with Roman Coppola, Hugo Guinness, and Jason Schwartzman .One critic described the film as a "Loving ode to the spirit of journalism."The French Dispatch is in four disconnected Acts - each reflecting a supplement by a journalist to a famous American newspaper based in a fictional 20th Century French city.The Acts are. 1- The Cycling Reporter 2- The Concrete Masterpiece 3- Revisions to a Manifesto and 4- The Private Dining Room of the Police Commissioner .Some audiences obviously like this film but in my opinion it's trying to be far too clever for words and it's not a film I can recommend.
6 Incredible cast, and Wes Anderson's style is always visually appealing, but the short stories that make up The French Dispatch fell flat for me. The attention to detail and sly references were great as a concept, but seemed overdone, to the detriment of evenness (or comprehension) in the plot and characters that I cared about. It needed a better script, one that was pruned down and had more heart. It was fantastic seeing all of these actors, though most are underused to say the least. Loved Jeffrey Wright in this though.
3 I came to nearly hate this movie by the time it was over.I guess I've outgrown Wes Anderson. God knows he hasn't grown as a filmmaker. This is the same tired, overly formal, overly precious schtick he does in every single movie. I didn't make an emotional connection with anything happening, and it's made worse by the fact that this is an anthology film, so even if you manage to click with one storyline, it ends and Anderson moves on to something else. Great actors are completely wasted in miniscule roles -- people like Saoirse Ronan, Richard Jenkins, and Jason Schwartzman are there to almost literally fill a chair.It's weird, because if you isolate any one single moment from a Wes Anderson movie, I'll think it's beautifully composed or that a sight gag is pretty funny. But somehow a movie that's just a whole bunch of those moments strung together ends up being so much less than the sum of its parts. This is one of those movies where, by the time it's over, it just feels like random things are happening that bear no relation to anything else happening, and who cares how good it looks?Maybe my time of watching Wes Anderson movies is coming to and end.Grade: D.
7 Kansas Evening Sun is closing with the death of its editor. It has a foreign bureau in post-war Paris run by Arthur Howitzer Jr. (Bill Murray) who has cultivated a stable of eccentric writers. This follows three of the articles. This is a Wes Anderson film.This has the Wes Anderson cohorts with a few new members. The style is all him and I love it. I love Moses and Simone. I really like the first story. I wouldn't mind if that's the whole movie. The second story is interesting but Wes is essentially taking pot shots at young idealistic protesters. I kept thinking that some younger viewers are going yell out Boomer at the screen. It's trying to be humorous but it's missing that other point of view. The third story is the least interesting to me. I'm not sure if it's the structure or the actual story. I really lost interest by that point. I wish that this is a whole movie about Moses and his artistic adventures.
16 December 2021 I couldn't care. I just couldn't bring myself to care for anything that happens in this film or for any character who inhabits this story or for any actor who is a part of its ensemble or for any stylistic choices the director makes. A Wes Anderson film at first looked wonderfully quaint & quirky to me and I've given them the benefit of doubt over the years. But not anymore. This is it. His films are not for me.The French Dispatch is a Wes Anderson film through n through. And I don't mean it in a good way. Like most of his works that I've seen so far, the visual aesthetic is no doubt appealing to the eye, it is beautifully shot, comes decorated with exquisite set pieces, and is steered by an ensemble of Hollywood A-listers. And just like most of his films, it is emotionally disconnected, tediously paced, and devoid of any flavours.The story finds the American filmmaker in self-indulgent mode and he surely makes the most of it, thus resulting in a movie that's not only unbearable but also one that feels twice as long. Add to that, the oddball characters remain cold & distant, the nonsensical ramblings goes on forever yet never create any intrigue or interest, the laughs in store are few n far between and Alexandre Desplat's score only adds to the eccentricity.Overall, The French Dispatch is one of the blandest films I've sat through and is arguably the worst film of the year for me, and certainly the most disappointing. Fans of the filmmaker will have a better time with it than I did and may even find it delightful & amusing. But for me, this was an absolute chore from start to finish that also affirmed what I've known for a while now. Wes Anderson films are simply not to my taste and I'm perfectly okay with that.
8 I suppose the gamble of any film told in a series of vignettes is to capture the rapt attention of your audience in one segment only to lose it in the next (see: The Ballad of Buster Scruggs).None of the vignettes in The French Dispatch ever truly lost me, but one came close. And it's not to say that particular story was poorly written or directed or performed, it's simply that the one preceding it was so dazzling and fantastic I wasn't quite ready to move on from it.Moving on is a large part of this film as it never stops marching forward both literally and figuratively. It has (a) large story(ries) to get through and if you can't keep up...sorry. No crying.The French Dispatch is a film told in five parts. Three articles bookended by an introduction and an epilogue. These five pieces make up the final issue of the magazine titled (wait for it): The French Dispatch. We "read" the final issue by watching the articles unfold through Wes Anderson's beautiful, obsessive, whimsical lens.Visually this is an Anderson film cranked to 11. The photogenic establishing shots, contrasting symmetry, and pastel color scheme of his entire career drenches every shot of this film. The picture beautifully shifts from black and white to color, and always at the perfect moment. His creative and effective use of animation and miniature sets are mesmerizing.Basically if you don't like Anderson's style you're really, truly going to hate this movie, but your mind was probably already made up.Seeing this in a theater packed full of micro-beanie, gold wire framed glasses wearing hipsters reminded me of why I don't typically like seeing Anderson's films on opening weekends. There is exactly one reason to ever talk during a movie, and that's if there is a fire, after that there is not one good reason to ever speak in a theater, especially if you're talking directly to the screen which a handful of these people did.The French Dispatch is an excellent film and Anderson is an excellent filmmaker. I think his style and creativity are a much needed burst of originality on the canvas of filmmaking. It also just made me feel nice after watching The Last Duel, that movie stole a piece of my soul... I like unconventional filmmakers, I like divisive filmmakers, and even in his missteps, I'll continue to be excited by and support Wes Anderson.
3 Wes Anderson has made two of my favorite movies - grand budapest hotel and royal tennenbaums but this forgettable movie ranks near the bottom of his work.The art and style is all there - a lot of tributes to the old french and italian cinema greats, to the silent movies back to meiles but what is missing is a cohesive compelling story.There is irony because you get 3-4 stories depending on how u look at it but nothing at all memorable or believable for a second.The writing is on the wall literally from the first scene when we are asked to indulge a joke that liberty, kansas (population 100) had a newspaper at one time with an office in paris. That alone was not enough to sink this movie - not with this great case of top notch actors.What is redeeming here is a few standout performances. If you hadnt seen benicio del toro before this movie is worth something because he shows again why he won the academy award 20 years ago for traffic. His eyes and facial expressions have a hint of lon chaney.Adrien Brody hits the mark and does not disappoint- however the script undercuts him and does not do him justice.They had Jeffrey wright playing roebuck wright who seems to have been partially based on the writer richard wright and a little James Baldwin partial composite though his story does not really resemble either Richard wrights character or James Baldwin that well ( both were american ex pat writers living in france at timeframe of the film) and frankly was quite the waste of time for the character who has the most lines in the movie.I know wes anderson likes to have his trademarks with these stories about how they always become unglued but this movie really took things to an extreme - there was almost literally no point to this nonsense.Add in some animation which he used in his boring movie isle of dogs- another sleeper and he completely lost me.A nude portrait scene was an example of the director's focus on the art crowd which did nothing for me and was another sign early that this was going to be bad. The scene did not do much to move the rather boring story and looked like a misfire of trying to be edgy.Also the use of black and white was ok sometimes and made the color scenes more powerful when they came out of the black and white - there was too much shifting between black and white color and animation - he overdid it. I liked the black and white scenes where he paid homage to the classic films but much of the b&w scenes were tedious.A scene involving an electric chair had some interesting metaphorical and symbolic value though that may have been just for shock value or laughs not sure.Three good scenes in the whole movie - a flashback scene paying tribute to Beau Geste (a three-second montage part of a larger flashback in the way royal tenenbaums does its ramones flashback scenes) an art scene and a quick shootout scene.This movie needed more great scenes - second story should have been cut out entirely.I gave it three stars - one star for art decoration, one star for the actors involved, and another star for the effort to pay tribute to the classic cinema.I cant give it more than three stars because that would be bad advice if you value your time and money. This movie is only going to appeal to the most loyal Wes Anderson fans and those overindulging in artistic self indulgence.This film overdosed on self indulgence.
5 The bad:
Now the beautiful and typical Wes Anderson choreography has become a gimmick. Style over content. In Wes Anderson's former films, the story was leading. Now the gimmicks of choreography are leading. The story is completely disjointed and fragmented.More bad:
The problem with making 3 seperate stories in 1 movie is that I as a viewer cant get into the story emotionally. Or just by the time I have gotten to know and gotten to (dis)like the characters in the first story, then out of the blue another completely seperate story starts. Poof!Films do tend to last about 90 minutes for 1 story for a good reason. There is an arch needed to build up the characters and the story, there is an unwritten rule that it takes time to get to know the characters, it takes time to inject drama and it takes time to work towards a final. Wes Anderson threw all this overboard. Not nice.Not any good? The acting is superb and comical. The photography and choreagraphy are breathtakingly beautiful. The characters and the short stories (as long they do last) are really fascinating, up untill the second story though. I totally lost concentration and empathy and the will to even try to understand where the 2nd and 3rd story were going to. The 3rd story being an uttter mess of overkill of changing different sets with a voiceover which got on my nerves. This is the worst Wes Anderson movie I have seen, and I have seen all of his movies...WHY PUT 3 STORIES IN 1 MOVIE?WHY?
6 "The French Dispatch" is the newest film by writer and director Wes Anderson. He is in his early 50s now and is probably considered among the most overdue filmmakers in Hollywood to finally win an Oscar, especially in terms of writing. Unfortunately, this work here will not get him any closer because I believe it is inferior compared to most of the stuff he has done in the past and if it gets nominated, then for art direction or something. But first things first: This runs for briefly under 110 minutes and Anderson once again worked with Hugo Guinness, Roman Coppola and Jason Schwartzman and this quartet came up with the story. Basically, it is several stories in one film. We have the framework and three pretty much independent stories that are articles from the paper this is all about. The French Dispatch. The cast, as always with Wes Anderson, is packed with big names and he also has a tendency to cast people who he worked with in previous films. I will not give you all the names because you can check out the list yourself. Even some characters who had almost no screen time at all are played by very familiar faces (Henry Winkler for example, I recognized him immediately, but the name I just could not remember while watching). But some actors who get a lot of screen time are Oscar winners Benicio Del Toro and Frances McDormand. Also Timothe Chalamet is included a lot here. Jeffrey Wright gets a solid amount of minutes in the final chapter. I personally also found it nice to see Adrien Brody here as one of Anderson's regulars because I liked the actor (another Oscar winner) and I don't see him that often in other projects anymore nowadays. Tilda Swinton I must admit I did not even recognize. She is so much better usually than in this film, even if the material is to blame for the most part. Nothing to work with kinda. One of three females though exposing their breasts. Lyna Khoudri (another one) was easy on the eyes for sure. Willem Dafoe definitely did not have a lot of screen time and I would have liked him to be featured a lot more here. What can I say, I like the actor. A lot.One thing that came to my mind again is that Anderson likes to include young, here even very young, actors for his stories. Of course, not as heavily as in Moonrise Kingdom, but those scenes with Saoirse Ronan were all about the little boy that got abducted. Steve Carell is not in this film though even if I was almost certain he was when I watched it. Ah yes, but Christoph Waltz is in here. He did a lot (when sitting on the table) with the nothingness he was given really. Another performer/character that would have deserved a much bigger deal of screen time. It also came to my attention how this film featured a decent amount of Bond actors. I mean with Seydoux, Waltz and Wright, it was a big reunion of the most recent Bond, even if they all share absolutely no screen time here because they are in different chapters. Add to that Amalric and Del Toro who have also played antagonists in Bond films in the past. Maybe others I forgot. Or who will show up in the post-Craig era. Sorry, my 007 obsession is once again getting the better of me. Anyway, I thought that Seydoux here was part of the by far best segment, the one with Del Toro at the center of it all. She also added a lot to that. How she looked into the cell there when Del Toro's character was talking to Brody's was hilarious in a typical Wes Anderson way. We also see her naked from really close. I mean she has been naked in other films, most of all "Blue is the Warmest Colour" ("La vie d'Adle"), but still I was amazed how stunning and breathtaking she looked in this one here when she posed as a model for Del Toro's character's painting(s). Admittedly, this chapter still got a bit messy here and there, also in the end with the prison riot and an abrupt finish, but it was nonetheless the easily most enjoyable aspect to the entire film.Things do get worse immediately afterwards. Way worse. I like Frances McDormand otherwise, even if maybe not as much as five or ten years ago. Three Oscars seem a little much. This film here is not helping either as far as I am concerned. The layers they brought to her character felt unauthentic and for the sake of it. Like how she is troubled, struggling with solitude maybe, but enough of an important fugure to see Timothe Chalamet's character naked in that pseudo funny scene from the trailer. Or make a connection with the same young man when they lie in bed together. Just as friends of course. Or how they leave the apartment on one occasion. Or how we hear the voice in her head saying to herself that she should stay quiet, stay out of it, but she just can't and steps forward and makes a speech to the young woman. That almost felt like an Oscar moment. She must say something. It is inevitable and what we hear is oh so true and thoughtful. But it was not just her of course. It was the entire chapter. Especially with Chalamet. With him I am not getting the hype at all. This cleaner rebel take on James Dean with curly hair they have been giving us for a while now I am not buying at all. His acting seems nothing special to me and I have seen him in quite a few films. These moments when they try to turn him into some icon like also with this movie when he is on the scooter with Khoudri's character, his head in the wind, the cigarette in his mouth. Really all make-believe. So exaggerated, but the sad thing is that there the film really took itself seriously I think. It was not one of the many comedic moments. Still, I am happy Khoudri got to star in here with the attention the film got. The last segment then with Jeffrey Wright whose character's name was also Wright was a bit better again, but also nothing inspiring. Looking at how well Anderson did in the past with food- and kitchen-themed segments, it was a bit of a disappointment too. The opening shot with what people drink at the place mentioned in the title was pretty much better than the entire third segment. Even if it was this brief, but typical Wes Anderson there. Very easy to identify. Just like the scene in which we have Owen Wilson's character cycle through the streets and all that happens there. Also the animals included.Bill Murray I must mention too. He plays perhaps the most influential character of the entire film and like Wilson a regular with Wes Anderson too. However, he is just part of the framework, okay also talks to Wright for example, but he does not have as much screen time as you could have thought from the trailer. What else deserves to be mentioned here? Oh yes, there is a fairly long sequence of animation. No big surprise as Anderson has worked on animated movies as well in the past, but still felt a bit unusual to be included as a segment of a live action film. It was okay. Like the rest you could say, but did not stand out in terms of style either. Maybe it was funny how the really big and strong guy was up there holding on to the front shield of the car. I mean there are some fine moments that will make you smile and there is always creativity to Wes Anderson's films, but here I felt it was maybe a little less than you usually get with him. Perhaps it also had to do with the lack of color in this film from beginning to end. At times, it is even black-and-white, but it is never really a colorful film because it maybe would not have fit the subject too well. Beige is incredibly dominant here, especially with these scenes that take place at Bill Murray's character's office. Anderson also played a bit there with us. We think that Murray's character is already dead at the beginning, but then it is just all about the preparation of the actual death of Murray's character. We can be glad he is alive. Are we really? Do we care? In any case, in the end he is actually gone. We even see his corpse. But hey, no crying in his office. So yeah, I like some of Anderson's works a lot, but here I am almost tempted to give a negative recommendation. Only the strong first segment with Del Toro keeps me from doing so. I will still not judge you in a negative way if you turn off the film after said opening segment before the 45-minute mark and skip the rest of the movie. Admittedly, you would not be missing much, especially during that occasionally awful Chalamet segment, also with the character's death out of nowhere that turns him into an even bigger icon. Troubled genius, sigh. That's all and I hope with the next film(s), Wes Anderson will be back to his best again. I am optimistic he can be.
5 If you enjoy reading my Spoiler-Free thoughts, please follow my blog to read my full review :)"The French Dispatch possesses all of Wes Anderson's trademark quirks, but this time, even hardcore fans of his unique style will struggle to not feel overwhelmed.Every filmmaking department shines in such an impressive manner that one could call this movie a "technical masterpiece" packed with fantastic performances across the board. Unfortunately, the cliche criticism "style over substance" fits this picture too well.The infinite amount of Anderson-ish quirks transforms the already uninteresting narrative with emotionally hollow characters into an extremely challenging, hard-to-follow story.In four simple words: it's just too much..."Rating: C+
2 Series of short stories that felt disconnected, i.e. Like random short stories. Seemed as if the writers/directors were focused on how experimental they could be. I felt no connection or interest in the stories & their characters. I dozed off twice. Lots of screen time spent on cheap animation supposedly to help - nope.
10 *Watched at Cannes 2021*With each subsequent entry into his distinct filmography, Wes Anderson seems to make it a mission to make the most Wes Anderson film. The intricacies of 2001's "The Royal Tenenbaums" seemed quaint around the time "The Grand Budapest Hotel" was released in 2013. Even his side ventures into stop-motion animation contain a great distance in production quality between 2009's "Fantastic Mr. Fox" and 2018's "Isle of Dogs." With Anderson's tenth feature film, "The French Dispatch" towers over all of his previous works with its masterful production qualities and international ensemble cast.Set within 20th century France in the fictional city of Ennui-sur-Blas, "The French Dispatch" opens with the untimely news that the editor of the titular magazine, Arthur Howitzer Jr. (Bill Murray), son of the magazine's founder and holder of a supreme eye for talent, has died. As per his wishes, his life is to be tied directly to that of the magazine, meaning that the publication dies with him. His team of writers - an eccentric bunch of expatriates all recruited over the years by Howitzer in one way or another - are granted one final issue, which they decide will contain "an obituary, a brief travel guide, and three feature stories."The obituary is, of course, for Arthur, while the travel guide takes one through the historic village that has acted as the publication's home for nearly half a century. The three retrospective stories selected are considered to be the best in the publication's long history: an account by the paper's art critic (Tilda Swinton) of the deranged painter Moses Rosenthal (Benicio Del Toro) and a brash art dealer (Adrien Brody); an on-the-ground report by political correspondent Lucinda Krementz (Frances McDormand) of the student revolution led by the charismatic Zeffirelli (Timothee Chalamet); and a retelling by food critic Roebuck Wright (Jeffrey Wright) of how he got entangled in a kidnapping involving the son of the chief of police (Matthieu Almaric).While there is no central story to fully move the film from start to finish, the anthology-style structure still allows Anderson to explore several of the themes found within his previous works, such as human curiosity and the ironic relationship we share with the world and its other characters. The final story of the food critic ranks as the best in terms of what's on the page, giving Jeffrey Wright a wonderfully complex character who unintentionally learns several valuable lessons about his place in the world.Some will find that the anthology structure limits the emotional connection one can have to the characters, especially since Anderson has built his career on wonderfully layered characters such as Royal Tenenbaum and M. Gustave. On the contrary, while many of his characters tend to overstay their welcome in a 100-minute narrative, the anthologies force Anderson to be as efficient as possible with character development, creating several sequences of mise-en-scne where the direction tells just as much of the story as the script.After gradually becoming more confident as a director, Anderson has finally allowed himself to fully unleash his unique brand of filmmaking. Visually, this is one of the most accomplished works ever made as Anderson toys with aspect ratios (very similar to the strategy within "The Grand Budapest Hotel"), color and black & white cinematography, ingeniously hilarious freeze frames, and a period-accurate soundtrack that seems to always be perfectly queued. Ironically, the major complaint I have against the film is that there are dozens of expertly crafted shots that come and go in mere seconds even though they could be dissected for hours. Every frame truly is a painting as several hidden treasures can be found in every nook and cranny. This is a film that demands to be rewatched several times over to soak in every last detail.There are no weak links within the Robert Altman-sized cast, with players such as Adrien Brody (who seems to only deliver a good performance nowadays when directed by Anderson), Frances McDormand, and Jeffrey Wright. The phrase "there are no small parts, only small actors" doesn't apply here as people such as Christoph Waltz and Saoirse Ronan are reduced to minuscule cameos. Still, Henry Winkler and Willem Dafoe are able to do a lot with the little that they are given.A visual masterpiece bursting at the seams with talent both on and off the screen, "The French Dispatch" is a film by a director working at the absolute height of his powers. More importantly, the film gave me one of the most enjoyable theatrical experiences in a long time, with several rounds of applause from the Cannes crowd that seemed to be in love with the film as much as I was.I worry about how Anderson will be able to top this with his next film. But until then, I'll stay in the present and be thankful that something this magical is allowed to exist in a world that only seems to get bleaker.
7 A triumph of style and artistry, The French Despatch is also witty and clever, but it might leave you cold if you don't like the quirky, arty, and, frankly, sometimes quite pretentious and self-indulgent Wes Anderson approach. Like other films of his, it's marvellous to look at, there are some funny moments from the huge star studded cast, and despite the reservations mentioned, the French Despatch is classy.
8 Greetings again from the darkness. Few things in the cinematic world are more instantly recognizable than a Wes Anderson movie. In fact, historically speaking, perhaps only Jacques Tati comes as close to having a signature style easily spotted by viewers. This is Mr. Anderson's 10th feature film in 25 years, and I now rate 5 of these very highly, though all 10 have a certain appeal. This latest, co-written by Anderson with frequent collaborators Roman Coppola, Hugo Guinness, and Jason Schwartzman, could be considered his most ambitious to date ... and likely the most 'Wes Anderson' of all.Billed as a love letter to journalists, it becomes crystal clear, that by this, Anderson means the esteemed stable of writers from the early days of "The New Yorker". In fact, Anderson structures the film as if it were following the path of a magazine being published. We are informed upfront that this edition features "an obituary, a travel guide, and 3 feature articles". An episodic format is not unusual for films, yet Anderson never does anything by the book. Each piece takes place in its own time period, and there appears to be little connection or crossover among key characters. Still, somehow he makes this work by ensuring each piece stands on its own and is filled with unusual characters and those patented, fabulous Anderson visuals.The obituary is that of Arthur Howitzer Jr (a deadpan Bill Murray), the founder and publisher of "The French Dispatch" magazine, a spin-off from The Liberty Kansas Evening Sun ... a move from a small town in Midwestern United States to a charming small town in France (hilariously and fittingly) named Ennui-sur-Blas. Howitzer adores his writers, and the only guidance he offers them is, "Just try to make it sound like you wrote it that way on purpose". He also has a "No Crying" sign posted in his office, likely as much as a reminder to himself as a rule for the staff.Our travel guide section is fortunately quite brief since it involves Owen Wilson as a bicycle tour guide showing us around the town - the "Local Color"- of Ennui-sur-Blas. This takes us to the first feature story, and the best of the lot. Tilda Swinton excels (doesn't she always?) as a writer and art expert giving a colorful lecture entitled "The Concrete Masterpiece". She tells the story of Moses Rosenthaler (Benecio del Toro), a genius modern artist serving a life sentence for murder, and as she lectures, we see it play out. While incarcerated, Moses continues to work and his muse is a prison guard named Simone, played exceptionally well by Lea Seydoux. Her nude posing for him leads to his signature modern art piece, which attracts the attention of an ambitious art dealer played by Adrien Brody."Revisions to a Manifesto" is the next feature, and it involves a young activist named Zeffirelli (Timothee Chalamet). He's a chess expert, quite moody and has a questionable quest. He's being covered by writer Lucinda Krementz (Frances McDormand), who is unable to maintain objectivity, and inserts herself right into the story, amongst other things. The segment pays tribute to the activism of the 1960's and is filmed mostly in black and white.The third feature, "The Private Dining Room of the Police Commissioner" involves writer Roebuck Wright (Jeffrey Wright) telling his story while a guest on Liev Schreiber's Talk Show in the 1970's. Roebuck is obviously inspired by James Baldwin, and he famously recalls every line he's ever written. The story he recites involves a legendary chef played by Steve Park.Actors mentioned so far are just the headliners, and Anderson has packed the film with his usual troupe, as well as dozens of others - some you'll recognize, and some you won't. There are at least seven Oscar winners involved: Christoph Waltz, Fisher Stevens, and Angelica Huston (as narrator), in addition to the aforementioned Swinton, McDormand, del Toro, and Brody. Numerous Oscar nominations and awards are included in the group of other familiar faces like Willem Dafoe, Saoirse Ronan, Edward Norton, Lois Smith, Henry Winkler Bob Balaban, Elisabeth Moss, and Mathieu Amalric.Other frequent Anderson collaborators who deliver standout work include Production Designer Adam Stockhausen, Cinematographer Robert Yeoman, Editor Andrew Weisblum, and composer Alexandre Desplat. The film looks and sounds remarkable, and somehow it doesn't feel like it's moving fast - although we can barely keep pace. The film can be compared to ordering a flight at your local distillery. Each flavor is tasty, but they may not add up to a full drink.Wes Anderson has delivered another stylish, fun film to watch, and one that is endlessly entertaining. It may not have as many moments of laughter as some of his previous films, yet there are still plenty of sight gags, insider references, and light-heartedness bathed in nostalgia - even if it's not quite as whimsical. Shot in the French town of Angouleme, the visuals are as impressive as any you'll find, serving up a collage of time, caricatures, color, and topics.Opening nationwide in theaters on October 29, 2021.
8 'The French Dispatch' consists of three main stories, so it is probably inevitable that one of them is less successful than the others. It is nothing to do with the actors concerned - principally Tilda Swinton, Benicio Del Toro, Adrien Brody and La Seydoux - simply that the story of an imprisoned artist becoming The Next Big Thing drags a bit. The other main segments - Frances McDormand and Timothe (still not sure how to pronounce that) Chalamet in a tale of student unrest; and Jeffrey Wright, Mathieu Amalric and Liev Schreiber caught up in a police operation including a kidnapped child and fine dining - are rollicking good fun.The conceit of these tales is they are all articles in the final issue of the 'French Dispatch', a supplement to a Kansas newspaper that brings French culture to the American Midwest. As the journalists tell their stories, the audience sees artistic pretentions and student naivety knowingly skewered. The acting is universally good and it would be hard to single out one performance - although how the whippet-thin Chalamet twice managed to deliver the line "I'm embarrassed by my new muscles" with a straight face is beyond me.The film is a mixture of black-and-white, colour and - in an inspired choice for a chase sequence - animation. Even the opening- and closing credits are entertaining (indeed, if there were an Oscar for best opening credits 'The French Dispatch' would win hands down). I saw this at the 2021 London Film Festival and will definitely watch it again - although possibly I will put on the kettle during the jailbird artist sequence.
8 If you know the style of Wes Anderson, this will be more of that.A moving diorama of actors acting odd for the sake of oddness. This is actually four stories in one about American ex-pats who write for a French paper.Everything is stylized in this film and works effectively. Watching the Benicio Del Toro story unfold is the most fun. The rest seem to be muddled in more pretention.One gets the feeling Wes just sits around like an overgrown child and makes vroom vroom noises as he drags a toy car on the carpet. This is quitessential Wes.Very well crafted.
2 I've only ever walked out of 2 movies out of the thousands I've seen in theatres. The French Dispatch was the 2nd. Wes Anderson just isn't for me. I hope many of you feel different.
29 October 2021 I often do not agree with professional critics, but I have to concur with Vanity Fair, and NYTimes and others that this film Wes Anderson stumbles, and it is below average work compared to Anderson prior successes. And is it, as a number of reviewers here say, an "homage to journalists?" The journalists in this are actually portrayed as impressionist, seeing and transmitting not the real, but rather their own artificial views of 1960's France.Stylistically it certainly is apex-Anderson. And that is always enjoyable both in terms of admiring a craft well done and a reward for attentiveness to style. It does approach being finicky, almost cranky at times,. But not too far over the line.Unfortunately the film's core is a narrative jumble. Actually several narratives jumbled. I can only think this occurred in the editing room, perhaps with so much work there, that the director and editors start to forget that the audience is seeing the film for the first time and that the narratives on the first viewing has to make sense. Even breaking it into four vignettes makes it worse, not better. Look at the treatment of the James Baldwin character: Brilliant subject, brilliant actor, yet the character comes off as superficial.It is pretty clear Anderson loves The New Yorker of old, the Ross and Shawn eras before it dropped in quality in its evolution into a corporate controlled media in a conglomerate that includes Conde Nast. The real quality of the New Yorker is in its long form (for a magazine) fiction and non-fiction. In fact the modern New Yorker, with current editor Remnick using more reporters than noted writers, is part of the reason why its advertising has dropped, its audience aged, and its once famously unassailable fact checking now a caricature of former quality.But French Dispatch is *not* an homage to journalists, thank goodness. Anderson clearly mocks them as much as he lauds them. It is really an homage to France, specifically an American impression of France. (French critics have said Dispatch is patronizing, but we will leave that). It is the post-WWII France of the bicycle, baguette, Bardot and beret, albeit without nearly enough cigarettes. Not the 1930's era of Miller and Hemingway in Paris, unfortunately, as that would not have fit use of an American/The New Yorker point of view device. But the less interesting 1950's-60's period. Strangely enough with no detectable nod by Andersen to the most influential cultural export of the time -- French film.Overall Dispatch is a worthwhile viewing. Certainly for the technical adherence to Anderson's own single occupancy genre. The quirkiness has a bit of a forced element to it. But not artificial or crammed in, not overly so. The main problem is instead of turning pages, as one would do reading The New Yorker, there is more of a feeling of being in a labyrinth without Ariadne's thread, or a general disjointedness.7.5/10.
7 Whether you like it or not, there is establishment behind Wes Anderson and his style. Production designs, and soundtrack is always in its top and gets more and more artistic with each film yet, it is both positive and negative. For me, after Moonrise Kingdom (2012) (my personal favourite by him) & especially The Grand Budapest Hotel (2014), it is becoming harder to dive into the film or the characters. Don't get me wrong, it is visually stunning always and you could see the great choreography or design behind it but characters don't feel authentic like they used to.With the exception of "The Concrete Masterpiece". It was as engaging as it was beautiful. Benicio Del Toro & Lea Seydoux maintained to give something to hold on for audience (or at least me) even though it is hindered by the style.Also, I agree with Mr. Howitzer. The last discussion between Roebuck Wright and Nescaffier was indeed the best part literally.I am not in a level or a position to criticize or to give an advice but, I think it is best to returning back to the roots like The Royal Tenenbaums (2001), Rushmore (1998) or even Moonrise Kingdom (2012) cause it is getting harder to watch it as a movie.
1 I've tried watching Wes Anderson's films. I've sat through most of them. And I still dislike him. The problem with his 'style', is that it's all that there is. The stories are bland, the characters are lame. If you like watching a movie that screams hipster and 'ain't I'm clever', then this the movie for you. Wes' movies are good for screenshots as computer desktop wallpaper, but taken as a whole, they leave you feeling empty and wondering why you wasted so much time.
9 Golden Globe winner Leonardo DiCaprio stars in the title role of Jordan Belfort. Belfort works his way up the ladder making money in penny stocks, i.e. "selling garbage to garbage men." His scheme is to sell these garbage stocks to rich investors due to the high commissions. Along the way he does some illegal transactions as he runs his corporation like a frat party in "Animal House." Having not known money, he and his crew are ill equipped to handle it.I thought that Jonah Hill gave one of his best performances. The production is awfully long, not wanting to miss out on any details. The film goes into detail to explain to the audience things like IPO and the history and effects of quaaludes. If you note the ludes he took early in the film were crumbly. Those were non-prescription ludes made from a pill press in uncle Vinnie's garage and not too potent. Later they score some real ludes. Having taken the fake ones for so long, they didn't know how to handle them causing them to crash, like the money it was too much too fast.The main criticism of the film is that it featured over 500 F-bombs. It really didn't seem like that many due to the length of the production. Besides you get numb to it after the first few hundred or so.
10 This film is every definition of the word "impeccable." Scorcese's fantastic storytelling ability mixed with phenomenal acting from DiCaprio, Hill and the rest of the cast makes for an awesome combination. The film is never boring and gives you a glimpse into the life of a man who had everything in the world only to have it taken away.
10 This movie is absolutely amazing and it deserved way more Oscar wins. Leonardo DiCaprio is unbelievable and this movie is his best performance and he isn't the only one putting in an amazing performance, this film is littered with them, Jonah Hill is amazing, Margot Robbie is so good to say this was her first major role. I love the story that this movie is telling and the direction on how they tell it is amazing aswell. This is easily one of the best movies of all time and it will go down in history as one of Leo's best ever movies. I love it so much!
17 January 2014 This film arrived in the UK with awards and Oscar nominations all around it, adding an expectation which it really didn't need adding since even without any of that it is ultimately a Scorsese film with a big name cast. It also arrives with some other stuff because the film has been criticized for near glamorization of the excesses that Belfort was able to experience with his ill-gotten funds and, to be honest, it is an impression that isn't helped when you consider that this film was put forward to the Golden Globes in the Musical/Comedy section. Now I am sure that was a political move by the studio, but it does say something about the film because indeed for most of it we have stuff so unbelievable and so excessive that it is hard not to laugh at it. It is hard not to enjoy it.And this is a problem, because the first 2 hours and a bit of this film is really engaging and enchanting in how much of a rush it gives you, how enticing it is and just how much vibrant energy it all has. The viewer is swept along and I guess to a point this is the film doing its job well because not only are we being told a story but we are first hand seeing how easy it is to get caught up in the grab for success, for money, for status. In this regard the film works really well because throughout the film I really was glad to be part of it and wanted it for myself; I don't think the film goes out of its way to glamorize this excess and this life, but for sure it doesn't do much to balance it  and this really is my problem with the film.The structure, subjects and delivery of this film is so inherently similar to Goodfellas that it is hard not to mention it. If you remember the opening of Goodfellas you'll remember that it opens with a memorably violent scene where an near-dead man in the back of a car is stabbed by Hill and his colleagues in a scene that is oppressive and violent but yet ends with the narration telling us "as far back as I can remember I wanted to be a gangster" and snaps to credits under a big track from Tony Bennett. This scene is important because it works as a microcosm of the whole film  the appeal but also the cost, all in one place. Wolf of Wall Street never has any of that and it hurts it. I suspect the message of the film is that our financial systems are screwed and that ultimately the rich will never be in the same world as the average person, because this is what I took from the rather sobering final scenes. However if this is the point it is trying to make then it really hurts itself with the rest of the film seeming to say "so why not get on board". I know this is not the case but the lack of a "point" or an agenda it the film means that it naturally fills it with its own, which is a weird feeling.But then again  I guess it is a comedy. So the infamous Quaalude scene is not horrific but rather hilarious, the scenes of excess and of criminality are not equally appealing and repulsive  they are almost totally appealing, we hardly get the other side or get to see a victim here, and a few seconds on the subway with the FBI agent really does nothing but yet again make the suggestion that "it's all broken so why not at least get rich yourself". Getting away from this, it is a well made film. Scorsese makes this award season's second film to owe a massive debt to Goodfellas (American Hustle being the other) and he directs the film with energy; music is used well as one would expect and the editing makes the film pop. DiCaprio is great in the lead  OK he doesn't find the heart of the character, but the film doesn't ask him to. Instead he is charismatic and energetic, drawing the viewer in and giving the film its energy. The supporting cast is deep with names and familiar faces and it is a statement about how well the film holds the viewer, because it isn't distracting no matter how many famous faces or supporting character from TV appear (although I did notice that this and American Hustle had lots of faces from HBO's Boardwalk Empire). Jonah Hill is over the top in a way that works, although I am surprised to see him getting an Oscar nomination for it in such a crowded year.Wolf of Wall Street has had a lot of praise and this will continue as the Oscars approach and are awarded. Personally I enjoyed the film as a funny true story delivered with energy and excess but in many ways it is not Goodfellas and the most important of these is that the film lacks a moral core to itself, to its characters and to its message. I don't mind the "it's all screwed so who cares" message that it ultimately seems to give, but I didn't feel comfortable with how wide a smile it had on its face while it was delivering it.
10 The movie Leonardo DiCaprio should have gotten an Oscar for. His portrayal of the character is perfect. The movie is well-written, leaving no details out of the original story. Martin Scorsese never fails to impress. One of the only example where the movie is better than the book. The movie never gets boring, I could watch this anytime.
10 The movie is just the best, the acting is great and even I say that it was Oscar-worthy and the plot is simply one of the best ones; the message that it brings to you that money brings power and it is not always for the best because in this movie we see the downfall of a man that will learn that actually in life the money can be a drug and will simply make you cause damage to yourself.
9 It's no surprise that Scorsese is associated with the gangster genre with films such as The Departed, Goodfellas and Casino, of which the last two are possibly the best pure examples of the genre. In Goodfellas the gangsters are dangerous but they operate on a more underground level, in Casino they practically run a major city and can do whatever they like. The gangsters were and will always be a part in America's system. Now, the gangsters are not just accepted by the system, but are considered to be an integral part of it. In the first two films, the gangster is threatening and dangerous, but avoidable. In The Wolf of Wall Street, he's calling to hustle you at home and you don't even know it. Some people view The Wolf of Wall Street as a glorification of Jordan Belfort's lifestyle and want to be like him, as Scorsese portrays this life by its nature, enticing. That's the way it works, and it's impossible to portray it accurately without showing how a charismatic man like Belfort can suck an unsuspecting person into a world of money and fame. The film though, shows us just how empty and destructive that life can be.There is an undeniable similarity between the instantaneous joy, energy and euphoria that we have while watching The Wolf of Wall Street and how Jordan Belfort lives his life, this is a movie where the director skillfully mixes form and content to create an experience which is as hyper and as instantly ecstatic as the life of its flashy and opportunistic characters.The direction by Martin Scorsese which still has infectious energy and power is impeccable, there is no other director who has mastered pacing like he has. This is a three-hour movie that moves lightning fast and always manages to keep the audience invested in the story throughout the whole duration. Each scene is packed with so much visual information, and it is fast paced and quickly edited, which complements the general tone of the film. The cinematography by Rodrigo Prieto is gorgeous as well and displays an optimal color palette throughout the whole film. Each shot also looks precise, even during some of the more chaotic scenes.The script is fantastic, filled with many great and memorable lines of dialogue. Every character has a well-defined arc and motives, and the story is given proper breathing room to blossom. The performances are also exquisite, especially Leonardo DiCaprio who gives one of the best performances of his career and portrays the opportunistic nature of Jordan Belfort's character with great commitment as you can see a lustful, hedonistic and impulsive sex & drug-addict man who only wants to have more fun. Supporting him with equal passion is Jonah Hill as Donnie Azoff, Belfort's sidekick, and even he manages to make a mark of his own. Margot Robbie plays Naomi, Belfort's second wife and she does an alluring job in her given role. Matthew McConaughey is in for a very short duration as Mark Hanna, Belfort's mentor, but even in that little time, he is the show-stealer and he dominates the screen unlike anyone else.Martin Scorsese and Terence Winter set out to create a film about the Wall Street excess, and by definition, it contains an excessive amount of everything, such as cursing, sex, nudity, drugs, alcohol and partying. But the film is not really about those things. The story of The Wolf of Wall Street boils down to money, that "most-addictive drug" Belfort speaks of, and not just what it can buy, but what it can do to people. Not just how it changes one's lifestyle but the effects it has on one's morals, beliefs, and values, and how it can effectively change not just how a person thinks and feels but how they operate at their core.With a collection of truly incredible films, The Wolf of Wall Street stands out as one of Scorsese's best films, my personal favorite and by far his most humorous film to date. He truly went all out and it paid off in a hilarious satire on the reverence of money, drugs, women, and the admiration of a criminal money-maker. The Wolf of Wall Street is maddening cinema that's already high on coke but still continues to snort more white powder every 5 minutes for 3 hours. This is a fascinating vignette of excess, greed, abuse and decay and it's one of the best movies of the decade and surely one of the most entertaining movies ever made.
10 This is a movie that you can watch over and over very rich in details never gets old, cast was awesome and of course. Martin Scorsese delivers again awesome director, there is no bad guys just a lot of dysfunctional characters is like high school for adults.Funny intriguing, sexy and best of all based on a real life event makes it even better and of course as a man I love the naked women but that is not why I gave it a 10 it was well written and executed.This movie is like the boiler room/wall street films on steroids, makes those other films look like kitty movies.It is impossible but I wish they make a sequel or a tv show about it.
7 If this movie wasn't so outrageous mess up funny. It would be so unlikable to watch. In my opinion, should had been call, 'The Wolves of Wall Street'. Nobody has any morals balls in this movie as every character in this film is pretty greedy liars. They all felt like one-dimensional greed caricatures than human beings. Most of the character really need more well-rounded depth to them. Based on 2007's memoirs, true story of Jordan Belfort. The movie focus on Jordan (Leonardo DiCaprio) rise to a wealthy stockbroker through the use of corruption scams; while under the watchful eyes of the federal government in the 1990s. The black comedy directed by Martin Scorsese, is pretty well-made. Still, it really felt too much of a glamorization of the lifestyle, than a moral tale, in my opinion. It felt like lets show as much f*ck up things as we can for 2 hours, and then in the last few minutes, show the negative results of what happen. It was bit one-sided argument. It made the film seem a bit unrealistic, with how many crude things, these people could get away with. This movie will likely inspiring others to do the same mistakes, rather than teach them, not to do what Belfort did. After all, the real Belfort got paid for this movie, a million dollar and a cameo. Since 2013, the opening of this movie, Belfort hasn't pay enough money back to the victims of his crimes. The U.S. government is not holding Belfort in default of his payments, but it is unclear when the full amount of the mandated restitution will ever be paid by him. He's pretty much, got Scot free in his case, and that really sucks to hear, if he stole money from you. The acting is really alright. Leonardo DiCaprio can really put out the charm. He can also do the yelling, that he been known for. He wasn't afraid of going over the top with this. Still, this role wasn't anything new for him. After all, he played similar characters in both 2013's Great Gatsby and 2002's Catch Me if you can. Instead of playing it straight, he just went 100% crazy with this role with all the sex scenes and drug use. Honestly, with all the drug use, Jordan portray in the film doing, how is this guy even alive? The one person that deeply surprise me was Jonah Hill as his partner in crime, Donny Azoff. You really didn't see this type of acting coming from him. The supporting cast was pretty good for the most part. I have to say, while his premise on film is short, Matthew McConaughey as Mark Hanna, Jordan's mentor, was pretty memorable. The women characters were pretty typecast as trophy wives, money hungry girlfriends, or eye candy hookers, who mostly go around, full frontal nudity, or having sex. If they're not, doing that, they portray as bitchy gold-diggers with no sense of morals. Margot Robbie is a pretty face, but gees, she couldn't act. At the beginning of her presence, she had an Australian accent that made more sense since her aunt is British. Then,out of the blue, you hear this awful screeching New Yorker/New Jersey Guido accent that sounds like something out of Jersey Shore. She couldn't show depth in her character, if Martin Scorsese wanted to. It's really uncomfortable and offended how women were portray in the film. The only female character was somebody to root for, was Aunt Emma (Joanna Lumley), but she ain't no angel. I have to say, for men, at less, we got a counter-protagonist fighting against the antagonist Jordan in Agent Patrick Denham (Kyle Chandler) who did wonderful in his role. He wasn't one-dimensional pencil pusher, Boy Scout. He was willing to go one on one with Jordan. The movie even have a somewhat moral character in Jordan's father, Max (Rob Reiner) who tries hard to get Jordan to live life, the right way, but always his son to make the mistakes, needed to grow. I love the idea, how Martin Scorsese film it, with the use of wide ends, slow motion and others to show the effects of the drugs or heavy party scenes. The movie really felt like it could had work in a 3D settling. I love how he aged the film for the infomercial sequence to make it look like something that came out in the 1990s. I love all the commercials footage used from Benihana to Steve Madden. The CGI in the film is a bit choppy. You can see, how bad, it was in the storm scenes, but there is rare mistakes made this film. Great use of establish music to set the mood of the film. The humor is a hit or miss. Some of them were really just crude like the homophobic, sexism and racism comments. While, others were pretty clever and funny. I love all the fourth wall jokes with Jordan gives lengthy explanations of Stockbroker terminology; only to drop it midway through. I love pop culture references like Moby Dick, Gordon Gekko, Freaks, James Bond, Willy Wonka and others. The movie had a cluster F-Bomb with 544 uses of the word. Some of them seem natural; while other seem oddly place. This film has the record for the most uses of the word in a fiction film. The movie is 3 hours long with its pacing. You can't really tell, with the pacing, due to not a lot of slow scenes. Still, there were few gags did go on way too much. You can cut the movie to 1hr and 30 minutes, and get the same results. I was deeply surprised, that this movie wasn't NC-17 with its strong sexual content, graphic nudity, drug use and language throughout, and for some violence. It's one of the movies that should be. Overall: Well-made movie that was kinda offended, but still watchable.
9 What can I say. This is such a great movie. I remember seeing this for the first time, not really knowing what it was about. Straight from the first scene, it immediately put a smile on my face, which lasted about for the rest of the entire movie. Great entertainment, I love over the top movies like this. I haven't seen something this good since Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. I have seen it about 4 times again since it came out and I just keep loving it. The only downside was maybe the scene with the ludes and the Lamborghini. Even though it was great, maybe it was a bit too much over the top :)
9 In the mid-1990s, Jordan Belfort (Leonardo DiCaprio) and the rest of his associates from brokerage firm Stratton Oakmont became the very definition of excess and debauchery, their offices a boiler room fueled by cocaine and greed. High pressure sales tactic and less-than-legal behind-the-scenes manipulation bred plenty of twenty-something millionaires, and Belfort built himself an empire at the top of the heap. His rise and fall is chronicled in The Wolf of Wall Street, based on the memoir of the same name.Under most circumstances, the actions of Belfort and his cronies (including Jonah Hill in a howlingly funny turn as Belfort's business partner) would be viewed as disgustingly abhorrent, but Martin Scorsese frames this tale of greed with a comedic lens that allows us to laugh at things we probably shouldn't find humorous. Whether it's a clumsy attempt at fisticuffs between two characters overdosing on Quaaludes, or the categorization of prostitutes using stock market terminology ("blue chip" hookers make you wear a condom and typically accept credit cards), the film is outrageous from start to finish, and rarely falters in its quest to entertain the audience for three hours.Belfort manages to delude himself and his pals into thinking they can live like this forever, but the audience knows better, and Belfort's eventual comeuppance is hardly surprising. But the path is paved with hilarity, especially in a scene aboard the mogul's luxury yacht, where he surreptitiously offers a pair of FBI agents everything from booze to girls to cold hard cash in exchange for their silence. And let's not forget his punishment for drunkenly piloting a helicopter into the backyard of his estate at 3am, raising the ire of his trophy wife (Margot Robbie).Scorsese has always managed to elicit astounding performances from his actors, and his fifth collaboration with Leonardo DiCaprio results in one of the most charismatic, despicable, offensive and captivating characters to ever appear on screen. As financial bad boy Belfort, DiCaprio swaggers from scene to scene ingesting eye-popping amounts of narcotics, groping and fondling nearly every female within reach, and spouting more profanity in three hours than an entire season of The Sopranos. Belfort is the kind of person that any sane person would detest in real life, but thanks to Scorses and DiCaprio, we can't take our eyes off him.-- Brent Hankins, www.nerdrep.com
10 Di caprio was robbed in the oscars whether you like it or not, the only reason why people give this movie a low rating is because of the over nudity, and it's the same reason why leo didn't get the oscar in my opinion, which is what I don't understand!!!, it's an r rated movie, so obviously there will be nudity, it's not a kid's movie!!!! , it's easily leo's best performance and scorcese's second best movie after goodfellas.
9 There is a reason this is called Wolf of Wall Street and not Lion of Wall Street. This is not supposed to be a story about some good guy or misunderstood guy doing things that are a little off. And therefor it was important to make this a comedy. When I watched it, I didn't think it would qualify as comedy. Thought of it more of a drama with some comedic moments thrown in.The way it starts should indicate if this is something you want to watch. Never forget, as someone else also stated, this is supposed to be entertainment and does not take itself seriously. If you are not on that level with the movie, you will call it names. And that is OK, because obviously the movie is out there and it will not be everyones taste. That's why you have to decide early on, if you actually want to watch it or not.If you don't feel like it, don't watch it. Save yourself some time and watch something else that interests you instead. If it hits a nerve with you though, you will revel in it. Especially in the performance Leonardo Di Caprio is giving. There is a scene involving him driving "carefully", that has to be seen to be believed ...
8 The Wolf Of Wall Street details the rise and fall in real life of one Jordan Belfort who for a while was living high and wide off of other people's money. It was good while it lasted until some relentless FBI agents took him down partly because of his own hubris.Leonardo DiCaprio as he did with such other real life figures like Howard Hughes and J. Edgar Hoover, each of who lived large in his own way with power, DiCaprio lives large with money. At first it's the realization of the American dream, DiCaprio the middle class kid wants to go on Wall Street. He goes, but then is one of thousands cast adrift by the stock market crash of the late Reagan years. DiCaprio is not about to give up his dream.He organizes his own brokerage house, similar to what is seen in the more modestly financed film The Boiler Room. But DiCaprio takes it far from a penny stock outfit. With a collection of his own ill assorted bunch of friends chief among them is Jonah Hill, these guys and I do mean it is reserved for the male of the species DiCaprio makes obscene amounts of money and spends it obscenely. That is sure to attract all kinds of law enforcement attention.I have seen very few films that have depicted the alpha male world so well. Women just do not compete in DiCaprio's world. All they serve as are sex objects. Women work on Wall Street in the more traditional brokerage houses, but not with him where being one of the boys is the first requirement. The world consists of 50% orgies and 50% piling up paper profits and later on hiding them from authorities. True of DiCaprio and true to a lesser extent of all his associates.Martin Scorsese directed this film and handled the film like he did one of his gangster epics like Goodfellas. The narration of the film is by DiCaprio and it takes you from his rise to where law enforcement has him between a rock and a hard place. Like Ray Liotta in Goodfellas a combination of drugs and hubris makes him think he's invulnerable. But in Goodfellas would not have had a scene where the wise guys just out and out dared to challenge the FBI as DiCaprio does with agent Kyle Chandler. It so reminded me of that famous incident from 1984 where presidential candidate Gary Hart dares reporters to follow him around to catch him doing anything outside his marriage. And of course they did.Five Oscar nominations went to The Wolf Of Wall Street, nominations for Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay and nominations for DiCaprio and Jonah Hill as Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor. Hill was something of a revelation. The kind of nondescript character that you wouldn't look at twice, Hill gets taken to a world that he could only imagine in dreams wet or dry by DiCaprio. In his own Hill is almost as fascinating a story as DiCaprio.The guy who beat Leo out for Best Actor has a brief but telling role as a mentor of sorts. Matthew McConaughey plays a stockbroker who takes him under his wing and they have a great scene at a club where he's getting his first three martini lunch. McConaughey only forgets to teach DiCaprio one thing, discretion.I can understand why women would truly hate this film as they are nothing more than pawns in a male power game, but The Wolf Of Wall Street gives us a fascinating look at a man who tried to play with the big boys of the Stock Exchange and for a while, did.
9 Martin Scorsese has done it again. His newest and most refreshing effort he's contributed to the world of cinema in years, The Wolf of Wall Street is a roaring thrill ride that is both absolutely hilarious and meticulously constructed. It also presents Academy Award nominee Leonardo DiCaprio in possibly his finest acting performance of his career. At one-minute shy of three hours, I was both engaged and hypnotized nearly the entire duration. A comedic epic that studies the behavior and cultures of a time in America, feels like the uncovering of a time capsule that was buried and dug up to give insight into our current financial crisis. Much more than just laughs, it turns on the dramatic elements early enough in the film to warrant considerable reactions about the choices of our key characters. Expertly paced with intelligent moral questions presented, The Wolf of Wall Street is one of the best films of the year.Telling the story of Jordan Belfort, a young Wall Street broker that gets involved in drugs, money, and even more drugs during the 80's and 90's. In his tenure trading (and stealing), Jordan marries, divorces, does drugs, marries again, does even more drugs, makes solid friendships, and believe it or not, does a lot more drugs. Watching the destruction of Jordan acted as a documentarian's insight that felt like I was watching "Intervention" without the family that cares. The Wolf of Wall Street is a black comedy, giving hints of drama. Natural comparisons will fly to Oliver Stone's Wall Street which is accurate but you can see subtle hints of films like Trading Places, Glengarry Glen Ross, and even American Psycho. That's a testament to Scorsese's outstanding direction and Terence Winter's masterful screenplay. Scorsese keeps Wolf life-size, sprinkled with characters that are both geniuses and morons, but functioning morons. They're like the frat pack group that sat in a corner on my college campus, being loud and obnoxious, and made terrible life choices that they still aren't aware of until this day. Scorsese puts together an all-star cast to inhabit these beings that includes DiCaprio, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie, Matthew McConaughey, Jon Bernathal, and Kyle Chandler. All of which seem to be having the time of their lives.A lot of the credit of the film's overall success has to be awarded to Leonardo DiCaprio. I've never seen him truly "go for it" in a way that he exhibits as Jordan Belfort. In his breaking of the fourth wall, to his long but completely engaging monologues about life, money, and greed, it's the most assured and compelling work by the actor to date. When DiCaprio unleashed his talents in the mid-90's in What's Eating Gilbert Grape? and later stole the hearts of tween girls everywhere in Titanic, who knew this is the role he'd been gearing up to play. This is the role of his career and something that the Academy Awards should look to for his long overdue recognition. It's a charming and adventurous turn that presents a conundrum to the audience as we find ourselves both enamored and loathing the pure essence of Jordan. A sequence of DiCaprio crawling on the floor will probably be the scene of the year. This is DiCaprio's crowning achievement.As the magnetic and cheesy-minded right-hand man, Jonah Hill's performance as Donnie Azoff is another great turn for the 30-year-old actor. He's allowed to explore some of his comedic ticks and beats that he may not have ever had the opportunity to explore in films like Superbad or 21 Jump Street. In Wolf, he relies on his own instincts, and his chemistry with DiCaprio, which has helped him before for his Oscar-nominated work in Moneyball opposite Brad Pitt. Matthew McConaughey, is one scene shy of winning the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor. While his work in Dallas Buyers Club will bring him the acclaim and recognition that he deserves, The Wolf of Wall Street is a prime example of what he should be doing when he's not working or seeking out the strong, independent features that are geared for awards recognition. Stealing every frame and focus from DiCaprio in his ten minute screen time, McConaughey utilizes all his charm and spunk as Mark Hanna, the mentor to young Jordan as he started out.Like any great Scorsese film, the women are in full-force and given the opportunity to shine like the others. Cristin Millotti, a toned down and tragic version of Marisa Tomei in My Cousin Vinny, is sensational in her brief appearances on screen. Beautiful and sympathetic, she offers much needed serious and dramatic elements to Jordan's outrageous antics. In the end, a star is born in the gorgeous and vivacious Margot Robbie as Naomi Lapaglia, Jordan's second wife. Whoever was going to be cast as Naomi, had to be an actress of considerable talent and had the ability to really be the sexy kitten but still warrant an emotional reaction from the audience when called upon. Margot Robbie was the perfect choice and she'll need to owe Scorsese royalties for years to come with the roles she'll be offered following this. Robbie is pure magic and is everything she's required to be. She's the more elusive, compelling, and more thought out version of Scarlett Johansson's character in Don Jon.I loved every second of The Wolf of Wall Street. Terence Winter's script is a natural and well-oiled machine that produces the words of a demigod. You couldn't make these things up. Thelma Schoonmaker is the utmost professional and continues to shine film after film. You won't find another dedicated and glossed editing work this year. The other supporting actors do sensational work especially Kyle Chandler, who has a very well-constructed exchange on a boat with DiCaprio, has us asking more and more, why is this guy not helming his own films on a consistent basis yet?
9 One of my favourite films of all time. An extravaganza of black comedy, debauchery, and crime, this retelling of Jordan Belfort's criminal activities is nothing short of a masterpiece.Cast members all perform exceptional, the direction is great & the film takes you on a journey that leaves you realising just how far Belfort has gone.I love that it's all drinking & drugs, expensive parties, & more money than sense until things get nasty at home & you see the bad side to this lifestyle. All in all, a solid film that is one of DiCaprio's best.
8 Jordan Belfort(DiCaprio, playing a charismatic jerk. Really glad he and Martin found each other, they bring out the best in each other) is a stockbroker, with incredibly low morals, even by those standards. He finds ways to trick people into buying what he's selling, and quickly starts to make obscene amounts of money. How long can he possibly keep that going?If Scorsese has directed a bad film, then I don't know of it. Then again, I have heard that the Irishman feels like it takes as many years to watch as they deaged the leads by. While this one does substitute violence for debauchery, it does play a lot like one of his gangster biographies. If it ain't broke, don't fix it. No reason for him to stay away from his old bag of tricks. There's a lot of narration, since there are simply too many details to "show, don't tell" everything. Most of it voice-over, some of it breaking the fourth wall and talking directly to the camera - occasionally it will be very Deadpool, even though this beat that movie to theatres by three years. We get quirky types of people(Margot Robbie was an excellent find, and it's really no wonder that she's been in as hot a name in Hollywood as she has been since this, despite some of them not being all that well received). Depicting very carefully approached lawbreaking, where we can understand how, and why, it works.I've heard some criticise these movies, saying that they romanticise these obviously unethical behaviours. Pointing out that a lot of attention to detail is put into showing the positive experiences they have specifically because of the awful things they do. My argument against that has always been that that's only the first chunk of these pictures. They are also very careful to show the eventual downfall. Unless you walk out early, clearly the message of these is that, though you might get away with it early on, in the long term it will destroy you and the people around you. In this flick especially, the way things gradually fall apart is a sight to behold. It's like a Rube Goldberg machine. Or that amazing dominoes bit from V for Vendetta. It's hard for me to overstate just how well constructed, and how fun to watch, it is. One sequence, dealing with a car, several phones, and some unforeseen consequences, made me laugh harder than I have at comedies for several years.This features a lot of nudity, sexuality, drug use and strong language, as well as some violence. I recommend this to anyone that the excellent trailer appeals to. 8/10.
14 January 2014 The Wolf of Wall Street (2013)**** (out of 4) Two word review: A Masterpice.Martin Scorsese's latest film is yet another brilliant one with Leonard DiCaprio turning in the greatest performance of his career as stockbroker Jordan Belfort who takes some rather bland people and turn them into one of the biggest scams that the FBI ever saw. THE WOLF OF WALL STREET is going to make many people unhappy and there are many more who are probably going to be offended by it but the perfection that is Scorsese was right when he decided to turn this into a comedy instead of a drama. Yeah, it's GOODFELLAS on speed and ramped up sex but it's just so brilliantly and wickedly funny that you can't help but laugh at all the craziness going on. Yes, there are some moral police out there who are going to object to a movie being made about a man who ripped off poor people but I'm sorry, I like the fact that this film doesn't really care about those people and instead just gives us an in-your-face look at these wild people, their wild drugs and their wild sex lives. This film is certainly over-the-top in regards to the excess but so were the characters so I thought they just went hand and hand with each other. Scorsese was the perfect person for this project because of his ramped up speed but here is goes all out and really delivers an incredibly wicked little ride that will have you smiling and laughing at some very questionable things.I've been a fan of DiCaprio long before he became famous and this here is without question the greatest performance he's given so far. I was curious to see how he would do playing someone crazy and wild like this but he does so perfectly and I'd say it was a flawless performance. No matter what was going on in this crazy life you believe that you're watching a real character and as his character says throughout the film, sell him something. Well, DiCaprio sells this performance and role like no one else could. The supporting players are just as wonderful with Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie, Rob Reiner, Jon Favreau, Matthew McConaughey and Jean Dujardin all delivering terrific performances. The cinematography, the music selections and everything else are just flawless here. THE WOLF OF WALL STREET could have been a complete disaster in so many ways but the strong screenplay and Scorsese's wicked direction makes it an incredibly entertaining film that works so well. It's hard to fully put into words what Scorsese and DiCaprio have pulled off but it's certainly one of the best and most memorable comedies in ages.
9 If you've seen The Goodfellas or Casino, then you'll know the story of The Wolf of Wall Street. This is another tale of a criminal whose ambitions sweep him away into a debauched world of dirty money, out-of-control substance abuse, endless lies, a troubled family life, and a downward spiral of corruption that inevitably leads to his own undoing. Only thing is, this is less about the gangsters and mafia, and more about white-collar crime. The guys wear suits, work in proper offices, and everything they do is just business; funnily enough, this whole movie still plays out like a kind of gangster film.Based on the memoirs of Jordan Belfort - the real-life stock broker who made millions by selling shoddy stocks to average joes - the film showcases one seriously messed-up slimeball of a man. If his scheme sounds familiar, it's because it's been the inspiration behind the 2000 film Boiler Room, and this film covers much of the same concepts, albeit with better structure. The film maintains a close and intimate focus on the man as he rises to power, suckers thousands into his schemes, and then lives a life of extreme excess. And it is extreme: the whole film becomes laden with drugs, sex, superficial luxuries, material things, and characters who want nothing more than to take and consume everything. The sheer corruption becomes palpable on-screen, and I couldn't help but to shake my head at numerous scenes when I saw just how far these wolfish characters have gone in their unrestrained partying and debauchery. I have no clue as to how closely this film adapts the real-life events, but at times it's almost hard to believe that things could have gone this far. And yet, the excesses serve to underscore key themes and criticisms on the American dream; the pursuit of money and success, through any means, remains the main drive of the characters and the movie, and it leads to a fairly hard-hitting downfall.This film features good-looking photography and editing. Acting is great: Leonardo DiCaprio is practically perfect as the titular character, and the rest of the cast pulls their weight really well (including Jonah Hill, who seems to fit into his character's archetype very comfortably). Writing is really sharp and good; the film is full of great lines and great speeches. There are some great-looking sets, props, and costumes on display in this film. Music has a varied mix of songs, and they're all used really well for their intended effect.The Wolf of Wall Street is every bit as good as Martin Scorsese's previous work with The Goodfellas and Casino. All these films work with similar plots and themes, but TWOWS is like a gangster film masked by the thin veil of upper-class corporate swindling. It is a film that candidly shows the crimes and excesses in full, before proving that, even for the super-rich, crime still doesn't pay.Recommended! 4.5/5 (Entertainment: Good | Story: Very Good | Film: Perfect)
9 I loved The Wolf of Wall Street! The truth is that I had a good time almost 3 hours long, with a very dynamic and entertaining pace that helps a lot so that the film does not feel heavy. The performances are excellent but the one I want to highlight is the great Leonardo DiCaprio, GOD! What a great actor. How well written the character is and the great charisma of the actor makes Jordan Belford, a pretty nice guy despite some things he does during the film. The truth is that I had a lot of fun and what better than with a very good movie!
10 This movie is incredible because it is based on a true story. Whether or not the actions of Jordan Belfort were ethically correct should not detract from the veracity by which he lived his life. All the people who are damning Jordan's actions wouldn't have the balls to live a fraction of the life he lived. This movie is a story of the true American dream which is one without bounds.
9 An old adage goes that if on a certain day, everyone in the world received a million dollars, by the end of the day, ten percent of the people would have all the money."The Wolf of Wall Street" pretty much shows how that could happen.Based on Jordan Belfort's book, this is a very entertaining movie - although probably not for those who lost their money. The film follows Belfort (Leonardo DiCaprio) from newbie stockbroker to head of Stratton Oakmont, the largest 'Over The Counter' stockbroking firm in the US.Along the way he has two marriages, acquires luxury homes and automobiles, a sea going yacht with a helicopter, a taste for wild office sex parties, which would put a Roman orgy to shame, and a huge drug habit. But even after the FBI steps in and everything unravels, the guy still can't help making money.The movie is loud, lewd and often hilarious; it doesn't have a boring minute.Matthew McConaughey gives a brief but telling performance as Mark Hanna who initiates Belfort into the darker side of Wall Street. He also introduces the tribal chest-thumping chant that becomes a motif throughout the film.Aussie Margot Robbie is hard to take your eyes off as Belfort's second wife, Naomi. She was also an amusing guest on talk shows when the movie was released where she told how she pulled off the Brooklyn accent, and kept the news about her nude scenes from her family for as long as possible.But this is Leonardo's movie. Although in his portrayal of Belfort, where there appears to be almost no moral or ethical boundaries, he keeps our sympathy because he can actually laugh at himself; it's a high energy performance, but with a light touch.In a way, the performance has echoes of the one he gave for Spielberg in "Catch Me If You Can". Despite the fact that both Jordan Belfort and Frank Abagnale Jr. break the law, their sheer audacity dazzles us. Also, both Spielberg and Scorsese have great comedic timing; they know how to deliver a punch line. If you were looking for a reason why this film works better than Scorsese's "The Aviator", which also starred Leonardo, it could simply be the latter film's lack of humour - Hughes was eccentric but he wasn't funny.Enjoyable as "The Wolf of Wall Street" is, at the end you can't help wondering if even half of it is true, how it is that with people like Belfort and his friends helping themselves to such over-sized slices of the pie, that the world's economy hasn't descended to the level it did in 1929. In a way, it's actually a very scary movie.
10 I saw nearly all of the top ranking movies on IMDB and I love a lot of them, but this one is my favorite. Although this is a drama and not a comedy this is the funniest movie that I have ever seen. The lines and how they are beeing portrayed just makes you smile for the whole movie. The acting and the wiriting are brilliant and although it is pretty long the pacing is never too fast or slow. Even after watching it five times it still just gets better every single time.By the way Leo was great but Jonah Hill gets underappreciated.
10 DiCaprio was great and all the others were great too
7 Leonardo DiCaprio, Jonah Hill and Margot Robbie star in Martin Scorsese's 2013 crime drama based on a true story. DiCaprio (Titanic) plays Jordan Belfort, a stockbroker who forms a fraudulent firm and becomes a millionaire which raises suspicion with the FBI. Jordan also becomes addicted to sex, drugs & alcohol. Hill (21 Jump Street) plays Donnie Azoff, Jordan's pal & Vice President and the lovely, Robbie (Suicide Squad) plays Jordan's wife, Naomi. Kyle Chandler, Rob Reiner, Jon Bernthal, Jon Favreau & Matthew McConaughey also appear. This is a good flick, DiCaprio is great as usual and he & Robbie also were in "Once Upon A Time in Hollywood" together. Scorsese and DiCaprio work well together so if you're a fan of either, check this out with some caution.
3 I didn't know much about the movie, only that it had been nominated for best picture. It had many problems.First, I hate movies that focus too much on exposition rather than just allowing important and/or background information to be organically placed throughout the movie. It literally started like an opening speech telling us what we needed to know.Second, the time period is so off. Serena and Venus were born in 80/81 respectfully so their age (14/15) in the early movie would be 94/95, but the movie looks and feels like it's a late 70s early 80s time-period by the cars, the 70s music, clothing, the glass coke bottles, look of the film etc NOT a 90s movie. This is just a poor set design. This is just a major blunder. It's like 15 plus years off.Third, Will Smith played his part like an SNL or in Living Color caricature. It happens when young people play old people. They overdo it, the same way when women or men overdo it when they play the opposite sex. So it ended up being a bad impression, rather than an actor living the part.Also, he looked like he was 66 years old in the movie and homeless. Just a poor choice of wardrobe and makeup.Everything just felt phony. Too hammy and theatrical. A forced "feel-good" movie, but movies shouldn't be forced.Last, this type of story has been done a million times. The underdog that keeps getting rejected until they triumph and prove the world wrong. They didn't bring anything new and fresh to it, so the structure I have seen a million times so it becomes predictable.I just think it was the wrong angle they took for the story. The local gangsters, the nosy neighbor, the Rodney King incident, etc didn't add anything to the story since they never tied any of them in. In other words, they didn't add enough conflict or drama to matter.I think they played it too straightforward, almost like a TV movie. However, the girls were good and there were some enjoyable moments at times, I just think it was a missed opportunity to dig a bit deeper.Because of the foregoing, I never got into it the way I should. Felt too formulated and safe.
5 Sure its a well made movie, but I have my issues with the direction. Mainly that it just feels void of character. It felt more like a sitcom, with a very streamlined narrative. Its very clear what emotion you need to feel at what point. The music is very blunt, and there is very little room for interpertation.Thats my main problem with these very american movies. Its a constant barrage of 'now feel sad' , 'now feel happy' ect.But apart from that, sure its not a bad movie. And I do have to give credit to its pacing. With a 2,5 hour runtime, the movie didn't feel like it was draggin its feet.So all in all, competant movie, but awfull directing.5/10: hmm.
2 97+% of young athletes who focus on a sport dream for the future end up poorer in two respects. First, there's little life value in all that time spent on playing ball vs studying when the game ends after high school or maybe first year or so in college. Even college is a waterslide of just a few fluff courses helped w/very friendly ghost writing tutors (I know, as a graduate assistant, I oversaw that process.). Second, is the loss of exposure to a wealth of worldly experience that an educational focus would have brought.Which brings us to the sisters. Even at that time I was concerned by the character building effect of a controlling parent, i.e. Removing from public education, on the sisters. The error, the falsity, is that we impose the monetary success of the few % on the 97+% multitude with lost opportunities.
6 The Merriam-Webster dictionary definition of hagiography is "biography of saints or venerated persons." And haven't director Reinaldo Green and star Will Smith done that here with their portrait of Richard Williams, father of the Williams sisters, two of the most famous players in the history of women's tennis? Well maybe not completely but the glass here is certainly a lot more half full than half empty.In some respects, Zach Baylin's screenplay does a decent enough job pointing out a number of Richard Williams' admirable qualities. First of all there's his courage in the face of adversity-not only having to endure physical assaults by gang members on the rough streets where the family lived in Compton, California, but also the whole history which we learn about, facing off against racists in the deep South while he was growing up (including the Ku Klux Klan).And another extremely admirable quality was the fact that Richard did not embrace the militant ideology espoused in certain sectors of the African-American community advocating segregation. He was determined to have his daughters participate as equal competitors in a sport usually thought of as the domain of white privilege. Taking his daughters around to introduce them to various high echelon movers and shakers in the tennis community, took a lot of guts.The portrayal of Richard's treatment of Venus and Serena is a double-edged sword. Again on the admirable side, there's that excellent scene in which he has his daughters watch the Disney movie Cinderella in order to teach them humility. And later he gets a great deal of flack for not allowing Venus to play in the juniors for three years after she racks up a staggering number of victories.Richard is basically accused of being overprotective by his wife Oracene (Aunjanue Ellis) but his desire to have the daughters lead a "normal" life did prevent them from ending up like young tennis star Jennifer Capriati who was arrested while associating with unsavory drug-addicted characters.But there was another side of the overprotective dad that perhaps was played down in the film-and that is how Richard was a ruthless disciplinarian who subjected his daughters to a constant regimen of unrelenting practice. There is a good scene in the film where the friction over this issue with Oracene reaches its apotheosis-Richard drives away leaving his daughters in a store and expects them to walk back three miles to their home. All because he felt they were bragging about their success on the tennis courts.Fortunately his wife persuades him to return to the store and pick the girls up. There's another scene in which Child Welfare authorities were called to the home in which an anonymous neighbor accused Richard of child abuse (accusations of forcing the girls to study too hard and practice tennis for too long). While completely exaggerated, there may have been some truth in the neighbors' perception that Richard was "pushing" the girls a little too much.On the other hand, it could be argued (probably by Richard himself) that without having "pushed" the girls, they would never have become tennis champions.What's missing from the portrait here is Richard's unsavory side. A strict disciplinarian, he hardly loses his temper at all. It's a very favorable view of a man whose pushy demeanor (and ego) alienated many. There's also the issue of shady business dealings as well as infidelity., which are referenced but downplayed.Nothing is mentioned about his first wife and the children he had with her. One of his daughters from the first marriage no longer talks to him accusing Richard of abandoning the first wife and providing no child support for the family.King Richard proves to be a mixed bag. I learned a good number of things about Richard Williams that appear to be reasonably historically accurate. His obsession with making his daughters into stars (hatched even before they were born) is a complicated issue and one can make several arguments for and against.But I think there is the issue of celebrity worship in our culture that the film unfortunately promotes. Venus and Serena's exploits are the stuff of legend I suppose in the tennis world. But the way they're treated here (as well as Richard's hand in molding and guiding them), one can say they're being held up as almost God-like figures.Part of the mythology is to build the Williams up as very humble people guided by a caring, humble father. One can easily see in this "authorized" biopic that Richard was by no means the almost saintly figure being pawned off here. And do you really believe Richard's dark side didn't affect his daughters at all? Recall what African-American tennis player Sloane Stephens said about Serena: " people's perception of her as being so friendly is not reality."It's instructive to realize that athletic success is ephemeral. How many people today recall the names of the tennis stars even as recent as the 70s and the 80s, when the sport of tennis became a worldwide phenomenon? Among many younger people, probably not many.Will Smith does a good job capturing Richard William's driven spirit and Aunjanue Ellis as Oracene emphatically makes her case as the neglected wife. I also enjoyed the various actors portraying characters involved in the business of tennis-vultures ready to swoop down and reap the benefits of the Williams sisters' newfound success.
1 Would love to have seen a movie about Venus and Serena, from their perspective. That story would have been more interesting. This movie is scene after scene of Will Smith arguing with everyone to prove he's right, over and over.
6 Someone asked why have they made a picture focussing on Richard Williams and not his two daughters; Venus and Serena who are the ones that won so many grand slams.The answer is that movie studios were not interested about Venus and Serena. A film about their father. A driven, complicated and obstinate showman managed to attract funding.The problem with King Richard is that with the Williams sisters as producers of the movie. It is sugar coated and pulls its punches.Richard Williams (Will Smith) wanted his daughters to succeed and he has written a plan for them to become top tennis players even before they were born.Richard and his wife Brandy want to escape their neighbourhood in Compton. Richard gets regularly beaten up by gang members who pester his daughters. The well heeled white men in the tennis clubs are not interested in coaching his daughters. The sub text being that black people are more suited for the basketball court than the tennis court.Richard is undeterred. When he does find a coach to train Venus for free. Brandy decides to train Serena as Richard interferes and falls out with the coach.At times Richard claims to know better. He looks for better coaches and then falls out with them. He even pulls his daughters from the junior circuit because he wants his daughters to have a normal life and concentrate on their education. Despite them playing tennis since they were toddlers.King Richard is part biopic and part plucky success against the odds story. Will Smith makes a good attempt to capture the contradictory nature of Richard Williams. He gives a punchy performance. The script though does not get down and dirty.There is a scene where Richard and Brandy have an argument and tell some home truths. Richard has had children from other relationships which seemed to be affairs. Brandy had three daughters from a previous marriage. It needed to stick the knife into Richard Williams and brings out his flaws a lot more.The coaches found Richard to be hard work. Finding out that he had his own agenda and ulterior motives. Instead the movie opts for sentimentality as Venus takes her first steps in the pro circuit.
5 Richard is shown as an imperious loudmouth and other times they constantly reminding us how genius his plan is, they do show his good side but more so on the bad side. In the end we see a refinement in his character but only for a brief and it doesn't do justice to what really happened. All around great performances, though Will's may be overdone and Jon Bernthal's performance was surprisingly great. Often times the movie went into a moment of boredom when they elongated a conflict then repeat that said conflict 15 minutes later. The rest was filled with training montages with music you'd expect from a sport movie. It has an incredibly story yet somehow boredom prevails.
6 Smith fans should be pleased with this film. It is a good show case for the actor. It is one of Smith's better performances as well. It's almost real acting from the star. The film is perfectly pleasant because of Smith alone.I however am not overly fond of the film for two reasons. First, the direction and parts of the screenplay are dramatically inert. The climax of the film feels much more like a reversal of fortune and not an ending. And while the direction is technically polished it is uninspired. Second, the decision to frame the story as Richard's is decidedly odd. Some of the material is refreshing in a sports film context but Richard Williams should not overshadow his daughters because they are the ones who did the main work. The film robs the William sisters of a lot of agency-it feels gross in retrospect because it is clear that Smith shaped the story to make the film a vehicle to win an Oscar.The film works and I think tennis people will get a lot from it. But the film is basically just a really good lead performance from a character who should have been in a supporting role.
10 November 2021 King Richard is the fantasy story of the father of Venus and Serena Williams. While everyone knows the truth is that their father was a very hard and disciplined taskmaster/father, here in this movie, the father is more like Forest Gump of tennis.King Richard is just a nice goofy dad, making funny jokes and keeping the kids attending their tennis lessons. This movie is a vanity project which is really all about Will Smith, not really about the Williams sisters.
2 Hollywood's make believe biographical movie...Could be a good fictional movie.The movie is loosely based on the real life events of a person who is abusive and disloyal to his family.
1 One - Father abandons all his other children and leaves them in poverty is NO KING
Two - Will Smith is not a method actor or has the ability to be anyone but himself -- He really cannot act.
6 Although it has its moments, Reinaldo Marcus Green's 'King Richard' fails to serve a powerful, winning smash. It is mostly formulaic, with some of the drama bordering on melodramatic. Will Smith delivers a pretty monotonous, borderline caricatured performance. The 'King Richard' star dwarfs, especially when combined with a forceful Aunjanue Ellis and a revealing Saniyya Sidney, and leaves the film without a compelling central figure.
1 The movie does a disservice to what is otherwise a fascinating and touching story. By the end you feel as if you watched robots trying to portray larger than life characters full of ambition and emotion.
1 Will smith, one of my favourite actors since Independence Day, Men in Black, Bad Boys, heck even Wild Wild West and Bright has looked to take his career in a more serious and maybe even activist path. I can't say whether this Will Smith that's been revealed from *the incident* has always been there or is a product of having domestic issues, but I don't know if I can ever watch him again. I want to believe his apology is genuine but it's hard to believe. He's always been likeable, even when kooky, even when trying to get on the social media/YouTube train. His likeability is gone from one of his worst moments that everyone saw. And his speech made things worse. But I believe in redemption, Lord knows I need it more than Will so I hope he makes the right changes here.But anyway, maybe playing a person of poor character at times changed him? The way he made his kids into two of the greatest female tennis players of all time is admirable. But everything else (previous family) including producing the entitlement of Serena who always bullies down masking as love (see her abuse of chair umpire) I can't say. He doesn't deserve a movie anyway. The sisters do and like I said, I'm not a fan.
6 Pretty boring biopic about the early days of tennis stardom for Venus and Serena Williams, focusing on the role their father played in their success.If you read anything about the real person that Will Smith plays in this movie, you'll quickly understand how whitewashed it all is to make it more palatable and Oscar-baity. Well it worked, because lo and behold, here is "King Richard" among this year's slate of Best Picture nominees. Oh and look, there's Will Smith's name among the movie's producers. No wonder the character was whitewashed.This hits every single mark you would expect it to, without a surprise or unpredictable moment within miles. The film's brightest spot is Aunjanue Ellis, as Smith's wife and mother to the Williams sisters. Every cookie cutter biopic about an overbearing, obsessive male must include a partner who suffers nobly and acts as the film's conscience, and Ellis gets that dubious job here. But she does quite well with it, and the movie sparkled a little bit more every time she was on the screen.Tony Goldwyn and Jon Bernthal also stand out as two of the sisters' coaches.Grade: B.
6 King RichardSome elements were good but to be honest much of the movie was made with the agreement and the involvement of Richard Williams and is quite an airbrushing of the history to make him appear in a good light.Alarm bells, you have to ask yourself why does a biographical movie start with Richard Williams being 38 years of age, practically middle aged, because what went before is either irrelevant or unsavoury.The movie started with a happy couple and 5 young girls, a close loving nuclear family, both parents working hard, one a nurse the other a security guard, looking out for their children but living in a rough part of town. However this film omitted to say he already had 5 children, that he abandoned, with another women whom he was divorced from. Of the 5 girls in the family that was shown only Venus and Serena were his and why they were chosen by him as money making machines. I might add he has as least 10 biological children in total as well as the three adopted ones shown here.The movie then leaves the impression they struggled to be recognised and inferred this was racially motivated. Venus was made at 4 and half to play tennis on the public courts as part of the "master plan" and as early as 7 she had already been recognised and was being coached locally. You can't be overlooked as a 7 year old, this is twaddle!The movie instigation is based on this remarkable "insight" by Richard that he "foretold" the greatness of these two children, perhaps even before they were born. Hardly remarkable, in reality most parents have a master plan and his detailed history seems to have been constructed retrospectively.Will Smith and Aunjanue Ellis, who played his wife held this together with the tennis, Venus and Serena playing minor roles. The whole movie was overly earnest where was the humour in all of this, Richard constantly said "enjoy yourself", but no one ever seemed to!Overall, the movie is fatally flawed, it is not quite the American dream comes good, the history is distorted, the racial elements exaggerated, the fight to have their talent recognised fabricated, the back story omitted etc etc.Overall, as entertainment it's a 6 outta 10, Will Smith was very good, as a historically accurate record is a 1 outta 10 from me.
7 Greetings again from the darkness. Sports parents. Band parents. Dance parents. Cheerleader parents. Drama parents. We all know THOSE parents ... and many of us, whether we admit it or not, ARE those parents. Director Reinaldo Marcus Green (JOE BELL, 2020) and first time screenwriter Zach Baylin bring us the story of the unconventional, hard-driving, flawed, well-intentioned father of tennis superstars Venus and Serena Williams.Will Smith portrays Richard Williams in a showcase role that he capitalizes on. Richard Williams is not a particularly likable man - his hustler mentality is eclipsed only by his stubbornness. But more than anything, Richard Williams was committed to giving Venus and Serena every opportunity to succeed in a tennis world that seemed like a different universe to the Compton neighborhood in which they were raised. Richard and his wife Oracene (an outstanding Aunjanue Ellis, THE HELP) coached the young girls themselves in public parks via instructional articles in Tennis magazines. Both parents balanced their jobs with this coaching, and Richard spent a significant amount of time "marketing" the girls to professional coaches, most who had no interest in taking on pupils who couldn't pay.Venus (Saniyya Sidney) and younger sister Serena (Demi Singleton) trust whole-heartedly in "The Plan" their father has in place. It's a plan designed to place million dollar checks in their hands, and lead them to the top of the tennis world. Their first break comes in the form of John McEnroe coach Paul Cohen (Tony Goldwyn), who agrees to coach Venus. The real fun begins when Richard cuts a deal with super coach/trainer Rick Macci (a terrific Jon Bernthal) to take on both girls and cover the families living arrangements in Florida.What makes this film work is that so many of us can relate to just how difficult it is to be a parent, and never settle for less when it comes to the kids. Now, Richard Williams is an extreme example - and his enormously successful daughters have dealt his approach a hand of credibility. Richard and Oracene are presented as very protective of their daughters, but also obsessed with helping them excel at school, tennis, and life. Given that there are three other daughters living in the house, it's surprising that we don't get more details on the reactions from those girls to the favorable treatment of Venus and Serena. The family is presented as being very tight-knit and loving, but it's difficult to swallow that jealousy didn't rise up periodically.This truly is the story of how Richard Williams remained focused on getting his daughters to the top, so don't expect the tennis history of Venus and Serena. The young actors playing them are excellent, but this takes us through the foundation of their careers while overcoming adversity, not the professional highlights. Oscar winning cinematographer Robert Elswit (THERE WILL BE BLOOD) makes the tennis look legitimate, while also bringing us the family intimacy. In fact, the scene in the kitchen is one of the more intense and well-acted scenes we will see this year, and the camera work amplifies the tension. On the lighter side, we get Will Smith singing Kenny Rogers' "The Gambler", and the closing credits show actual clips of Richard, Venus and Serena, as well as a rundown of their impressive achievements. Director Green has delivered a crowd-pleaser with some poignancy and a few well-placed messages. It wouldn't surprise to see a few award nominations attached to this one.Opens in theaters and streams on HBO Max beginning November 19, 2021.
9 January 2022 "King Richard" is an interesting film, because we all know what the ending is, but have no idea of the process. Therefore, it has to have an engaging middle, so that the sure ending becomes well deserved. Acting is good by all actors and actresses. I enjoyed watching this uplifting film.
2 The worst Oscar winning movie ever made. Nowadays it's just all about how silly rich people are the "most inspiring people" around.Bad story, unlikable characters, worse writing, over-the-top larger than life acting from Smith. This movie is proof that Will should stick to comedy and action movies.What a complete snore-fest.
1 There is really nothing of note about this. It will be forgotten this time next year. It's boring, it's stupid, it's just bad. Don't waste your time watching it. Just watch some Youtube thing about them if you really care.
6 The movie is weird. The Williams sisters stayed behind, making a movie about their father. It's really weird. Will Smith, Aunjanue Ellis and Jon Bernthal did a great job. My rating for the movie is 6. This movie is so weird. Good movie, but one that was made for the Oscars. That's why it didn't feel like an honest movie to me. Good movie, but instead of Williams sisters, their father is in the foreground. I don't know if it's true or not. I think the sisters were producers or something in the making of this movie. I do not know. Not worthy of the best picture Oscar.
4 Well...I guess this'll teach me a lesson about making sure I've reviewed all the Best Picture nominees before the Oscars next year, cause now I've got to talk about The Incident.And I'd already decided on my rating for this before the Oscars, The Slap Heard Around The World didn't have anything to do with it. But that said, what an ass Will Smith is.And what an ass he could have not ended up looking like if he had just kept his cool and called out Chris Rock on Twitter the next morning or something. Cause what he said is certainly not cool given that Jada shaved her head not for the style, but because she started balding, but is it not reasonable to assume that he might not have known that? Or that he might not have even written that joke and was made to say it? Either way, I can't see any justification for him being assaulted (and believe me, I've seen a few people trying to make justifications.)I don't blame the Academy for going through with still giving him the Best Actor award, this all happened 40 minutes before that award was presented and I think it's pretty safe to say that nothing like this has ever happened at the Oscars before, so there would have needed to be a LOT of behind the scenes communication done in a very short amount of time to figure something out.And even if you think what he did was justified as a response to Chris Rock's joke, it's not fair to all the winners and nominees of the show, because now all anyone wants to talk about is Chris Rocked and I'd be willing to bet that hardly anyone remembers a lot of the winners.Oh yeah, and screw Regina Hall as well while I'm at it, she should be grateful that a crime worse than sexual harassment and groping happened on stage that night. Imagine if the genders were switched for her terrible "you all need COVID tests let me swab the back of your throats, uwu" bit. Now get creeped out by that thought, and think about why you consider it less creepy for it to happen to a bunch of men please.Anyway, King Richard. Cheesy, boring, cheesy and boring. It hits every single beat you'd expect from a sports drama and adds absolutely nothing new to the table other than the mindblowingly innovative concept of making a sports drama where the sportsperson it's theoretically about isn't even the main character. Sounds fun? Well guess what, it isn't.The narrative is as dreary and lifeless as a biopic possibly could be, the performances are all nothing more than fine (certainly not Best Actor worthy), it's directed and shot completely averagely, and if this is how Richard Williams is in real life, then he kind of comes off to me as a huge jerk. Who the hell has children, as in brings a living, thinking and feeling human being with thoughts of their own into this world, for the sole purpose of making them tennis champions? What if they wanted to...I don't know, make hats instead?So no, I didn't like it even before its lead actor slapped a guy on international television. Bite me.
1 Serena Williams and the truth don't live in the sane world. The professional reviewers said it: with Richard's daughter producing, the truth is not what is shown and no Hollywood producer was interested in just the tennis player(s). It the colorful Hollywood community will all vote to glorify another movie that changes the truth - because the uneducated, indoctrinated believe movies are true and history lies.
1 This movie isn't poorly made, or poorly written, or poorly acted (though there are certainly no Oscar-worthy performances). But the title is terribly misleading, it's much too long, it glosses over a lot of negativity, and who wants to watch a movie about a raging idiot who controlled his wonderful daughters to a nearly psychotic degree? Why not a movie about Venus and Serena?As for all the clowns leaving negative reviews for this movie only because Will Smith showed his egotistical buttocks with his impulsive behavior on the Awards show, I suggest each of you should get a life... or something close to it. Quit being losers and skewing a movie's rating for the wrong reason just because you decided to be a tender snowflake whose feelings were hurt by a little slap. That was idiotic on Smith's part but that's not violence, you morons.
5 I was looking forward to it. The true story is amazing. Powerful figures. Legends. Incredible athletes. Two great women. But what did we get? A film about the man. Sigh....The film was by the numbers. No attempt at imagination. Creativity. Adventure. Just the same copy and paste routine story, camera angles and dialogue. Blah blah blah.The film making did little to bring the story to an amazing climax. As much as I hoped it would, it just whimpered to a dull end. And finished with a pathetic cliche closing scene that was so painfully predictable.These ladies deserved more. Not just another Will Smith film...
6 I am very fond of the first iteration of JUMANJI, with Robin Williams giving a wonderful performance and the latest in CGI, which looks either quaintly charming or charmingly quaint a quarter of a century later. The remake a couple of years ago struck me as foolish before I saw it, but it turned into a highly amusing movie, with some favored performers. It made enough money that now it is a series. If they continue at this level, it will be a pleasant movie for me to see every couple of years.When we last saw Jumanji, it had been turned into a home video game, and the youngsters were vowing never to return. Well, by and large they do, because the last one turned into a surprise hit. They're a couple of years older, cracks have formed in their relationships, and for various reasons, two of them can't go in, because their avatars are taken by Danny Devito as Alex Wolff's grandfather, and Danny Glover as Devito's former business partner. They've been angry with each other for several years.It's a different adventure, and it makes as much sense as any video game. The avatars get swapped around, so the acting fun consists of watching the actors playing other actors in a FACE OFF sort of way. Dwayne Johnson does a pretty good Devito imitation, but Awkwafina does a better one.This is one movie that is not going to win any awards, but if you're not in the mood for deep-dish suffering nor for something biliously Christmas-like, this is a movie with good performers in roles and situations that will amuse you.
5 It's OK, but, not nearly as good as the first one.It's much less funny, much less interesting, the "video game look&feel" doesn't work as good, and in the last third of the movie Karen Gillan is fully clothed. There are some sequences that don't seem to have any real sense or purpose and are not very funny or interesting, like the whole "switch players while bathing in green goo", which actually happens _twice_ in the movie...Of course, part of it is because the concept has already been explored in the first movie, so it's not as interesting this time around. But, still, they could have done it a little better, rather then trying to do it "a little less".On the plus side, Kevin Hart does a _great_ impression of Danny Glover.While it's an OK watch, I don't think it improves on the experience you get from the first movie and I don't believe you can fully enjoy it without watching the first movie, so, I would not recommend watching it.
5 The first Jumanji film, Welcome To The Jungle, was a lot of fun thanks to an amusing script, lots of entertaining state-of-the-art CG adventure action, and a great cast that included Dwayne Johnson, Jack Black and Kevin Hart. However, in my opinion, the best thing about the film was lovely Karen Gillan as Jumanji game avatar Ruby Roundhouse, a babelicious, kick-ass red-head in a skimpy outfit.The 'abs'-olutely gorgeous Gillan is back for the sequel and hotter than ever, making this a no-brainer for me, but the film itself is an otherwise fairly forgettable retread of the last one, with the same group of friends returning to the game where they attempt to save Jumanji (again) by retrieving another stone (from a barbarian and his horde). This time the gang is joined by two new players, Spencer's grandfather Eddie (Danny DeVito) and fellow OAP Milo (Danny Glover), which leads to not-very-funny gags (repeated ad nauseum) about the elderly characters struggling to understand their situation.The script could have been written by a ten-year-old, such is the level of invention and the sophistication of the humour. The action is, once again, visually impressive (especially in 3D) but heavily reliant on CGI, lacking a sense of realism with little in the way of genuine excitement or thrills to be had. At no point do we feel that the characters are in any real peril, especially given that each of them have three lives to waste, which we all know will be more than enough for them to complete the task at hand.Given how much I enjoyed the first film, I'm surprised at just how average The Next Level is. Another Jumanji adventure is undoubtedly on the cards, and as long as Gillan is there, so will I, but I seriously hope the makers pay more attention to the plot and the comedy next time around.
7 Even though its central concept seems ever-so-slightly more strained this time, 'Jumanji: The Next Level (2019)' is about as good as its predecessor. In fact, it's sometimes even better. Basically, the flick is just fun. The crowd-pleasing body-swapping is amped up to eleven, shaking things up just enough so that they feel fresh. The main actors continue to properly impress in their chameleon-like roles, joined by a few extra treats that perform far better than you'd perhaps expect. Indeed, these new players are probably its biggest asset; a couple of them thoroughly perforate the entire experience despite only having a rather small amount of screen-time. The picture is often funny - though, never hilarious - and is oddly endearing, to boot. It isn't particularly deep or, even, memorable but it doesn't need to be. It's a good time at the movies; what more do you need? Obviously some better theming and, perhaps, a tad of nuance wouldn't go amiss, but it's just not that kind of film really and that's perfectly fine. Even if it doesn't impact you as much as some of the year's best, it'll certainly make you smile and keep you entertained for a couple of hours. Besides, its inciting incident is driven purely by character and it even manages to squeeze some genuine emotional connection, via a well-drawn dynamic between DeVito and Glover, into its otherwise otherworldly proceedings. Its acting is also deceptively simple but decidedly fantastic, fully immersing you in the idea that these major stars are actually four teenagers and two old men. Basically, it's not as simple as you might think. 7/10
5 It is not so impressive as previous one. Character transformation is some way working not for all. Only Eddie's turn into Rock is highlighted part. Movie lost charm when Spencer back in Rock. Then story remains nothing. However funny dialogues surely will entertain you. Otherwise rest of movie is bore. I think previous one was better an interesting.
3 No where near as funny as the first one. If anything I was annoyed the entire time. Duane Johnson character annoyed the hell out of me this time around. Should had never added the grandpas characters. It just didn't have me laughing
7 I absolutely loved the first instalment and to a large extent those that enjoyed the first will enjoy this it's still entertaining fast paced and humerous. The only thing I found was rather than laughing out loud and being on the edge of my seat like the first I had the occasional chuckle sat back. Having said that laughing out loud or not I was never bored and still had a smile on my face for the majority of the film. A decent sequel exiting at in interesting point for a potential 3rd movie.
7 I thought the last Jumanji movie was pretty decent, not perfect, but definitely not bad. If you liked that one you will like this. It is very much just more of the same. If it ain't broke, you know.A couple new faces, one of them I really liked seeing. Won't say who it was, but if you're older than 20, chances are good you like the person.The action is like last time, it's entertaining, but not mind blowing. The effects are overall good. The Rock has some, lets call them punching scenes, which I liked. Although the action direction overall, could have been slightly better, tighter.They once again have fun with the fact that the characters "in game" represent characters in the movies "real life". And I am pretty impressed with how the actors fared. Maybe especially Dwayne Johnson. (I think he's taking some serious acting classes, he's getting better) Overall the cast in this is very likeable.I didn't feel quite that much that I was in a video game, this time around though. Felt more like just an adventure, than an adventure videogame. They could have hammered home a little better.
So yeah, I was entertained, but it's pretty shallow and won't stick with me like, say, the origianl Jumanji. (I watched that as a kid, and it was kind of revolutionary, so of course it stuck) Nice family flick.
7 After the success of the sleeper hit Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle, it was only a matter of time before a sequel got made. Jumanji: The Next Level is pretty much Welcome to the Jungle all over again. It's a fun movie, it's cleverly written, and that's about it. It covers many of the same beats, but it's still funny because the premise is something that can be used for a whole new set of different jokes and gags. Spencer goes back to Jumanji, and the others need to get him back. Only this time, Spencer's grandfather (Danny DeVito) and his business partner (Danny Glover) get sucked in too. At the beginning, Danny DeVito is in the Rock's body, Danny Glover in Kevin Hart, Fridge in Jack Black, and Martha returns to Karen Gillan.The main source of humor is people adjusting to being in different bodies and having different abilities, and it is based on the idea of people ending up in the bodies of people drastically contrast with who they are as people. The reason it works is that the audience is somehow able to see Danny DeVito as the Rock, rather than the just Rock acting like an old guy. It's a difficult thing to pull off, and it does so successfully. While the idea of the old guys adjusting is funny at first, it does get old after a while. It funny enough on its own to make it a good time. Much like the previous movie, it carries a strong sense of adventure. It does end on a sequel hook, so Jumanji 4 is inevitable at this point. Based on this and WTTJ, we can imagine it's going to be a fun, entertaining, and enjoyable.
8 Mild, mild spoilers ahead....I was scared they'd somehow screw up the sequel to the "reboot" they did, but I was greatly surprise at the new elements they added: the grandpa's subplot and the way it was executed and their contribution to the jumanji gaming experience (they were both hilarious); and all the new additions felt exactly how a sequel to a 90s sequel game would feel like: new abilities and weapons and scenery (or the would-be "levels" of the game) they still felt like they'd actually be levels of a game! It's exactly what I hoped they'd add on because that's the kind of thing the first movie did, it tried to work with the stereotypes and elements found in those good old adventure games like Tomb Raider.I also liked that they brought back the WHOLE gang, the reason why movies like this where the most logical thing would be to make it anthologic, that is, with different kids experiencing the game; so when they try to use the same characters that supposedly learned something from their past experience in it, is a recipe for disaster because it's hard to bring all the gang together without it being forced. But i liked the way they did it, it felt controlled and fulfilling in the end.In conclusion, it was a funny, entertaining and creative action adventure movie, it's not gonna win any Oscars but it's so wrll thought of that it's a delight to watch and I feel it never grows old, you can rewatch it and enjoy it all over again
6 I really enjoyed the first movie but this one, not so much. The jokes seemed forced and not particularly funny. Even Dwayne Johnson's smouldering look wasn't funny this time around. At least Karen still looked beautiful as ever
5 I enjoyed the first one but this seemed slower, not as much going on. The jokes were flat. A lot of "'I'm an old man in a young body" jokes. Just no zing. Hope they are done with these.
6 It's an entertaining sequel. The effects and the story (in the game) were surprisingly good for a sequel. It also took entirely too long to get into the game.What brought the movie down a notch is the tired troupe of grandpa has to have everything explained 20 times. And the overdone old man routine. Ugh. It gave me flashbacks of Jar Jar Binks. That and a miscast Awkwafina - maybe it's just me, but I found her to be incredibly annoying.It is definitely NOT better than the last one, but isn't a flop either.
6 There was no reason to have the characters sound like Danny Devito or Danny Glover when the enter Jumanji.
It made the movie less funny and the switch back to proper characters takes too long.
Was hoping for much better
6 Don't get me wrong, I kinda like 2017 updated remake/sequel to the 1995 Robin Williams film which in return is based on Chris Van Allsburg's beloved children's book about a board game coming to live. The story written by Chris McKenna and others like Erik Sommers, Scott Rosenberg & Jeff Pinkner about a bunch of high school kids being sucked down into the jungle settlings of the video game version of the magical board game Jumanji was a surprise hit for me. Despite if it doesn't make much sense story wise; seeing how the game washed up around a French Canadian coast in the first movie. The film directed by Jake Kasdan was still a breath of fresh air as instead of having the implements animals and other jungle elements effect the real world; it had the players go into the treasure hunting adventure realm under over the top character avatars playing as individuals that were opposite from their normal types. I love that these selfish loners had to better themselves and try to work together to get out of it. By the end of the film. Everything was wrap up together pretty well and resolved. To tell you the truth, I didn't felt that this franchise needed another movie. There was no reason for the protagonist Spencer (Alex Wolff) to go back to the game as Dr. Smolder Bravestone (Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson) even if he's super depressed. It's clear by the beginning of this 2019 film, he still has his friends and family. Fairly this movie also written & directed by the same filmmakers as the 2017 one could had work better if he was accidently sucked back in the world due to the game being broken and having the rest of his friends rescue him before Jumanji crashes. Why not have the game cause glitches that teleport the players to erratically different unique locations and allow certain NPC to be playable? It would made more sense than the game updating itself with a new treasure hunt even though it's supposed to be broken. It would be awesome to see odd bizarre ragdolls physics, some distorted textures, certain NPC freezes up or characters going to invisible walls. Sadly we don't much or any of that. The only apparent instance of a glitch the players encounter is the water that lets them switch characters. However I found that as a cheap cop out as the gamers never got used to playing avatars opposite from themselves by the end. It's especially disappointing that characters like Martha Kaply (Morgan Turner) is so selfish depended on their original avatar that they're not willing to try anything new. It's a step back for her character. Having Anthony "Fridge" Johnson (Ser'Darius Blain) switch avatar with her had a ton of potential but unfortunately it never last even one single scene. It sucks because I really wanted to see Ruby Roundhouse (Karen Gillan) act unique & different than in the last movie. Sadly that character felt so regular that it became boring to watch her scenes. At least she wasn't annoying. I really couldn't stand any of the avatars portraying Grandpa Eddie Gilpin (Danny DeVito). That character is too damn bitter and grouchy for my taste. I just wanted to mute whenever Eddie is on screen. Nothing good come out from his mouth. Even Dwayne Johnson and Awkwafina near perfect comic timing and mimicry ability couldn't made me root for him. I can care least about the diner arguments he has with Milo Walker (Danny Glover). It slow the movie down to ground still. I kinda wish the movie focus more on Milo's health than him talking about the past. At least, Milo's ignorance of the game & worldview is lot easier to deal with. Kevin Hart deserves praise for doing an exceptionally good impression of an older gentleman seeing that he was pretty much playing himself as Mouse Finbar in the last movie. As for Jack Black as Professor Shelly Oberon, he is wonderful as always. The way he acts as Bethany (Madison Iseman) and as Fridge is nearly day to night. It's wonderful. However there was no need for Alex Vreeke (Colin Hanks) to return as Seaplane McDonough (Nick Jonas) as that role could had to Spencer since he is the person missing in this film. Regardless the whole idea of a horse being a playable character was unique enough that I kinda enjoy that. However the antagonists in this piece felt a bit wasted as Jurgen the Brutal (Rory McCann) & Switchblade (Massi Furlan) are not in many scenes. They barely have any moments to shine. Most of the threats of this world came from the animals. Action scenes with the mandrill monkeys on the bridge was intense and exciting with its quick puzzling solving work & chase on dune buggies while getting pecked at by large ostriches were apocalyptic fun to witness. However the deaths on this adventure were not as memorable as the last movie. No explosion cake here. As for the climax. It felt like a rethread. It didn't quite go to the next level for me. While the final moments of the end credit will set up yet another sequel. I sadly going to call it quits for now. Overall: This latest movie play it too safe with its concept to the point that it's not really worth playing. It's a game over for me. Sadly.
7 Surprised that this movie was good. Comparable to the first. The plot was the exact same thing as the first, but by adding new characters and switching up who's in who's body, it kept things fun and entertaining. Very funny, Kevin Hart was hysterical acting like Danny Glover, one of the highlights of the film. Unlike the first, this one had some good fight scene, and a few nice twists. Overall, just a fun entertaining movie. It doesn't stand above the first from 2017, not better not worse. If you didn't like the first, highly doubt you'll enjoy this one any more. But it's still funny for those entertained by the first.
8 To be honest, I don't have high expectation for the sequel but turns out it is exceeded all of my expectations.Jumanji: The Next Level added new character, skills, and jokes for all of us. I could hear the audiences in the cinema laugh on the jokes and enjoy it as much as my boyfriend and I enjoyed it. Yeah, I have to admit there were some repeated patterns from the first one but along the way they also added several stuffs which brought fresh air to the whole movie.Also, I think the sequel conveyed deeper messages than the first one, potrayed by the characters problem in it, in which we can related to our real life. Lesson I got from this sequel: Sometimes you will hit the end but it doesn't mean it is over. It means, all you have to do is living the present and look it with different perspectives.From the plot of the story, it kinds of light and predictable, but hey, it is a decent sequel you can enjoy with your family. Side notes: They had after credits scene, it might hints about the potential third movie of Jumanji.
6 This was a fun time. The cast and performances are both very good here. It's a fun popcorn movie - although, there are some "shocks" and somewhat violent deaths throughout which I found jarring and a strange tone choice. However, this is a great bunch of likable comedy actors/young actors being given the freedom to have fun in these roles. There are also some exciting set-pieces and creative vfx. It was a wise choice to bring back the entire cast too, with some new additions. I'd recommend this movie to anyone that wants to see a fun action-packed video game/blockbuster with likable and entertaining actors. But beware of the jump scares and "scary" animals if you're sensitive to that sort of thing.
2 This is a scientifically certified and diagnosed disease that is prevalent and contagious in Hollywood.It is a disease and Sony and the producers have fallen prey to it as well.Give your money to the studio money takers suckers! At least Karen looked tasty so added a star for her excellent body.
6 Recycles lots from the first one, has a worse villain and the characters didn't seem as original this time round. Still worth a watch for the actors alone and there is some good jokes here but I wouldn't hold it in too high regard.6/10: A little above average
7 "Jumanji: The Next Level" deserves praise for for not only reminding use why the first one was good, but also for its adept handling of sequel chores. It's back to the jungle but with more characters, good story and loads of charm. The slight bank towards zany is welcome here and makes for an easygoing and entertaining diversion after the holidays. To me, Jack Black is the standout for shouldering much of the humor, and I'm pleased to see a franchise being built on solid and heartfelt foundations.
8 More acting skills were called upon with a nice refreshing twist on the characters, and the actors delivered. Wanted more humor, but nevertheless, a great sequel.
7 Loved the edition of Awkafina/Devito/GloverFully enjoyed the silliness of this movie. Pure Fun and laughs. Nice touch at the end.
5 A new film from Sony comes out. It is a franchise film (Sony has no new ideas). A flood of spammy high marks and praising reviews dominate for the first two months (Sony interns and execs) and they downvote any legitimate criticism. Interns go away and slowly real reviews come to the fore pointing out that Sony is rubbish sequel/prequel studio.So why 5 stars? That's where the 10% kicks in.This one actually has a gorgeous female body, legs and face in it. Karen, we thank you! Stay fit!!
4 Good:The actress has a hard body and gorgeous legs. No other studio would allow a beautiful woman on screen. Look at Disney for example.Bad:Sony unleashes its interns for the first month after the release to like like like their boring sequel and then real reviewers come to the fore.Speaking of which, yes sequel bad and boring.
8 I first saw this in the late 80s on a vhs. Revisited it recently.
Only kids from the 80s will appreciate this film cos mayb its nostalgic, bicycling around the neighborhood, working out with a bull worker, etc.A bunch of kids attempt to save their homes from foreclosure and, in doing so, they discover an old treasure map that takes them on a perilous journey and during the journey they are chased by a family of criminals.The Walsh family house is a real home n has a lovely picturesque look.
Mama Fratelli running around is hilarious.
The settings of Astoria, Oregon is serene n very pleasant.
10 It was in 2001 or thereabouts that I watched and listened to the audio commentary track that is on the DVD version of The Goonies. Nostalgia is a wonderful thing, and seeing how the principal cast had aged (or hardly aged in Josh Brolin's case) was worth the price of admission on its own. But this is just one of The Goonies' selling points. Despite what the IMDb's ratings would have you believe, it is an immortal classic that warrants repeated and frequent viewings. It is not a coincidence that many of its cast and crew have repeatedly appeared in all sorts of productions before and since. Indeed, this was probably the first film that introduced me to the reality that the same actor will often play ten different parts in ten different films when I realised that Jonathan Ke Quan was the same brat that made parts of Indiana Jones And The Temple Of Doom so amusing. Seeing him in the video-enhanced commentary of the DVD nearly two decades later was a surprise and a half.The film revolves around a group of children and adolescents who live in the poorer, less trendy part of a beachfront town. Unlike an episode of Barney, every member of this principal group is given a background and a string of differences from their castmates. You will not see the teenaged Brand responding to the same situation in the same manner as the ten year old Mikey, and that is where a major part of the film's strength is derived. The only weakness in the characterisations is with Martha Plimpton and Kerri Green, who join the adventuring boys a little way into the film. Exactly what they are doing other than giving the character of Brand something similar to himself to bounce his more adult-oriented lines from is anyone's guess, but they do work in their limited capacity. It is just a pity that Chris Columbus' screenplay did not give them a little more to do, other than defuse one fiendish trap towards the end of the ride.Speaking of fiendish traps, the adventurers journey from one puzzling location to the next with barely a stop for breath. It works because unlike similar adventure films where the director expects us to be impressed by a fiendish-sounding name, the specific places that are visited by the Goonies have function. The bone piano shown in one such sequence, for example, would appear in the nightmares of children learning a regular piano for years after the film's theatrical release. It also gives Corey Feldman a good chance to act out a character who speaks very fluent Spanish. And while I am on that subject, who could forget the immortal scene early on in the film where Mouth deliberately loses something in the translation when Rosalita is shown around? But the prize for scene-stealing goes to John Matuszak, who plays the unofficial eighth Goonie, Sloth, with a weird aplomb that may well scare the willies out of parts of the intended audience. But then, in 1985, scaring the intended audience a little was considered a healthy part of making a film for those in the age ranges depicted here.They say you cannot have a good protagonist without a good antagonist to bounce off. Robert Davi, Joe Pantoliano, and Anne Ramsey provide antagonists so good that they utterly hose the rule about not working with animals or children. The Fratellis work so well here because they are working with children. The late Anne Ramsey played her part so well that the mere thought of watching her in anything scared the willies out of me for years. Nowadays, as I have fully realised the mechanics behind film for some years, I am keen as mustard to see some of her other work in such pieces as Throw Momma From The Train (now there's a title that brings images to mind) or Meet the Hollowheads. That a performance can produce two entirely different reactions in the same person at different stages of their life should tell you all you need to know about its quality. Robert Davi and Joe Pantoliano are somewhat overshadowed here, but the manic, cackling quality of their introductory act also left quite a lasting impression.You might have noticed that I have so far only mentioned the special effects in passing while heaping praise upon the acting. This is because unlike films such as the recent Star Wars prequels, the effects complement the acting rather than overshadow it. From what I am able to tell, all of the effects in The Goonies are practical, and some of them quite inventive. There is no use of blood squibs, which may disappoint some viewers, but there are enough mechanical sets and air vents to fill three films. Some of these effects did not turn out so well and were cut from the final film (the squid sequence being the most famous example), but unlike a lot of films that depend on special effects for a crucial element, everything shown in the final cut is in perfect sync here. Suspension of disbelief is never an issue, which is just as well considering some of the preposterous things that roll by the screen with a certain nonchalance.I gave The Goonies a ten out of ten. Like Superman or the original Lethal Weapon, it shows that Richard Donner knows how to make a classic. Now that it is twenty years old, it stands forever as a relic of a time when the world of those under the age of eighteen was far less oppressive. If you have not introduced your children around the age of ten or greater to its joys and moments, then shame on you.
10 Anyone who grew up in the 80's will list the Goonies as one of their favourite films, or at least look back at it with a misty eye.It had everthing you could want, thrills, spills, pirates, booty, adventure, freaks and bad guys. I just wanted to be a Goonie or go on a Goonie style adventure. Even the place where they lived was cool. A big old house in a picturesque bay town. You don't get houses like that in England. The only interesting thing you would have found in my loft would have been a dead pidgeon.Then there were the Goonies themselves who just seemed so cool. Data's gadgets and smart mouthed ..erm.. Mouth.We are first introduced to them one by one in the fantastic introductory sequence. The bad guys of the piece, the Fratellis, organise a jailbreak in a huge 4x4. In the process of doing so they speed past every member of the Goonies, introducing their character traits. Then they all get together at the leader Mikies house and just doss around for a while feeling sorry for themselves, because a property magnate wants to but there little town and turn it into a country club (although the bay looks like it would make a poor golf course, but hey). So this is the Goonies last day together and they have to do something about it. And don't they just.What follows is like a comedy Hardy Boys crossed with a game of Mousetrap. Some of the set pieces are genius (the pirate, One eyed Willie, had a penchant for elaborate traps to stop people pinching his booty) and the sets are equally inventive. The gang get themselves into various scrapes with the traps, or the Fratellis or both and somehow always come out on top.Richard Donner's direction is always brisk, the young actors performances are superb (specially the fantastic 'Chunk'), the senior cast is very good and the dialogue is chock full of hilarious lines.I must admit I look back at it through rose tinted glasses. I was in awe of it when I was a kid, and now when I watch it, it reminds me of my childhood and all the things that was great about it. I cant fault the Goonies, even now. I still believe it is the perfect kids film.I am probably preaching to the converted, but if you havent seen the Goonies, go and buy it now! And if you don't like it, what the hell is wrong with you!?!?!?
10 Every kid has imagined what it would be like to go on great and glorious adventures. Pirate ships, police chases, treasure chests full of gold and surrounded by human skeletons with patches over the eyes, the inherent excitement in the possibility of a cavernous wonder world beneath the very streets where they live. The Goonies is about a group of kids who have grown up together and are about to be torn apart because their parents are being forced to sell their homes. In the attic of one of their houses (Mikey, played by Sean Astin), they find an endless supply of fascinating things - treasure maps, paintings, cryptic writings in strange languages. They find a map that sounds promising, and decide to see if it has any value, hoping to be able to find enough treasure to prevent their parents from losing their homes. Not only was The Goonies a brilliantly written, directed, and acted movie, but it was also so much FUN! The adventures of these kids through the underground world, while being chased by the despicable villains known as the Fratellis, are fascinating to watch. The Goonies is a great cinematic experience. It has everything that anyone who was ever a kid could ever want. Even the elaborate sets are very convincing. The sense of adventure and hope that are presented in The Goonies is very uplifting and inspiring. The lovable characters are perfectly developed and endlessly entertaining. Many of them, particularly Sean Astin and Corey Feldman, delivered the best performances of their future careers right here in this early adventure film. This movie can be enjoyed by virtually anyone, which is one of its best values. It is truly timeless, and it should not be missed.
7 The first time I saw THE GOONIES was at a friend's house right when it was a "new release" on video. After the best times I had in my life watching it, the friend established a "Goonie" club for the fun of it. Perhaps your past childhood memories would have been the same, too! While the movie is a tad heavy on the stupid foul jokes, it does have the imagination of willing to trek around for some perilous adventures, plus a few spooks. There possibly was never a movie like this providing tons of fun and laughter during the time. The characters and their personalities were most original, including "Data" and his supply of gadgets, and "Chunk" with his obese but likeable image (love that "Truffle Shuffle"!). But "Sloth" easily stole the show with his own likeable personality, a goon with the weirdest face I've ever seen in my life! Just think of how fun it is to discover lost treasure, when you know it's only fantasy. Four key things come to mind with THE GOONIES: pirate ships, teenagers, the Frattellis, and Cyndi Lauper. They're actually "good enough" and they go together in this memorable journey! Kudos to Richard Donner for bringing me a movie that I've seen over 100 times and never stop enjoying! After all these years, I'm STILL waiting for a sequel!HIT PUREE!!!
10 Treasure hunts.  Who doesn't remember digging under the porch, in creekbeds, hollowed out logs, etc to find the buried treasure you just KNOW is hidden there somewhere?  The Goonies is a fun-filled ride right back into our youth where treasure hunts are no longer a thing of the past.I absolutely loved this movie.  It was just so much fun to watch when I was a kid and just as much fun when I watched it again as an adult with my own kids.  Of course the movie has moments of predictability, and no, the villains aren't all that intimidating...they're actually quite moronic. But that only adds to the charm of this movie as well as its comedic value. Although there are lessons peppered in (don't judge by appearances, right vs. wrong, etc), overall, The Goonies is a wonderful exploration of childhood friendships and imaginations...from Data and his many scientific creations to One Eyed Willy and his pirate ship.There isn't a character in this movie I didn't fully enjoy watching...you have the dim-witted, evil Fratelli's, heavy-set, melodramatic Chunk, Data with his "booty traps...that's what I said, booby traps" galore, the odd-looking but loveable Sloth, and Mouth with his, well, Mouth.  Those are only a few...there are many more.  A lot of great lines come from this movie along with memorable moments (the Truffle Shuffle).  I've seen The Goonies about a hundred times and I STILL enjoy watching it over and over again.
This is absolutely a pure, fun-filled movie to enjoy with your kids, grandkids, nieces and nephews, or simply by yourself.  Hang on and enjoy the ride!  The Goonies earns a solid 5 out of 5 stars!
10 Just prior to graduating with a degree in Film Studies a lecturer asked us, "So what's your favourite film now?" Whilst my peers spouted out Goddard films and obscure German expressionist shorts I sat quietly thinking; my favourite film has been My Favourite Film since I was seven... So when it came to me and I mumbled "The Goonies", I was expecting scorn, ridicule and possibly minor injury, but instead was met with concurring shouts and whoops and cries of "Hey you gu-uys!" from the rest of the class. You see this is the unifying thing about The Goonies; mention it in a room full of twenty-somethings and they'll whell up and utter "Sloth loves Chunk" or adopt a harassed Chinese tone "Thats what I said...Booty traps!". And if that room happens to be a pub, several chairs will scrape back and semi-inebriated grown men will lift their shirts, shake their bellies and revel in the truffle shuffle. People may say it's an Indiana Jones wanna-be I think that is the defining beauty of it all. When we first watched The Goonies it was like watching our dreams come true on screen! We'd loved seeing Indiana's adventures and escapades and in The Goonies we saw kids like us actually doing it! They got to be just like the mini-Indies we imagined ourselves to be in the playground. But its not just the adventure that makes us love the film, we love those Goonies themselves. They were like our friends. We got annoyed with them sometimes, and we wanted to protect them, and we laughed at their jokes and cheered when they had a brilliant plan. Identifying with those kids was what we loved and why, as adults, we quote them and 'become' them when talking about the film. I still want to be like Andy, having a perilous adventure sliding down tunnels and facing the bad guys on a huge pirate ship... but of course also making time to kiss Brand AND Mikey! I also think that this is why Goonies 2 is such a relevant and exciting concept. We've all grown up together and I'd love to see how the guys are doing now...I just hope it doesn't disappoint... So if you've not seen it do it right now, and if you have kids sit them down, hold their hand through the scary bits and enjoy! They'll thank you in twenty years time!
10 The Goonies is eternally a terrific movie that anyone could easily fall in love with. I was a little surprised honestly that this movie isn't on the top 250, because it seems like everyone agrees with me that this is just a plain excellent movie. After all, it is directed by Steven Spielberg, when has he ever misled us? I think this movie is sort of like a time capsule, because you can tell that it was made in the 80's, but it'll forever remain a treasure that will pass on from generation to the next.It's about these pre-teen boys who are about to loose their houses to the local rich guys who will turn their houses into a golf course if their parents don't come up with the money that's wanted. When Mikey, the leader of the Goonies, gets his hands on his father's treasure map that belongs to his museum, he shows his friends, including his older brother, Brandon, that maybe this could be their last adventure to find the treasure and pay off the rich guys! Brandon, his girlfriend, Andy, her friend, Steph, Mouth, Data, Chunk, and Mikey come together to find the treasure. But it's gonna be hard when on the run Fratelli's want the treasure as well and will try to get there first! The Goonies are just so lovable and I would always recommend this not only for the family, but for yourself as well. Because it has great lines, exciting scenes, and just a fantastic story. Not to mention all the future stars who are in this film like Sean Astin, Corey Feldman, and Robert Davi. There are a few slight goofs that you notice off the bat, but you get past them because it's just such a charming movie.10/10
19 May 2003 I love The Goonies.  It is a classic 80s children-adventure film.  They don't make movies like this anymore... of if they do, its children hurting other children (Cruel Intentions... etc).  I do miss that from the 80's... during that time you can have an adventure film that relies on humor and "monsters" without an overt display of violence and sex like in todays "PG13" movies.  Anyway.. I rant...
I love all the characters from The Goonies.  Chunk is my fav (truffle shuffle, hostage crisis, Dead things Mikey! Dead Things!, and when he starts spatting off Hebrew when he is captured by the Frattellis).  Its amazing to see the changes in Josh Brolin (Brandon) from back then to his performances today.I have this movie although it must be a edited version because I heard there was an octopus scene in the uncut version.. Haven't seen it yet.I heard they were going to make a sequel.. My question.. Why!?! Don't ruin a good thing. Leave it alone and walk away.  Resist all urges for a money-grubbing "typical hollywood second release" scenario.I love the music from The Goonies as I am a huge 80's music fan.
Lastly, the scene is beautiful.  I live in Portland, Oregon and have traveled to Astoria several times.. It is a pitty to know that the last time I was in Astoria, the house featured in the movie was run-down and looked to be vacant.10/10.
10 A great, great movie. No matter how many times I watch it, it always is a cracking watch. Buried treasure, pirates, Chunk, it has it all. So, so funny. A huge nostalgia trip. Hasn't dated at all. I challenge any kid or adult not to enjoy this movie
3 I have friends who grew up in the 80s who swear that The Goonies is one of the greatest adventure films ever made. Being in my late teens at the time, I was a little too old to be interested when it first came out, and having finally caught up with the film nearly thirty years later, I can definitely say that I'm waaaay too old for it now. Although I'm usually a sucker for films involving the search for long lost treasure, this noisy, chaotic, poorly acted, desperately unfunny, unexciting waste of a big budget had me wishing I'd never bothered to see what the fuss was all about.When the most comprehensible lines of dialogue in the whole film come from a mentally disabled, drooling freak called Sloth and a character played by Anne Ramsey, then I know I'm in for a rough time. Quite why Spielberg and Donner opted for such an obnoxious collection of unruly brats for this film I'll never understand, the kids' incessant unintelligible screaming seriously grating on the nerves. Until now, I've always had time for Corey Feldman and Sean Astin, but here they are mostly unbearable; even worse are Ke Huy Quan as amateur inventor Data and loud-mouthed tub of lard Chunk, played by Jeff Cohen, both of whom deliver utterly charmless performances.If, like me, you've successfully avoided seeing this film for several decades, I suggest that you keep on doing so and save yourself the disappointment.
7 One of the quintessential 80s films, 'The Goonies (1985)' is an entertaining ride that's certainly funny at times but does suffer from some slightly odd tonal shifts; one moment some gangsters are literally about to blend a child's hand and the next a screaming deformed man is swinging in on a rope wearing a superman shirt and suspenders. It's this weird mix of the oddly serious and almost sinister (including a number of dead bodies) with the slapstick - sometimes downright silly - and sentimental that hinders the flick just a bit. It's too childish for adults, yet too adult for children. Perhaps, however, that's why it was so loved in the first place. It has its issues, sure, but it's always enjoyable and has a palpable energy to it. It's a fun adventure from start to finish. 7/10.
8 The Goonies, what a fun movie. I will admit Richard Donner's direction was a little too leisurely and there are some parts in the middle half that are too slow and falls dangerously into cloying sentimentality. Still this childhood favourite of mine is great fun from beginning to end. No matter how thin the story is, it has an intriguing premise and Donner and Chris Columbus keep the action going strong and the adventure fun enough for the younger audience. The script is funny and affectionate, the music is memorable and in general the special effects are good. The image of the pirate ship was mind blowing and the cinematography and costumes are very well done. The performances are very good; while Sean Astin and Corey Feldman are the standouts of the child cast, it is Anne Ramsey who steals the show as Ma Fetali in a effortlessly over the top and deliciously evil performance, very like Diana Dors in The Amazing Mr Blunden. All in all, a fun adventure yarn. 8/10 Bethany Cox
4 I remember as a kid wanting The Goonies to be great, but when I saw it something felt wrong about it. I thought it was okay, but knew it was lacking. I recently saw it again (20 years later), and I know what the problems are. Bad writing, bad acting and bad directing. Everyone yells practically nonstop in the film. You don't believe for a second that any one of these kids is a real person. There's one hint of a decent performance when Sean Astin is recounting the story of One Eyed Willy to his friends in an out of breath monologue. I won't blame the kids, but Spielberg and Donner. Chris Columbus' script felt slapped together in a weekend (probably was under the orders of Spielberg). I have friends who love it, and have fond memories of it as kids, but I guess I've always been overly critical. It's just that I wanted more as a kid. I wanted the same feeling I had when watching Raiders for the first time, or Back To The Future. Those films had something that The Goonies lacked. I'm in the minority, but I just wanted to get it off my chest.
10 If ever there was an advert for just how good adventure films were from the 1980's, this is it. Enormously entertaining, funny, moving, and just plain old fashioned adventure. The Goonies stands up even today, superbly made, well acted, and it's one of those films, that never fails to entertain, it stands the test of time, and never disappoints.I love the effects, and the music is so good. I love the cast, they all deserve a mention, but as was so often the case, Angelina Ramsey, Mama Fratelli, just fabulous.Definitely there was a social message in it, but it never overtakes the film, they're a group of kids having an adventure.Awesome. 10/10
9 With the recent passing of the great Richard Donner, I thought if timely to review this fine film. Must has already been written about the movie that defined many a childhood, but for me the director and cast commentary is more than worth the cost of getting a DVD player. Seeing the cast together with Richard reminiscing about The Goonies demonstrates the commitment and care they and the rest of the cast and crew had for this fine film.
10 Best movie of the 80's without question. All these 1-star reviews must be millennials with their usual ignorance to when the world was happier.
1 The acting, screenplay, and direction are all atrocious in this unwatchable and boring film. Spielberg's clich-ridden story seems to be made up of leftover ideas from "Raiders of the Lost Ark." The script is amateurish and has no rhyme or reason. It's as if they made up the story as they went along. The kids are simply obnoxious; they talk non-stop and don't say anything interesting. This film is supposedly targeted at youngsters, but it has crude sexual "humor" (not the least bit funny) and tasteless violence directed at children. Rather than direct it himself, Spielberg brought in Donner, presumably to spread the blame, but the latter does nothing to save this sinking ship.
28 January 2004 Mikey Walsh and his friends face separation as they all prepare to move away as developers buy up their properties.  The only hope is that they can raise enough money to keep the house.  When they stumble across a map relating to the long lost treasure of pirate `One-Eyed' Willy they go after the treasure but it leads them to tunnels under the hideout of the Fratelli family who are on the run from the law - the Goonies must get the treasure before the Fratelli's can find it.I haven't seen this film for many years and, when someone told me it was their favourite film I couldn't really voice an opinion (or at least, not an informed one).  Having now seen it myself I must admit to be a little at a loss to understand the sheer amount of cult love it gets; I can only put it down to us all loving something from our childhood in a guilty sort of way! The film is enjoyable but no more than that, and I wasn't sure who it was aimed at: it seemed to be too scary for young children but far too childish and silly for older kids.  The plot is a sort of Indiana Jones for children and it works reasonably well despite an excess of flaws in several key areas.The plot is silly and feels very disjointed, I was never totally sold on the treasure hunt nor the threat of the Fratelli's. It varies wildly between sickly sentiment (`I'm gonna take care of you', `you're my best invention' etc) and overblown action that doesn't really excite because it is so unrelated to reality.  The effects can be forgiven due to the age of the film, but really it should have been more dramatic considering.  The comedy also swings wildly from silly slapstick to some very funny lines; the whole thing is very rough around the edges and it is quite refreshing to see this in comparison to so many more `clean' and shrink wrapped kids movies - at least this has a touch of anarchy about it!  That said, I didn't laugh that much although I did enjoy the rough edges.It is funny to see the cast now, although few of them have really gone on to become adults who did great things.  Astin is a little too drab for the film, his role has to carry the story whereas the others get to have more fun.  Feldman, Cohen and Ke Quan all get to enjoy themselves and are good value despite occasionally being more silly than funny.  The adult cast are much better and it is a shame that they aren't used that well - Davi, Pantoliano and Ramsey are all good and I would have preferred to have had more laughs from them.  Like the film itself, it's all very rough round the edges in terms of performances, which is both a good thing and a bad thing.Overall I have not been won over to the extent that the army of Goonie fans are.  I enjoyed it even if I couldn't really get into either the comedy of the silly action.  It has it's moments and is probably best used to start and wean children off more childish stuff without making the jump right into adult films.
7 Various sympathetic friends nicknamed The Goonies (Josh Brolin , Sean Astin , Corey Feldman , Corey Haim , Martha Plimpton , Jonathan Quan , Kerri Green...,) form a group of young teens and botcher kiddies who amuse and laugh themselves . However , two underprivileged brothers are about to lose they house by eviction . They spend their time at home with jokes and having fun when they discover an ancient map , then takes place weird deeds and something more terrifying than any of them could have imagined . They hit on a labyrinth of underground tunnels and chambers while attempting to find the centuries-old pirate treasure . If they can recover the treasure without getting caught by the bad boys (Joe Pantoliano , Robert Davi , Anne Ramsey) , then all will be saved. They call themselves "The Goonies." The secret caves. The old lighthouse. The lost map. The treacherous traps. The hidden treasure. And Sloth... Join the adventure.The pirates map, The villainous crooks, The underground caverns, The booby traps, the skeletons, The monster, the lost treasure, and the magic that is... THE GOONIESThis is an amusing , likeable mess made in Spielberg style , in which a bunch of teens and kiddies set out on an adventure to find a legendary pirate's long-lost treasure , and the main goal was to pay homage to old adventure movies and Spielberg himself and his films of the 1970's ranging reverence from Steven's directorial films . This is a high-energy action fantasy for kids and adolescents of all ages . Entertaining film with funny situations , state-of-art special effects and interesting screenplay by Chris Columbus and Steven Spielberg himself . It's excitement all the way as Steven Spielberg and Richard Donner, the makers of 'Indiana Jones', 'Gremlins' and 'Superman', combining forces to create the Family Adventure of the 1985 year .The sets look like the leftovers from Indiana Jones series , and full of amusement and jumpy moments as the children battle ancient pirate bobby traps as well as a trio of rather too hilarious villains played by Robert Davi , Joe Pantoliano and their malicious mother Anne Ramsey . The action speaks for itself , and there's a lot of it . Juvenile honors go to later famous duo : Corey Haim, Corey Feldman , and the endearing fatty boy Jeff Cohen . Imaginative and rousing musical score by Dave Grusin in John Williams style . Top-notch FX , as well as colorful and evocative cinematography by Nick MacLean . Lavishly produced by Steven Spielberg was reportedly on set many times throughout the course of filming . Nicely directed by Richard Donner , an action cinema expert with numerous and prestigious titles (Superman , Assassin , Conspiracy theory , Timeline , Lethal Weapon saga, 16 blocks ..). The motion picture will appeal to Steven Spielberg and Richard Donner fans . Rating : Better than average , well worth watching .
10 There was a time when boys would spend a whole day watching their favorite
heroes, dreaming of riding a crusade against Darth Vader's Empire or
fighting the enemies among the Knights of the Round Table. Just like in
the
Fantasy Island, where Mr. Roarke and Tatoo would make all one's wishes
come
true, The Goonies has the special talent to bring our childhood fantasies
back and remind us how great those years were.In this 1985 movie, a bunch of kids find a map which indicates the spot
where the evil pirate One-Eyed-Willie buried a big treasure stolen from
English ships in the 1500's. As we can predict, they decide to seek for
the
gold and precious stones to help their parents who are about to be
expelled
from their homes because they can't make ends meet and also because some
wealthy men want to put their houses down to build a country club on it's
place. Dangers, traps and even a family of thieves - the Fratelli - are
after them.As the film goes on, we can see how closer the friends get and how
supportive we all should be. They would always be there for each other, no
matter how deep their problems are. Even a rich girl, Andy, is accepted by
the group, in a very politically correct act, where no distinctions are
made. The scene in which the guys are stuck in a hole, is very touching
and
really digs our sense of aid.Richard Donner directed this movie and another famous director, Chris
Columbus wrote the screenplay, based on a Steven Spielberg's story. Matt
Sweeney was responsable for the special effects and the main theme ( They
'r
good enough ) was written and performed by Cindy Lauper.After the film, none of the kids became famous actors. Corey Feldman and
Kerry Green took part in some teenage comedies, while Sean Astin showed up
in "Memphis Belle" and Ke Huy Quan was the young Indiana Jone's chinese
taxi
driver in "The Temple of the Doom". The only one who joined some serious
projects was Martha Plimpton.But these are just technical details. What really counts in "The Goonies"
are the two hours of humanity, pleasure, inocence, friendship - and even
the
first love - that only children can show in their eyes. In fact, it's a
small journey to our past, to a time when your deepest worries were about
the girl (or the boy) on the next chair.
8 I find it interesting that while no film has been made to be a sequel to The Goonies, 3 different video games were derived from this film. Not surprising in that the film itself resembles a video game in that private little world a bunch of kids called The Goonies find beneath an abandoned seaside restaurant on the Pacific coast.The head of the gang is young Sean Astin and acting like a den brother is older sibling Josh Brolin when he's not trying to get something going with Martha Plimpton. Among the rest of the gang is Kerri Green, Jonathan Ke Quan, Corey Feldman, and Jeff Cohen.The kids have an old map found dusty and forgotten in the attic of Astin and Brolin. But also at the same time Anne Ramsey a current Ma Barker has busted one of her Rhodes Scholar sons out of the local jail and they find the abandoned restaurant a most convenient hiding place. So while the kids hunt for the treasure of legendary pirate One Eyed Willie, another group of kids chasing them, the bad guys chasing them all and the law looking for the bad guys, it's all a merry chase.Going below that restaurant the Goonies find an adventure that would be the envy of Indiana Jones filled with all kinds of traps and devices to kill or at least discourage. Obvious that Steven Spielberg borrowed liberally from that film of his to use for this one with juvenile appeal.The Goonies after over 30 years is still great family entertainment. What could be better than watching kids on a pulp adventure they only read and dream about.Kids of all ages.
8 Mama Fratelli (Anne Ramsey) and son Francis (Joe Pantoliano) breaks other son Jake (Robert Davi) out of county jail. They are holed up in the abandoned cliffside restaurant with the deformed Sloth. Meanwhile everybody in the town of Astoria is being forced to leave as developers are coming to tear everything down for a country club. Mikey (Sean Astin) and his brother Brand (Josh Brolin) as well as klutzy Chunk (Jeff Cohen), Mouth (Corey Feldman), and Data (Jonathan Ke Quan) with his gadgets go digging through the attic. Mikey finds a map to One Eyed Willy's treasure. The boys tie Brand up and go off on their Goonies adventure to find the treasure. The boys end up at the cliffside restaurant where they run into the Fratellis. There Brand finally catches up to them. Cheerleader Andy (Kerri Green) and her friend Stef (Martha Plimpton) follows them and gets pulled in on the adventure of a lifetime.It's a fun movie. That's its appeal. It has the essence of childhood joy. The kids are a fun bunch. They have exciting adventures. Steven Spielberg is the producer. Chris Columbus is the writer. Richard Donner is the director. It owes most of its sensibility to Spielberg. It's essentially ET with a pirate treasure rather than an alien. I do have a minor warning for really small kids. The language, the action and a dead body could be a little bit too much for the little ones. It's not really a kiddie movie for the tiny tods.
7 Don't worry this isn't a pretentious Mark Kermode wanna be movie review.Being too old ( & cool) in the 80s to watch these teen / kids movies back in the day I am now of an age to watch them without any prejudice. I can see how Steven Spielberg's is loved as the ultimate movie story teller. There is no ulterior motive in the movie other than entertainment and in this regard it is a winner.A sure fire classic
5 I'm not now representative of the film's target audience and not having seen this Steven Spielberg/Richard Donner opus when it came out in 1985 don't have any fond memories of it, but I found 'The Goonies' to be loud, goofy and generally unappealing. A group of young Spielbergesque outcasts set out to find a hidden pirate treasure while being pursued by incompetent crooks. The story doesn't make much sense, the script is long on puerile 'comedy', the characters are either unlikable or uninteresting stereotypes, and the ending mawkishly sentimental (typical of a Spielberg 'kids' film). Maybe I would have liked the film three and half decades ago (but I doubt it).
10 It sickened me in the past to see the Batman movie franchise slowly digging it's way to an early grave. After the quality Tim Burton films, the series pretty much went down the toilet, beginning a horrifically campy age of 'Bat credit-cards' and an armored Arnold Schwarzenegger tossing cringe-worthy puns at a Batman who seemed to be trying not to be embarrassed by the fact that his costume had nipples. So what could Warner Brothers producers hope to do to resurrect the franchise? Pretend it never happened, and start the whole series over again with a talented director, compelling story and capable cast. Enter Christopher Nolan, the mastermind behind 2000's 'Momento', widely praised as one of the most innovative films of the decade. As director/co- screenwriter, Nolan creates a richly dark, atmospheric world for Batman to inhabit, similar to that of the Burton films, but less cartoony. The film's screenplay, written by Nolan and David S. Goyer is quality stuff, it's true that some of the dialog exchanges can seem kind of contrived, particularly between Wayne and Liam Neeson's character, Ducard, but it sounds so classy you tend not to care. Nolan also puts a lot of trust in his audiences to stay put while the first hour of the film comprehensively explores Bruce Wayne's backstory, with no cape donning and few fight sequences. Nevertheless, the pace never slows, and the story is so unexpected and fascinating (who would have expected a Batman film to begin in a prison in Tibet? only Nolan could pull it off!) there's little chance of us losing interest. And this way, we really get a sense of who Bruce Wayne is, a trait none of the past movies were able to capture, including the Burton films. We see what drives him, what leads him to become this iconic crime fighter, and the reasoning behind the mask.Of course, to help the audience get under Bruce Wayne's skin, it doesn't hurt to have such a talented lead as Christian Bale. Bale has been emerging as one of the most talented actors of his generation, and he brings that talent to a peak here, playing the darkest of all superheroes. If you were to break down the role of Batman/Bruce Wayne, you would find that it is essentially three characters: Wayne as Batman, behind the mask; Wayne's public facade as the billionaire playboy; and the real, brooding Bruce Wayne. Bale plays all three of the characters to absolute perfection, and molds them together well enough to make it clear to show they are still the same person. He has been given tons of accolades for his performance already, and needless to say, he deserves every one.And the sheer quality of the supporting cast is mind-boggling, if for the number of big names only. It's very hard to find a weak spot in the incredibly strong array of performances here, but if one had to be found, it would have to be Katie Holmes. It's not that she gives a bad performance, on the contrary, but just she seems too young to be convincing as a district attorney. For me, Michael Gough will always be the definitive Alfred, but Michael Caine does an excellent job of taking over the role, giving a very strong (and often funny) performance. Liam Neeson is sheer class as Ducard, Wayne's mysterious mentor, as is Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox, Wayne's arms manufacturer and provider of the Batman gear. It's wonderful to see the incredibly talented and much underrated Gary Oldman as Sgt. Gordon, the only decent cop in Gotham, and he truly makes the role his own. Even cult favorite Rutger Hauer makes an appearance as Richard Earle, the ambitious head of Wayne Enterprises. And (surprise surprise!) the villains are also actually menacing for once, as opposed to cartoony and corny. Cillian Murphy just about walks away with the show as the truly chilling Scarecrow (the sequences involving his 'fear gas' are surprisingly frightening) Ken Watanabe is mysterious and creepy as guild leader Ra's Al Ghul and Tom Wilkinson is very convincing as Carmine Falcone, head of the Gotham city mob. Nolan's knack for realism also comes as a breath of fresh air in this age of CGI bloated blockbusters - there are next to no computer generated shots in the movie, even a sequence with Batman standing on top of a high building staring down at the city was filmed with a stuntman. And it really works, the Batmobile actually interacts with it's environment, and looks so much better real than computer generated. But don't think that the film will come across as too serious and stuffy because of Nolan's realism - true, Gotham seems too dark and dirty to come across as a fantasy world, but Batman Begins retains that unmistakable sense of fun that seems to only be present in comic book movies. We jeer and fear the villains, and cheer the hero as he lays his life on the line to vanquish evil and save the city. And that is how it should be. There's even a surprising twist near the end, which is doubly surprising because it actually comes as a shock. What's not to love here?(and, further cudos to director Nolan for finally managing to make a swarm of bats actually frightening for once)Overall, I'd have to label Batman Begins 'The must see movie of the summer' - it's a well written, authoritatively directed, impeccably acted (especially by Bale's powerhouse lead performance and Cillian Murphy's sickly menacing Scarecrow) and very high quality production. Indeed, most other summer blockbusters could learn a thing or two from Batman Begins. If the Batman franchise died under it's own gaudiness years ago, let us rejoice this glorious rebirth - Batman truly does begin here.-10/10
10 From PASTO, COLOMBIA-Via: L. A. CA; CALI, COLOMBIA+ORLANDO, FL-----------The ONLY Tony Kiss Castillo on FaceBook!----------------------Warner Brothers gave us a very special gift for Father's Day, 2005... BATMAN BEGINS. Despite displaying some lethargy in its opening scenes, and suffering from some of the excesses so common in this genre of film, not only might you say it is the best of the Batman Franchise, so far, but also that it is definitely the best super-hero film ever!Director, Christopher Nolan, who dazzled with his amazing talent in the 2000 Cult Classic, MEMENTO, has assembled a formidable cast (Michael Caine, Liam Neesom, Gary Oldman, Tom Wilkinson & Morgan Freeman, among others), an outstanding script and special effects all well focused in a film that transforms a two dimensional comic strip into a work of real depth!In the title role, we have Christian Bale, British, 31 at the time the film was made, someone who has spent most of his life in front of the cameras, without reaching, at least at this juncture in time, the long-awaited status of "Super-Star". In 2000, Bale took on another title role in American Psycho, a 'Cult Classic' which received ample attention from both critics and audiences alike. (If you have not seen this psychological thriller, do soWhat a gem it is! Bale is chillingly creepy!)On the one hand, Mr. Bale is one of very few British actors (Well, Welsh, to be exact) capable of playing an American where his accent, intonation, and even body language, is absolutely perfect, impeccable! (After taking in American Psycho, I could have sworn he was American!) However, in BEGINS, although his performance seemed quite good, it was slightly below my expectation. I attribute this to two factors. First, as I'm sure Bale was already awareaudiences went in with tremendously high expectations regarding his role. And secondly, with a supporting cast of the caliber involved in this film, it would have been almost impossible to stand out in the same way he did in American Psycho. .For my taste, the only really weak link was the now famous for being Tom Cruise's-EX, Katie Holmes! Before appearing in BEGINS, Ms. Holmes never had a real stand-out role, at least in my opinion, nor really had been in many high profile films. To all fairness to her, though, it wasn't so much that her characterization was extremely lacking as much as that her performance just wasn't up to those of others in this brilliant cast! .To highlight the very best that Batman Begins shows us, unlike almost all movies in this genre, its characters are anything BUT black and white. Just as in real life, almost all of them evolve in a kind of constant metamorphosis, responding and interacting with lady luck, day to day life events, and reactions from those around them! And they do it most convincingly, not the least bit far-fetched. .Before rushing out to see it, just a little warning. For those who yearn for Action-packed blockbusters, Begins might leave you feeling somewhat unfulfilled! And for those who crave really intense human drama, since, at the end of the day, this is still a comic book "super-hero", not some conflicted politician, or not even anything closeLet's try to keep things in perspective, O. K.? In conclusion, if you have EVER seen any film based on a comic strip that you have liked in the past, then don't hesitate to see Batman Begins...I guarantee you'll be rating it at least 7 STARS!10********** SuperHero *Stars*...ENJOY! / DISFRUTELA!Any comments, questions or observations, in English o en Espaol, are most welcome!......
10 Christopher Nolan (and cast) have pulled off what I hadn't dared to dream - a Batman every bit as good as Burton/Keaton's vision - and eradicated the camp, feverish memories of Clooney, Kilmer and (cough..) O'Donnell.The story is as good an origin story as you'll find - covering all the major (true-to-the-comic) events, and not wasting ages on them. We see Wayne's all-important training period (previously ignored), and his connection to the Tibetan shadow-ninja clan led by Ra's Al Ghul. We see Bruce come up with ideas for his symbol, his costume, his gadgets, his car, his cave - IT ALL FITS SO PERFECTLY.That's not all - Liam Neeson is perfect (as ever, when Lucas isn't writing his lines), Batman's first mad nemesis (the Scarecrow) is genuinely frightening; with some outstandingly scary 'fear' effects.. Gary Oldman looks just like a young Commissioner Gordon (and doesn't dominate), Morgan Freeman and Rutger Hauer give solid heavyweight support to the boardroom machinations at Wayne Enterprizes. I love Michael Gough(?) but Michael Caine is great as Alfred. It's only Katie Holmes who didn't ring true for me - not because of her performance, but simply because she looks all of 15 years old (sorry Katie). I am always blown away by Christian Bale, and this is no exception.The fights are great, the Bat-gadgets all there, the car is amazing, the plot is thorough and exciting, Gotham looks great, Batman really is frightening & menacing (and lethal!).. And the scenes with the bats themselves FINALLY get across the idea of how scary they can be.There is some humour, but it's fairly dry. The soundtrack, like all the best original soundtracks, is excellent - you hardly know it's there, but the emotions of the scene are enhanced and boosted. For the most part this is a serious Batman film, with plenty for long-time fans. This NEW Batman is one I'd like to see again. Bravo Mr Nolan, bravo.
8 Batman Begins was a massive breath of fresh air when it came out in 2005. Coming 8 years after Warner Brothers jumped the bat, as it were, with Joel Schumacher's childish mess, "Batman and Robin", Christopher Nolan's Batman Begins brought a maturity and seriousness to The Caped Crusader that had been absent since Tim Burton left the world of Gotham. While Batman Begins might not boast the visual prowess or rich villains of Burton's two Batman movies, it fleshed out the character of Bruce Wayne in a way no movie has since.Batman Begins is an origin story straight through, detailing Bruce Wayne's (Christian Bale) emergence from tragically scarred child to a symbol of heroism and darkness. After training with Ra's al Ghul and the League of Shadows, Bruce Wayne returns to Gotham in perfect mental and physical shape. What Nolan and screenwriter David Goyer do perfectly here, is inject Bruce Wayne with an emotion never before seen in a Batman movie. You can feel the pain and grief Wayne is experiencing and you can see why he decides to become a living symbol of good. The first full origin story for Batman on film, Batman Begins is very much told from Bruce's point of view. Earlier Batman movies often focused more heavily on developing the villains, leaving Bruce Wayne in the shadows. The approach that keeps Batman a dark, mysterious figure is a valiant one, and it makes sense. However, context rarely hurts, and Batman Begins provides the character with heaps of context. You can clearly understand the emotions and motivations of the man behind the mask. The origin is also utterly believable. You can see why Bruce Wayne dresses like a bat, why he needs a cape, how he gets a super-car and super-gadgets, and why he hides in a cave. Does it strip Batman of his mythic status? Yes, a bit. Luckily, unlike Nolan's two follow-ups, Begins doesn't get too carried away with realism, retaining a comic book style that its successor would forget.While it does take a while for Bruce Wayne to fully become the bat, it is worth it. Once Bruce Wayne finally dons the cape and cowl, there are a few jaw-dropping action scenes including a brilliant batmobile chase scene and a thrilling climax on Gotham's elevated trains. The atmosphere and feeling of Gotham City is nearly perfect in it's own way. It does not have the Gothic beauty of Tim Burton's Batman universe, but it's blend of comic book dinginess and contemporary sleekness makes Gotham a terrifically realized cityscape. The city feels like what a comic book world would be like if it actually existed. Batman himself is a dark, brooding, wonderfully realized character in his own right and he shares the screen with an ensemble of great actors. Michael Caine as Alfred, Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox, and Gary Oldman as Commissioner Gordon are standouts in an ensemble cast that is playing the comic book material straight as an arrow. Cillian Murphy as the Scarecrow is an excellent but criminally underused baddie, but on the whole, the supporting cast elevates the material.Batman Begins is still as fresh today as it was more than a decade ago. The origin of Batman is engaging, engrossing, and emotional. The story provides a context to the Bruce Wayne character that elevates the movie beyond its fun comic book plot. The origin is a satisfying and believable one, and once Batman finally enters the scene, the action is unmatched. Batman Begins is a strong, confident summer superhero blockbuster with more maturity and emotional truth than most dramas. I hesitate to call it the definitive interpretation of Batman (Batman 1989 takes that title), but Batman Begins is the best of Christopher Nolan's Batman movies, a film that balances gritty realism, human drama, and thrilling comic book fun.85/100
10 BATMAN BEGINS lives up to what I heard about it being a "darker" version, with much less reliance on flippant one-liners or gags, the result being a more realistic feel for what might have been.From the very start, there is a nice chemistry between Alfred, the butler (superbly played by Michael Caine) and Bruce Wayne (excellent job by Christian Bale). The humor is of the gentle kind, almost subtle in its implications, and it sets the stage for the more realistic flow of events to follow. There's a pulsating background score by Hans Zimmer and John Newton Howard that races along with the film, punctuating it in just the right places, at just the right moments, to give a vigorous punch to the action scenes. And there are plenty of them.But the quieter moments are all extremely well played and given depth by real characterizations--not just cartoonish figures. There is depth in all of the performances with the possible exception of Katie Holmes, an actress who speaks in a voice barely above a whisper and fails to project the belief that she is an assistant district attorney. Miss Holmes needs lessons in projecting her voice.Looming over the landscape is Liam Neeson, a distinguished actor who excels in his carefully concealed villainy. He is a force to be reckoned with and displays all of his versatility here. Equally effective in lesser roles are Morgan Freeman, Rutger Hauer as the Board Chairman that Bruce Wayne ultimately replaces, and Gary Oldman.The story is forcefully presented with magnificent visuals and eye-popping sets that all have a realistic gleam and are yet stylized enough to give credence to the fact that this is all based on a comic strip character.I can't praise Christian Bale enough as the man who dons that mask. He has all the strength and wily intelligence behind his serious good looks and makes the perfect embodiment of the action hero he is portraying. Firm of jaw, direct of gaze, he makes an excellent hero.Praise too for Cillian Murphy, who makes the most of his Scarecrow role behind a mask of creepy blandness, underplaying his role (as most of the others do) so as not to become a caricature, as so often happens in these Batman enterprises. If it's a series of running gags that you expect--as from previous Batmans--you won't find them here. The thrills come one after another, set pieces that are astounding to watch.Well worth the wait. Christopher Nolan has done an excellent job of handling his subject matter with great skill and flourish. Warning note: Perhaps a little too intense for children, but adults are certainly going to appreciate the fact that the real Batman has arrived.
10 I had fearful reservations about this one. I loved Tim Burton's Batman - 12 years old when it came out I was the perfect age for it and I also enjoyed Batman Returns. The franchise went so wrong under Joel Schumacher that I wasn't sure I wanted it resurrected. Not least because Batman was one of the few comics I read and enjoyed as a kid and was always my favourite superhero. I grew up reading the comics, watching reruns of the Adam West TV show and then getting Burton's celluloid vision. I was spoilt for choice as a kid but as an adult now I was concerned revisiting the franchise, especially given Warner's record over the last decade of screwing up summer blockbusters with potential all over the place (dare I bring up the Matrix sequels?)However, I am pleased to report I could not have been more wrong about how great Christopher Nolan's Batman Begins is. This is better than Burton. Sacrilege, you say?! Well Burton was still cartoony in many elements, he wasn't churning out the bilge of Schumacher but Burton's Batman was still over the top. As a kid this was ideal but Nolan's Batman is real. Everything in this world seems plausible and it is therefore a world that draws you in. Characters' vulnerability is that much more present. Every bruise, every scare, every concern, every emotion seems real.Part of this is that Nolan has assembled an exemplary cast. Again, this concerned me prior to seeing the film. I wasn't sure a cast of big name legends like Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman and well known names like Liam Neeson and Katie Holmes wouldn't detract and distract from Batman. I was always sure Christian Bale could be the great moody Batman he's been waiting his career to be but the others I wasn't so sure about.That said Bale is not just good, he's superb. I never thought I'd really be able to envision anyone other than Michael Keaton as the definitive Batman for me but since seeing Batman Begins a couple of days ago Bale has cemented himself in the position. Perhaps Keaton will now be able to escape the spectre of Batman he hasn't truly shaken off for 13 years.The rest of the cast is also pitch perfect. Cillian Murphy is creepy as hell, Liam Neeson is authoritative and imposing, Katie Holmes is strong and sexy (I particularly thought she'd be insipid, she should jettison Tom Cruise and let her talent - which she does have naysayers just watch Pieces Of April - speak for itself) and Michael Caine is an Alfred you've never seen but in fact far more likely as a butler than the aristocratic pomp with which he is usually portrayed. Gary Oldman is also superb in a rare wholly decent character for him as Lieutenant Jim Gordon who gets far more to so here than Gordon has ever had to do before. Only Tom Wilkinson is a little off with a slightly comedic wise-guy American accent that never really convinces.The emotional bond between Bruce Wayne and Alfred is actually a wonderful human heart to the film than Nolan and Goyer have written perfectly.Don't let that make you think the action is not front and centre though. From Wayne's training through the early stages of the film to his early missions as Batman at about the half way point to a thrillingly choreographed chase sequence and an edge of your seat finale this film delivers the cool quotient in bucket loads.Great villains (especially Murphy), great story, great cast, great action... put simply, great film. Probably the best comic-book movie ever made (that's excluding the genius Sin City which I consider a moving comic-book rather than a comic-book movie, that will never be bettered but Batman is a different beast and the best of its kind).
10 We waited for years to get a new and better "Batman" movie than the one we got back in 1997 with "Batman & Robin" which was a complete disaster. This movie is probably the best of all the "Batman" movies to ever be released. Christopher Nolan reinvents this iconic character in the most humane way we have ever seen the character in before. It's also the greatest way we have ever seen. Christian Bale is a very good Batman, but I don't believe in his judgment all the time, taking a scene where he is about to kill a man, but fails when the same man is killed by another assassin. I didn't really get his full emotion in that scene, but he is still very good. Liam Neeson is the best villain for Batman to take on as he inhabits the iconic villain Ra's al Ghul who we all know from the comicbooks. This is a great movie that I can't help but love even more every single time I watch the movie.
9 British director Christopher Nolan is better known for his lower-profile thrillers such as the excellent MEMENTO and the brilliant INSOMNIA, but his first big-budget Hollywood blockbuster is still in the same league as the other two: a tremendously inventive and exciting piece of filmmaking, which breathes a whole new life into the Batman saga and proves to be the best film of the series (shame it took till number five to get it right, but that's life). Nolan dispenses with any previous cast or story lines, instead taking Batman back to his roots, and the result is a tough, violent, realistic adventure which isn't marred by any of the comic-book campness or flights of fancy which spoiled the others. Batman is just an ordinary guy here, without any superpowers, but instead his Bond-style gadgets allow him to become the caped crusader by night.The casting is extraordinary and the ensemble all give outstanding performances. Bale is terrific, finally getting some of the acclaim he deserves; I've been watching this guy for a few years now and he's been great in everything I've seen. Caine is cast as Alfred the butler, and supplies genuinely warm comedy and wit. Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman are friendly allies, although their roles are relatively minor. Katie Holmes is the attractive love interest and she, too, is surprisingly good. However, it's the villains which have the best parts; Liam Neeson has his best role in many years and is fantastic in it, whilst THE LAST SAMURAI's Ken Watanabe is creepy as a cult leader. Cillian Murphy (28 DAYS LATER) is truly memorable as weirdo bad guy The Scarecrow, whilst Tom Wilkinson is almost unrecognisable as a hardline gangster. Even Rutger Hauer is in it, and that's gotta be good, seeing as he's been stuck in DTV movie hell for a decade.The film is long  2  hours to be precise  but the suspense and action keep it moving. There are car chases, fist fights, massive battles and lots of other stuff going on. The plot keeps you guessing all the way through and there are plenty of surprising twists. My only complaint is that the action is cut too fast, and too close, so that it's pretty hard to see what's happening, but the excellent soundtrack helps make up for that. Still, a minor complaint with what is otherwise a flawless film  let's hope they all team up to make some more classics like this.
10 To tell the truth, I thought the Batman franchise could never be saved, and I was really let down that I may never see my favorite superhero in a good movie ever again. Then I saw the preview to Batman Begins, I didn't really know what to think. New Batman. New Alfred. New story. New style. I wasn't sure why I wanted it 'the old way', but maybe I wanted to the actors in the Batman films I grew up with, to revive themselves and make a good Batman movie. I wanted Robin and sadly, Batgirl, alongside Batman saving the world from another familiar villain.I heard Batman Begins, and I thought great, this was called "Batman" in 1989, selfishly I said, "I want something new!".But, of course being a big Batman fan, I went opening night to Begings. 2 and half hours later, like the rest of the audience was completely blown away. It was the only movie I had ever been to (and yes I have been to some great ones) where the crowd claps and the end. This was not just golf claps for a popcorn clip, this was a standing ovation for 10:30 pm show in a crowded theater in Austin, Texas.I never would have thought this would have worked, even with Nolan directing. But I was wrong, so wrong. After seeing the X-Mens and Spidermans, I clearly thought Marvel had the upperhand and DC was just simply trying to keep up, again, so wrong.Nolan gave us a dark, gritty, and pleasantly realistic, view of Batman. Bale gives a tremendous performance as both Batman and Bruce Wayne. Michael Caine was a fabulous Alfred, and Morgan Freeman almost stole the show as Luscious Fox.Even though X-Men and Spiderman(all of them) are wonderful superhero movies, Batman Begins, is just a good, no, great movie. And I think that is what blew people away, that it wasn't just some superhero, special effect, hero gets girl, good guy wins movie, it was a truly dark and well crafted movie, and it maybe stupid to say, but it didn't even feel like you were watching a superhero movie.I don't even think Burton, and his animated style(which works), could have revived this troubled series, that Schumaker wrecked, because like Fantastic Four and Daredevil, tried over do it and give us the latter part of things.So, here is to you Chris Nolan. You saved a franchise. You made an unforgettable movie, that will be remembered as the best superhero movie of all time, but just an all around great and unforgettable movie classic.
16 June 2005 Batman Begins is a well told story of the origin of Bruce Wayne/Batman (Christian Bale). It covers a lot of the same ground as Michael Keaton's original Batman, but goes much further in depth in many factors of his creation. It goes into great detail about subjects such as how he got his costume, what exactly it is. Same goes with the Batmobile. We also find out why he chose to be bat-like.One of the more interesting aspects here is how it shows Bruce's father, Thomas Wayne (Linus Roache), and how he molded Bruce's life and instilled good judgment within him, a point which is misunderstood about him by most people he comes in contact with. Thomas, too, teaches Bruce valuable lesson, such as "We fall so we can learn to pick ourselves up". This is pretty close to the theme of the movie or motto Bruce Wayne lives by. The resemblance of the father & son is pretty good, too.I also thoroughly enjoyed the training Bruce Wayne endured becoming "invincible". Bruce is trained by Ducard (Liam Neeson) in many ways like a ninja (The concept of Batman IS similar to a ninja). He is taught many valuable lessons in this temple and is shown no mercy. Eventually, we even see his first real enemy as a superhero/vigilante.Although I am not positive as to how true to the comic book this movie is, I am sure it took a few liberties, as did Spider-Man. Most of the small examples I have noticed are for the better and make for a good story. The Batmobile is more believable as an expensive armored vehicle that the military would not spend the money on than a juiced up Corvette (or whatever that was). Same with the Batsuit.Katie Holmes is excellent as Rachel Dawes, a D.A. who is not afraid to go after the big villains in court. Also worthy of mentioning is Michael Caine as Alfred the butler. I do not believe they could have found a better man for that role, although I could not get the image of Caine as Austin Powers' dad out of my head when he was on screen.Finally, in my opinion, Christian Bale makes a much better Batman than the three recent previous ones in Michael Keaton, Val Kilmer and George Clooney. Something about him makes Batman darker and more mysterious. Hopefully, DC Comics and movies have learned from their mistakes and we will not have to worry about Batman picking up a sidekick in this newest installment of the Batman series. 9/10
9 I loved Batman and Batman Returns, Tim Burton's direction and Michael Keaton's Batman were really good, and seemed to be the best we were ever going to get.I'm glad to say that i was wrong, Christopher Nolan has taken the character of Batman to the very beginning, fleshing out the characters of both Bruce Wayne and Batman down to the finest details. Nolan's use of realism in the creating the Batman character makes him more believable than ever.Christian Bale quite simply personified the character of Bruce Wayne/Batman and actually puts everyone else's portrayal in the shadows. Bale is supported by a wonderful cast, including Michael Caine, Liam Neeson, Katie Holmes, Gary Oldman, Morgan Freeman and more, but i found Cillian Murphy's performance as Dr. Jonathon Crane to be one of the finest in the movie.Overall Batman begins is an very honest, detailed and compelling adaptation of the Batman character, that is worthy of the recognition it has received. For Bat fans and movie lovers alike; this is a must see.9/10
8 Director Christopher Nolan is rebooting the Dark Knight with a ever darker style. It is faux realism. He starts off with the death of Bruces' parents. After not able to kill their killer, Bruce is in a Chinese prison where he meets the mysterious Ra's Al Ghul. It is the anti-Obi-Wan Kenobi. His message is a dark perversion of Justice. When he returns to Gotham, he invents Batman.There are two things that keep this from an even more impressive start of Nolan's Batman Trilogy. The first is Katie Holmes. She is not up to the task. She is still playing that little girl character from Dawson's Creek. She doesn't have the seriousness or gravitas to play this gutsy lawyer character. It's a big character, and not just another girlfriend.The second is that Scarecrow (Cillian Murphy) isn't a big enough villain. The evil plan has too much of a silly Bond feeling. It is too unrealistic in a Batman movie that is suppose to be realistic. It leaves a bad taste for the climatic ending. Other than those two, this is still a great start to the trilogy. It sets the tone for the final two.
9 I've seen all the Batman movies. Most aren't that deeply lodged in my memory. I know that the scene stealers in most of them are the villains. This movie puts it on the strong shoulders of Bruce Wayne/Batman. The movie is about him and his ghosts and his baggage. It is about a man coming to grips with immense guilt. It goes into great detail to explain to us how Batman came to be. It has verisimilitude. The bad guys are, of course, really exaggerated in their evil plans. Everything is neatly plotted. There is fragility in both the character of Wayne and the city he and his family loved. Organized crime abounds and he must face it pretty much alone. I was quite impressed with Inspector Gordon (Gary Oldmann). He was believable and fragile, yet committed to what was right amidst a culture of evil (even on the police force). Like is so often the case, I can't speak for the people who know these comics so well that they fall into depression when a movie doesn't follow their dictates; yet, I really was involved in this. This is quite an all star cast with excellent direction with a bleakness that Tim Burton also did well. I think it was one of last year's best films.
9 My only criticism of this otherwise brilliant movie is that it is a little too long. But it is an extremely good film, that along with the original Batman could very well be the best of the Batman films(thought perhaps just lacking the original film's sophistication). People may find this blasphemy, but I did prefer this over The Dark Knight, but that was still very good. Christopher Nolan's Batman Begins is stylish, dark and gritty, pretty much what Batman should be. I have seen complaints that the film "contradicts" the 1989 film. Perhaps so, but what I can say in the film's defence is that Batman Begins is sort of a very loose prequel to the original movies.Visually, Batman Begins looks absolutely incredible! It could very well be the most beautiful visually of the Batman films, with beautiful cinematography and a simply dazzling view of Gotham City itself. Another asset I appreciated was that the music score didn't overpower the action, in fact it gave some atmospheric flavour to it. As much as Danny Elfman's scores were outstanding and definitely memorable, Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard do a great job with the score.The script is taut and well-written with lines that really make you think along with some occasional offbeat humour, the plot isn't convoluted or predictable but original, the film moves briskly(the second half was marginally better in terms of pacing to the first half though but that is in no way a flaw) and the action is explosive particularly the climax and the bat-mobile car-chase. Also Christopher Nolan's direction is excellent.The acting, aside from the visuals is what drives the film. Christian Bale is for me the best Batman since Michael Keaton. In the role of Batman he is suitably dark and brooding, like Batman should be, and as Bruce Wayne, he is dashing, handsome and ambitious. Katie Holmes actually surprised me and in a good way. She wasn't bland or annoying, I actually found her sympathetic and surprisingly good. Liam Neeson is also very good, though he has been better, while Michael Caine is perfect as Alfred. Cillian Murphy, Tom Wilkinson and the excellent, underrated Gary Oldman are also solid in their roles, while Morgan Freeman is wonderful as always.Overall, a brilliant film that is visually stunning, gripping and atmospheric. 9.5/10 Bethany Cox
10 Eight years after the infamous abomination Batman & Robin that killed the Batman franchise, Christopher Nolan stepped in and started a whole new series a darker (even darker than the first two Tim Burton Batman movies) and realistic level. Now at first, I wasn't mad on Batman Begins because at first I thought it was boring and it took a while to get to the part where Bruce Wayne becomes Batman. But after a while, I loved the film. In fact, it turned out to be my favourite Batman movie even though I really like the first two Batman movies by Tim Burton. I really like how we get to see the origins of Batman like the tragic death of his parents and becoming a martial arts expert in somewhere in Asia. Also I think it's clever how they made Batman act like a ninja than a superhero. Christian Bale is really good and intimidating as Batman but I think he's not as good as Michael Keaton's Batman. But also I think the rest of the cast did very well like Katie Holmes, Liam Neeson, Michael Caine and Cillian Murphy. But I can't understand why Katie Holmes was nominated for a Razzie for Worst Supporting Actress. I liked her as Rachel and she was a lot better than Maggie Gyllenhaal; not to mention better-looking. It's too bad The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises weren't as great as Batman Begins. I mean I think The Dark Knight is really overrated. I mean most people seem to be overglorifying it just because of Heath Ledger's performance as the Joker and his death. But The Dark Knight Rises was brilliant and gave a nice ending to the trilogy but I don't think it wasn't as fresh as Batman Begins. By the way, happy birthday to the creator of Batman, the late Bob Kane!
9 To start off this review I'd like to go back to the original batman series. Adam West hammed it up in what has to be the campest yet enjoyable version of batman. It was cheesy, it had the POW, WHACK, KABOOM, very very tongue-in-cheek which, brings me to my next point, is what batman eventually became. Batman, featuring Michael Keaton was a good film, keaton was a good batman, he portrayed the dark knight to a whole new army of fans, a darker batman, less camp, plus with a villain such as Jack Nicholson (turning in another great performance) as the Joker it was win win. Where from there? A sequel, Keaton yet again, Batman Returns, not as good as its predecessor but still a thoroughly enjoyable film with the villains being Penguin (Devito) and Catwoman (Pfeiffer) adding something different to the batman series. All is going well, then things start to go sour. Keaton is gone and in comes Kilmer who has to be the most wooden Batman ever, in come the clichs, the tongue in cheek one-liners and so on but Batman still has some credibility until, dare I mention it, Batman & Robin. This ruined the Batman series with Clooney just being the eye-candy for the ladies, the addition of Batgirl (oh dear Lord) and the villains just coming out with the most tongue-in-cheek one liners ever, example Mr Freeze "You're not sending me to the cooler", wrong, oh so wrong. Something had to be done and this was Batman Begins. This film rescues the Batman series single-handedly, it's a shame it didn't start off this way as it might not of died on it's rear. Bale is an inspired choice as Batman bringing a more serious side to Batman, the story is well paced, it's not all talk or just mind-numbing action, it actually keeps you gripped as you want to find more about Bruce Wayne's past. The only reason it misses out on a 10 is the quite pitiful bad guy scarecrow If you've not seen it I don't want to give too much away about the story but throw away all your perceptions about Batman because Batman is back and Batman has truly begun. D-man.
10 I got a chance to see 'Batman Begins' just this past Friday evening. I must say that before seeing the film, I felt in my heart this is the 'Batman' film we've been waiting for. Within ten minutes into the movie, I turned to my date and said to her, "This is it! This is the movie!" I just can't believe that after all these years, Warner Bros. finally got it right. For me the most intriguing part of the film, apart from the great script, and great acting, was Christopher Nolan's decision to base the film in reality. Deciding that Batman could really exist in our universe and our world was a stroke of genius. Another aspect of the film that's so refreshing is that instead of the focus being on the villain, Batman is the film's star. And rightly so. It's amazing what can happen when a studio leaves a respected director, and the creative team alone, and allow them to make the best movie possible. The only two negatives that I can think of is Katie Holmes and the fight sequences. Holmes does indeed look like a teenager playing grown-up. Her performance isn't bad per SE, it's just that you really don't buy her as an Assistant D.A. As for the fight sequences, I felt the cameras angles were too tight on the action, edited too quickly, and lit too dark so that you really couldn't tell what was going on and determine who was hitting who. Maybe we can attribute this to the fact that Nolan is not an action director. Hopefully the next film will open up the fight sequences so we can actually see Batman use the martial arts skills he developed during his exile. But apart from those relatively minor quibbles, the film is excellent, and I'm definitely going back on opening day June 15th, and seeing it a second time. A third and fourth viewing is definitely not out of the question.
8 'Batman Begins' started on the right foot and started the best superhero trilogy of all time. In this film, the protagonist character is so well represented, that the whole environment around him seems to reinforce his characteristics. Gotham City has never been so well represented, and the scenarios that gave life to the city made it seem that it was always night and that perfectly portray the darkness experienced by the bat man. To complete such harmony, the plot created in the viewer a sense of reality so well thought out that darkness seemed to be everywhere, except in the moments of light from Bruce's past in the dear Wayne mansion, or when it involved him with other dear characters, like Rachel and her butler Alfred. And, magnificently, the villains Falcone, Scarecrow and Ra's Al Ghul only magnify the story further by gradually causing terror in Gotham, spreading crime until it reaches the main point that gives life to the bat man, protecting the city from its own destruction, and justly the one who contributed most to bringing Batman to life became the one who most needed to get him out of the way simply because of a divergence of opinions that define a hero of the villain, although still within the line of justice. It is an intelligent morality and better preached than in any other superhero film, and that define hero as such, but that still makes you understand and admire the lines of reasoning of all the characters, including the villains. If you have never been satisfied with superhero stories so far and consider them silly, watch this movie and you will never have the same opinion again, and you will see that reality is much more like comic fiction than you think.Film seen on August 15, 2020.
10 This latest Batman film disappointed a lot of people....but not me. I appreciated it because they didn't overdo the violence, didn''t have a stupid romance angle to muddy up the real story, and fount it an interesting history of how Batman became Batman. The first hour of this "prequel" dealt with his origins. If you're a fan of the comic book stories and the other Batman films, this part in the film should not bore you. It was like a documentary to me, about a topic I was interested in. In fact, on the second viewing I enjoyed this even more.Christian Bale did a fine job as the latest Batman. It's too bad there have been so many actors playing this role, ruining the continuity of this latest series. I hope Bale continues with a few more efforts with this character.It was nice to see Michael Caine in the role of "Alfred." He was excellent and the stabilizing force of the story. Katie Holmes did not have anywhere near as big a role, or romantic one, as I expected, and that was fine with me. I just enjoyed looking at her face, leaving it go at that. Gary Oldman was also interesting as a low-key young detective Gordon who would go on to become Commissioner Gordon in all the other episodes (but, once again, played by another actor.)The film ends with what would be the beginning of the first Batman, featuring "The Joker."After having seen all the Batman films several times, I now think is the best of them all....perhaps an unpopular choice, but that's my opinion. Don't let the naysayers keep you from watching this movie. You might be missing the best of the Batmans!
6 The first time I watched "Batman Begins" I can't really claim to have been overly impressed with this origins story, and I remember finding the characters sort of plain and the story equally so.Now, several years later, watching the movie on TV, I am a bit surprised to say that the movie is actually a lot better this time. And the storyline actually had more depth and flavor than I remembered.Christian Bale is unquestionably the best chance for portraying Batman and Bruce Wayne, and manages to take the character and his performance one step further with each successive movie.The characters in the movie were adequate, although the Scarecrow character wasn't really fully utilized, nor given as much time on the screen as I would have liked. And Cillian Murphy was an interesting choice of actor for this role; not a bad choice, mind you. Gary Oldman and Michael Caine are also excellently cast for their roles.Chris Nolan also turned out to be the director with the most interesting approach to directing Batman movies.
8 Finally, after the previous 2 outings of the caped crusader, the Batman franchise is back on track. Having been a big comic collector over the years and a long time fan of the Dark Knight, I was especially disappointed by 'Forever' and 'Batman and Robin'. To me, these film lost the essence of what drives Bruce Wayne to do what he does and turned Batman into more of a pop star than misunderstood hero.Thankfully though, Nolan has gone back to the roots of the character, portraying a confused and angry Bruce Wayne, who ultimately rises to become Gotham's greatest champion. Don't expect to see loads of shots of Batman in this film though. It is the story of Wayne and focuses mainly on his years of training and preparation for becoming Batman. You are almost teased throughout the first half of the movie, waiting to see the excellent Christian Bale in the costume, as it keeps holding back to keep you in anticipation. When Batman does finally turn up on screen, it is well worth the wait. In my opinion, Bale was born for this role and for the first time when watching a Batman film, I enjoyed the scenes of Wayne being Wayne as much as Wayne being Batman.One of the strongest features of the film, is the way that it manges to suck you in believe that a 'Batman' could be a reality one day. The technology is current, with no use of silly OTT weapons and gadgets, again making the film work by today's standards. Plus, we are not allowed to forget that Batman is still just a man under the costume and there are times when he gets a bit of a kicking and shows that he can be vulnerable too, something we sometimes forget when watching a superhero flick. Gone too, are the silly villains!!! Jack Nicholson was the perfect Joker but from there it went downhill. Thankfully, in this movie the bad guys are actually fairly 'normal' and manage to be menacing at the same time.Which finally brings me to the cast. I always had high expectations for this film when the cast was announced. Let's face it, what a line up! Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman, Gary Oldman, Liam Neeson, Katy Holmes, Ken Watanabe and Tom Wilkinson are not to be sniffed at. Even an old favourite of mine makes an appearance: Rutger Hauer! Awesome. Actors of this calibre would never have gotten involved in this project if they didn't have faith in Christoper Nolan's talents and thankfully they took the leap...For the comic book fans out there, waiting to see this movie, let me assure you that you won't be upset. Imagine the darkness of the 'A Death In The Family' and the 'Year One' story lines. I have never met a fan of Batman who didn't love these books. Well, this is the kind of Batman you can expect from Bale: Dark, brooding and tortured by his past, yet the hero we have come to love. For those of you who are not comic fans, then just look forward to seeing how Batman should be. This film is a credit to Bob Kane's original vision and a testament to all the talented artists and writers who keep the legend of the Dark Knight alive in the comic books today....Thank you Mr. Nolan and thank you Mr. Bale. In fact thanks to everyone who worked on this film. Batman finally Begins from here....
9 And the many Batmans that will follow.
The anti-mob and anti-corporate messaging, the serious acting, the character development are all insanely good.
There is in this film one virtue that covers everything else - this is a story. I compare this film with chess - after every turn or word of this or that hero the situation changes and the alignment of forces acquires a new character.
10 Batman Begins (2005) is actually great reboot of The Dark Knight trilogy and a start of the origin tale of Batman, but is not the best one in the series, that will be The Dark Knight (2008). Batman Begins is strayed from the comic books. My DC comic super hero on a 1st rank will always be Batman I always love Batman from comic books, cartoons and movies more than other superheroes. The first time I saw this movie, I didn't like it because I thought, it was boring and I didn't got the story. I grew up with Batman (1989) Michael Keaton and I did too loved much more than this one. But than I kept watching and watching it and I fall in love it, It always entertained me. In my opinion Christopher Nolan's and Burton's Batman are all great movies. If it weren't for its amazing sequel this would be the greatest superhero film ever made. The film that started it all... a Batman film but with a more realistic, gritty and original approach. If your a fan of Batman and you haven't seen this you are going to LOVE every minute. It is smart, innovative, awe-inspiring and for a bat-fan, iconic. Christopher Nolan focuses on the origin and story behind a man standing against justice rather than the quirky early attempts. Its just a shame that this isn't as popular as The Dark Knight because it deserves the glory just as much. If your new and you've only just seen TDK, watch this purely because it catapulted this reinvention of a hero to great heights. TDK has the rise of The Clown Prince Of Crime and the escallation that was inevitable. Batman Begins has the creation of Batman and the lengths of which he had to go in order to combat injustice in a city that did not know justice. Watch this, it is a classic. What I like in Batman Begins is the origin story. I like that the movie focus on a comic book movie sadly Burton Batman doesn't follow on Batman origin story but follows more Joker story and I didn't pay for this movie to see Katie Holmes but naked and to be laid I am glad he didn't do that don't get me wrong but I don't like action hero's that always, always get a girl at the end of the movie and get laid I hate that! I am glad this was the beginning of Batman and the film took a different turn. Bruce Wayne (Christian Bale) did not get laid or get the girl once. I love this movie and I am true Batman fan I always was more Batman fan than a Superman fan. Bruce Wayne being trained and been ninja the long path how he become Batman the fighting the suit the climbing the wall. Car chases, action sequences are awesome! The actors: Christian Bale is an excellent darker Batman. He acted perfectly his role as Bruce and Batman the same time. I love Liam Neeson I think that actor did a wonderful convincing performance as Ducard/Ra's Al Ghul. He deserve a credit for his role that this movie redeem it self. Liam Neeson was terrific awesome convincing actor. This role was one of the reason why I become Liam Neeson fan and I enjoy his new action thrillers: Taken, Walk Among the Tombstones , Non-Stop, Taken 2 and Unknown. Rutger Hauer was awesome did you know he had a small role in comic book series Smallville? He was in Season 3 Episode 1 & 2. Cillian Murphy was great as Scarecrow! I love him and Tom Wilkinson was awesome too! Gary Oldman was amazing as Jim Gordon.Things I don't like in this movie: Batman Begins was really slow, the first hour of the movie was boring and really dramatic. The fighting sequence in this movie were shot to close with camera so we barely see a any fights between Batman and Ra's Al Ghul. Bruce Wayne blamed him self for his parents death. It wasn't his fault! The murder of his parents was too much dramatic too much for my eyes and Katie Holmes sadly I don't like her in this movie I would replace her with Maggie Gyllenhall or any other actress. I thought Maggie portrayed Rachel Dawes much better and made a better job in the sequel than Katie Holmes did. The fight between Batman and Ras' Al Ghul on a train I don't like it. Because the fight scene is too close, you can barely see who hit's who. That is the thing, that bothers me the most in this movie. The fight scenes in Burton's Batman are so much better, awesome than in Christopher Nolan's Batman and he could have made the fights scenes believable like Burton did. Peace <3./: I love this movie and it is a 9 by me. Batman Begins is a 2005 epic superhero film based on the fictional DC Comics character Batman, co-written and directed by Christopher Nolan9/10 Score: A- Studio: Warner Bros, Legendary Pictures, DC Comics Starring: Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Liam Neeson, Katie Holmes, Gary Oldman, Cillian Murphy, Tom Wilkinson, Rutger Hauer, Ken Watanabe, Morgan Freeman Director: Christopher Nolan Producers: Charles Roven, Emma Thomas, Larry Franco Screenplay: Christopher Nolan, David S. Goyer Story by David S. Goyer Based on Characters appearing in comic books published by DC Comics Rated: PG-13 Running Time: 2 Hrs. 20 Mins. Budget: $150.000.000 Box Office: $372,710,015
13 March 2008 Batman Begins (2005) *** 1/2 (out of 4) Hooray, I finally enjoyed a Batman movie. Everything wrong with the previous four films is corrected here and since this movie got everything right I can now forget the first four films and just hope future sequels contain the same level of darkness, character and story development. What I enjoyed most about this film was that the characters were so well written and the Bruce Wayne character was given just as much strength as his Batman ego. I wasn't sure what to expect from Christian Bale but I'm glad the director kept his darkness and didn't try to lighten him up as an actor. The supporting players were also very well acted with a cast to die for. Liam Neeson, Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman are serious actors and they helped bring some seriousness to this comic book tale. It was also great seeing Gary Oldman playing a good guy. I always love rooting for his villains so rooting for him as a good guy just added more charm to the film. The only real weakness I found with the film was the poison gas, which just never really grabbed me as anything too interesting.
7 Batman redone. It gives us a new origin of Batman (Christian Bale) and how he got his powers and such. He still plays playboy Bruce Wayne while fighting evil as Batman. His first two villains are the Scarecrow (Cillain Murphy) who produces intense fear in his victim with a gas and Ra's Al Ghul--who trained Batman and knows ALL his weaknesses.OK--it's MUCH better then Tim Burton's dreadful movies but I still wasn't too impressed. I didn't like the new origin at all and it's a full hour before Batman even shows up! It does have good parts--Bale is dead on perfect as Bruce Wayne AND Batman. He also pumped up for the role (we have at least two shirtless scenes). It LOOKS great (if very dark) and it has elaborate special effects left and right (with tons of explosions thrown in too). But I was mostly bored. The training sequence at the beginning just went on endlessly--it was more like The Shadow's origin than Batmans. Also this movie was WAY too heavy on darkness and atmosphere. At one point it was raining and I noticed nobody in Gotham pulled in their clothes from their lines. This isn't nit picking but obviously it was all out there to add an "atmosphere" to the scene. Also when you find yourself worrying about little things like that the movie just isn't doing its job (i.e. entertaining you). However Batman's costume, the Batcave and the Batmobile are all explained pretty logically.Acting varies--Bale was just great. Michael Caine (as Alfred) matched him. Even Katie Holmes (a limited actress) was good--too bad she won't be in the sequel (this inexplicable romance/marriage with Tom Cruise is destroying her career). Laim Neeson was very dull as a teacher--he appeared to be drugged out. Gary Olman was (suprisingly) terrible as Jim Gordon--he seems VERY unsure of how to play the role. But Rutger Hauer, Linus Roache (who bears an uncanny resemblance to Bale) and Morgan Freeman were all great.To be totally honest I looked at my watch more than once. I couldn't wait for this thing to get over. All the praise this is getting is beyond me. I give it a 7--and that's mostly for the acting.
9 Knives Out is really a classic story of it's kind set in modern day with Daniel Craig even playing a very clear Hercule Poirot type character. There's a bit more humor and self-awareness than a lot of those classic stories, but never to the degree that it takes away from the twists and the mysteries. And there are some good twists. In fact one of the biggest mysteries is revealed midway through the movie which actually led me to check the time thinking "damn, are we near the end already?" but nope, they were just taking the movie on a left turn to Albuquerque that I did not anticipate and changed the course of the whole thing. Johnson has constructed a great mystery in the spirit of the classics. The fun of it too is how many twists there are without it ever feeling overdone. In that way also you can predict a few twists, but not another, so have fun feeling smart and still feel surprised by the others. It's just a classic fun film of its type.
8 What an excellent film by Rian Johnson; definitely feels like the film he was destined to make. Writing that is slick as hell, sublime performances (most notably Daniel Craig who brings his A-game in a wonderfully charismatic turn), superb editing and wonderfully atmospheric music - all tied together by masterful direction. Will probably be among the most fun you have at a theatre this year and fans of Agatha Christie and old murder mystery stories will have plenty to love here - a nostalgically entertaining time!
8 With the exception of my wife and daughter, and possibly my mother, Agatha Christie is the woman whom I love most on this planet. She truly was the most gifted and brilliant fiction writer who ever lived, and it rejoices me to see that her work still inspires other writers and filmmakers nowadays; more than forty years after she passed away. There are still many adaptations of her original work, but with "Knives Out", writer/director Rian Johnson attempts something entirely different. It's abundantly clear that Johnson was inspired by all of Christie's typical trademarks and hobby-horses, and he pays tribute to her most legendary characters and favorite settings, but the plot of "Knives Out" is entirely new and scripted directly for the screen. A good old-fashioned murder mystery/whodunit set in the enormous mansion of a wealthy family, full of eccentric people each of whom have dirty little secrets, convoluted plot twists, continuous red herrings that practically make it impossible to guess along, and a fabulous all-knowing but slightly odd sleuth slowly unravelling the clues.Daniel Craig is downright terrific as Benoit Blanc, a private detective with a bizarre accent and weird one-liners, hired by someone anonymous to dig deeper into the strange and sudden death of patriarch Harlan Thrombey. It looks like suicide, but literally every greedy member of Harlan's bloodline had a motive for killing and - also in delightful Agatha Christie tradition - the plot even thickens after the reading of the will. It would be a shame to reveal too much about the plot, but rest assured that is refreshing and inventive, compelling as well as humorous, complex but simultaneously light-headed and 200% entertaining. The cast is phenomenal. Craig clearly enjoyed depicting a heroic protagonist that is the complete opposite of his James Bond character, and the Thrombey family exclusively exists of great talents, including Jamie Lee Curtis, Michael Shannon, Toni Colette, Christopher Plummer and Don Johnson. "Knives Out" is perhaps slightly too long, but never tedious, and very well-directed by Rian Johnson (who honestly doesn't deserve all this hatred from disappointed "Star Wars" geeks)
8 It was very hard to say no to watching 'Knives Out' and it was one of my most anticipated films since it came out. It was due to being busy and personal problems that stopped me from seeing it sooner. A lot drew me in to watching it. Absolutely love murder mysteries and seeing a lot of comparisons to one of my favourite authors Agatha Christie and the starry cast were reasons enough for me to see it, as well as the great reviews.Found myself really enjoying, if not quite loving, 'Knives Out'. Can understand why it may not be for all, if one doesn't like seeing and hearing the truth much earlier on than they would expect, and it is easy to see the ridiculing for Daniel Craig's Southern accent (which is admittedly atrocious). Can totally understand its appeal and why it was so positively received though, because to me it was a well made, well acted and cleverly written film that shows that director Rian Johnson does have a great film in him. While not perfect or one of the best films ever made (though was not expecting 'The Godfather' or 'Casablanca' etc), it is a long way from being a 1/10 film, putting it down there with most of the films riffed on MST3K, films from SyFy and the Asylum, 'Home Alone 4', 'NeverEnding Story 3', 'Titanic: The Animated Movie' and the Baby Geniuses films is insulting. As far as 2019 goes, it is towards being one of the better films of that year if not one of the very best.'Knives Out' had potential to be even better than it was. If it didn't overdo or repeat too much the vomiting running gag and slowed the final solution down (a suitably complicated one that is explained a little too fast for my liking) it would have been a better film.Wouldn't have said no to the truth (well some of it was) being revealed later than it was, though even when it was placed when it was it was still in the final solution not at all what things initially seemed. The film is a little overlong as well.However, so much works here. 'Knives Out' looks great, full of atmospheric colour, beautiful locations (the interiors of the house are especially atmospheric), stylishly photographed and slickly edited. Nathan Johnson's score has menace and energy, without feeling overused or over-scored. Johnson directs expertly with a clear love for the genre being sent up.It is a cleverly scripted film too, shining especially in the smart and affectionate 70s murder mystery throwbacks and deliciously salty one liners and insults from Ransom. The story never felt dull to me and even when things seemed obvious too early some ingenious unexpected twists are brought in. Can totally see how Johnson was so influenced by Christie's writing, evidenced from as early on as the terrific opening sequence and with Christopher Plummer's patriarch character (a type of character seen frequently in Christie's books). A fine example of how to bring freshness to a very familiar genre often visited, while the final solution is incredibly clever though demands full attention.Moreover, the ensemble cast, one of the best from that year, clearly have a ball. There is some delicious deadpan but also some inspired but not overdone scenery-chewing. Accent aside, Craig does a great job breaking away from his Bond image and revels being comedic in a laconic way. Plummer (RIP) is perfectly cast and while his screen time is not large he makes the absolute most of it. Ana De Armas has one of the most difficult roles and shows no signs of being taxed. Jamie Lee Curtis, Toni Collette, Don Johnson and Michael Shannon all give it everything they've got. My favourite performance came from Evans, also breaking away from typecasting, he was never this witty or salty.Overall, very, very good. 8/10
8 No, it wasn't perfect. No it was not Academy Award material. But it was a delightful story with lots of classic whodunnit elements. I thought we got to know each character well and, like in an Agatha Christie novel, fulfilled their roles. I thought Craig did a nice job and kept things moving along. Plummer was good in his limited screen time. Once again, I'm so fed up with people who decide that IMDB presents an opportunity to destroy a valid system by giving a movie such as this a rating of One. Do you really think this film ranks down there with Alligator Women on Venus. That's what the One ratings are for. It's usually because a film gets a little hype and those with no imagination or who are unhappy with their lives feel the need to throw everything off. Use lower ratings, but try to show some objectivity.
9 Nothing was typical about this. Everything was beautifully done in this movie, the story, the flow, the scenario, everything.
I highly recommend it for mystery lovers, for anyone who wants to watch a good movie!
8 Great movie that really does have all the hallmarks of the classic murder mystery. The story is fairly typical, there is a shocking death, everyone has their motives, and piece by piece the truth is pulled together by a sleuth, in this case Benoit Blanc (great name), who comes across as a more modern version of Hercule Poirot.To discuss the story, is to give away the twists and turns it takes, which are delightful. Tension is maintained really well throughout the film as you constantly try to guess and workout where this mystery is going, and even right at the end the twist that comes doesn't do anything to release that tension until literally the last 1min of the movie.The real joy though is in an all star A-list cast all performing at the top of their game, and working so well together. In many cases playing against type which is a joy to watch. If you're a fan of murder mystery, then this is a much watch!
9 Sometimes I am shocked when I see a great film...only to see it has an incredibly low overall score on IMDB. This is definitely the case with "Knives Out"....a great film by writer/director Rian Johnson that I strongly recommend you see. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if this one receives some Oscar nominations...it's that good."Knives Out" is like an Agatha Christie novel set in modern day America and with American characters. But it's not just a homage to Christie-style films but a genuinely good and unique film in its own right. Kudos to many of the actors...particularly Daniel Craig. I thought Craig was miscast as a Southern American detective....but he carried it off wonderfully.Overall, I have no complaints...nothing I disliked or would do differently. In fact, it was so good I nearly gave it a 10....and I completely enjoyed the movie.
6 I have read the many glowing reviews for this film and I honestly don't get it. Yes, there were some very funny and entertaining parts. It was a very good ensemble cast. Daneil Craig does his best Kevin Spacey as Frank Underwood impression. But beyond that, I found the cast woefully underused. Jamie Lee Curtis, Don Johnson etc. I expected Jamie Lee to play a major role but she seemed more like window dressing. She also, as the daughter, appeared to have no real motive for the murder. So the real crime here was her underuse. 1/2 of the members of the family had no motive mentioned. Then, when the "murder" was revealed at the half way point, it was clear Martha did not really do it and was being set up. Chris Evans conveniently shows up at the halfway point with lines, so the reveal, for the most part is painfuly obvious, or at least most of it. The give-aways were pretty obvious, like granny saying "Random, you're back AGAIN" or the comment on how the dogs barked only with certain people. The mention of the "slayer" law was very, very obvious. I understand this is a parody of the sleuth genre but shouldn't there be at least some surprises?Nor do I believe this is a "commentary" on our situation today. Yes, there was a dialogue thrown in on immigration but nothing new was covered here.That is not to say it is a bad film. Daniel Craig and the cast seemed to be having a ball. Lots of kooky things happened. But I think this is better for a late-nite Netflix watch.I certainly don't see it as being "best of the year."
10 Beautifully filmed and thought out very well which to me is good enough! Great ensemble cast that did excellent acting among adding hilarious parts in many scenes. Absolutely love Daniel Craig and Ana De Amas did awesome! I'm sure Knives Out has mixed opinions but I am very glad I got to see an early screening.
6 Have to say I was a little disappointed by this, not because it isn't good. Arguably it is, but no doubt because so many rave reviews suggested this would be outstandingly good, which it isn't. So as with so many films your experience & enjoyment will depend on the expectations you bring with you.Overall I think nearly everyone will enjoy this, particularly those who are tired of the standard fair of superhero movies or bloated CGI. Having said that while this is a far more intelligent kind of movie than the comparisons it is not entirely atypical of Hollywood. One of the good things or bad things about the movie depending on your point of view is the unstated but clearly evident political commentary beneath, but not always beneath, the surface and while this might add to your enjoyment if you like your bourgeois country house mysteries subtly subverted it's difficult not to be aware throughout that the politics on show is likely to inform the solution to the movie, which without giving too much away it ultimately does.What is genuinely enjoyable is Daniel Craig's slightly preposterous turn as a southern detective with an laid on thick accent to match. The rest of the cast features some big names, but unfortunately as others have pointed out they don't always have that much to do. Jamie Lee Curtis and Toni Collette are pretty much wasted as arguably is Don Johnson.The Plot of course in any whodunnit is the biggest player of all, and while it's quite good, it isn't that good or that original. The key device upon which the solution depends is fairly basic and the solution may or may not be guessable (for the record I didn't work out who did it, but did work out the mechanism involved). If one compares this with mysteries that pose genuine conundrums and puzzlement Knives Out falls somewhat short. A part of the problem is that for much of the film it isn't clear how any crime could have taken place and for that reason one has to place trust in the story that a crime really has taken place. In the event we discover a crime did take place but given its virtual imperceptibility it never came across as in any way shocking or sinister.Perhaps the best aspect of the film, aside of Daniel Craig, was the fact that the Johnston achieves a quite nice balance between the comedy & the thriller aspects which actually makes this film a more pleasant experience than it might have been the case had it just been a straight up thriller. I'll probably be in the minority on this one but in that respect though I'd have to say I probably enjoyed Adam Sandler & Jennifer Aniston's Murder Mystery more than this, including with regard to the solution. Knives Out is the better film overall but not quite as good as it - or anyone else I'd venture - thinks it is. Still enjoyable though
8 As a fan of mysteries (Sherlock Holmes, Poirot, Columbo, Monk, Psych.etc.) I was thrilled to see someone making a classic style whodunnit...and the cast! Figure you can't go wrong. Well I enjoyed it & while the cast all have time to shine it is Daniel Craig with his Southern drawl & especially Ana de Armas that steal the show. For anyone keeping away because they hated The Last Jedi...I agree, it was my least favourite of all the Star Wars films, but this is a well written film that was well acted and I can only hope this will inspire others to reinvigorate the murder mystery genre.
4 The movie plays like the worst episode of COLUMBO you have ever seen, only this time it features Daniel Craig attempting to imitate Foghorn Leghorn. Learn from my mistake and avoid this turkey.
4 Being a middle aged Englishman I've been brought up on a diet of murder mystery stories and in many respects I've been spoilt. When the stories have translated from book to screen the production value is almost always secondary to the good conjunct story. I was very excited, having read the reviews, that seemingly in the case of 'Knives Out' I would be getting a rare trinity of a good story, good actors and good production. It certainly has two of the three. Unfortunately this film thinks it's cleverer than it is. It's simply a story of a privileged family and their pettiness with a rather trivial murder mystery chucked in as a contrivance to get them all together. Rian Johnson attempts to display the worst nature of the privileged minority with all the subtlety of a man screaming 'I am woke' at the top of his lungs at anybody who'll listen. Unfortunately subtlety and nuance are what makes for a good mystery story, you need to pay attention so as not to miss anything. With this film you could miss probably the middle third of the film and you'd not be any less aware of what's happening. A bit of a shame really.
9 A joy to watch from start to finish. Excellently filmed and very clever. The cast all hit the mark. Charismatic Daniel Craig shines throughout. Even Chris Evans shows he can be much more, or maybe less like Captain America than ever. Murder mystery's don't get much better than this.I admit I was a skeptic, given my distaste for Johnson's Last Jedi. But I was pleasantly surprised from the get go. The script is smart and captivating. So kudos to you Mr. Johnson for a well written and directed piece of cinema. I will watch your next film with anticipation.
6 I saw the film a few months back and now that I noticed it is available for home watch decided to check the eating again, as at the time it was way too high in my opinion. I thought it would have gone down. It has not. Did I miss something spectacular about this film? Do I not have a sense of humor? I don't get it. It was ok. A bit slow. And absolutely nothing special. I think the ending was revealed too early and the twist was not suprising nor did I care about it. Weird.
6 I'm a mystery lover and have seen and read every Agatha Christie tale. I found this movie very slow for the first half. Second half picked up but again there was no deep mystery of whodunit, nor the charm and period atmosphere of a Poirot episode (which I can watch over and over - thank you David Suchet and the other main actors). The lead actress was very attractive, but the vomiting was definitely disgusting to watch, as well as ridiculously unbelievable (I guess that was the funny part?). Some of the characters had been under the sunlamp too many times or smoked way too often and looked weather-beaten. Did not like the sucking on cigars constantly. The last part was more entertaining and finally there was the rapid-fire conclusion thank the Lord. Agree that Daniel Craig with that southern accent was just super annoying. Great grandmother bored me after first moments of her being silent in an odd hat. Over and over. It moved pretty slowly for me at times. I guess I'm in a minority on this one. I'm not saying it was terrible but it was not a great movie for me.
9 Knives Out (4.5 out of 5 stars).Knives Out is a mystery murder crime film which you will have a lot of fun with this Clue like concept as Detective Benoit Blanc (Daniel Craig) tries to solve a murder. This kind of film reminds me like Murder at the Orient Express. But a little more fun and entertaining. Rian Johnson direction and his witty script makes this movie worth watching. It is fun, there are surprises, and twist and turns.The plot follows Harlan (Christopher Plummer) who is a patriarch and owns a lot. After he was mysteriously found dead and presumed it was a suicide. A private investigator Benoit Blanc is hired to solve the mystery. With the family being on the will and are wanting their share of Harlan's property and company. Blanc believes there is a suspect that is at large within the family.The film's plot is a little slow moving. It is a lot of fun. Blanc interviewing every family member Ranson (Chris Evans) who is the black sheep of the family. Linda (Jamie Lee Curtis) and her husband Richard (Don Johnson). Walt (Michael Shannon). Meg (Katherine Langford). Jacob (Jaeden Martell). Joni (Toni Collette). And their house nanny Marta (Ana de Armas). The cast ensemble was great. The performances are fun and entertaining.The film is filled with surprises with twist and turns. Definitely best seeing without reading or looking up spoilers about it. I would love to see another movie of this.Overall, Knives Out is a really good film. If you are into the murder mystery kind of movie. This would be it.
1 What a truly painful film. It felt like it was never going to end. I couldn't have cared less about any of the characters or how the old bloke died.Amateurish acting and Daniel Craig's accent was shockingly bad. I always thought he was a good actor but after this shambles I have changed my point of view.The film dragged on and on and on with very predictable twists here and there, but due to poor character development and as all were totally dislikeable why would we care. Obviously we are supposed to root for the nurse but whatever.Don't believe the hype with this. It's boring, close up face shots throughout which would be better for TV, cringeworthy lead from Craig and no dynamic direction or cinematography.I'll never get that time back or money.Pathetic.
8 Good story with a creative and effective delivery. Very well written screenplay with all loose ends tied up together and reasonable foreshadowing and morals that echoes throughout, but there weren't any striking moments even to the point of final reveal, possibly due to the addition of yet more details approaching the end in an attempt to create a (slightly) forced satisfying end. Unnecessary characters and scenes that serve little to no purpose in the story other than for comedic effect were present, which maybe one of the reasons why audience may have a sense of emptyness when leaving the theatre. Nonetheless, Knives Out remains a fresh form of storytelling that is trying to achieve and convey more than your ordinary murder mystery.
10 Knives Out is an incredibly complex whodunit that skillfully subverts expectations, switches between multiple genres easily and effectively and only gets better with multiple viewings. It's also surprisingly extremely funny and expertly paced. All of it's incredible cast are excellent but Chris Evans, Daniel Craig and Ana De Armas give the standout performances. Rian Johnson's direction is incredible and the film is extremely well filmed. The music by Nathan Johnson is fantastic.
5 The movie is a "meh" but Mr. Craig's voice is just stupidily wrong...!
5 I say it's nothing special and I'm not a Star Wars fanatic. I've never even seen the film people are so angry about, so my review is based purely on my experience of watching this film, Knives Out.I definitely expected more. If it's meant to be amusing, it pretty much failed on that score. This film would be better suited as a TV movie, if they even make them anymore, or something to pop up on Netflix. I didn't pay to see it and I'd feel I'd wasted my money if I had.Visually it was enjoyable-I mean the location, the house, the production values. the family members were an unattractive bunch, so nothing to look at there. Daniel Craig's "southern" accent became grating after awhile, and I was squirming a bit with boredom, waiting for it to be over. And, when it was, my reaction was "So what? Who cares?" I can hardly remember any of it and I just watched it in the last couple of hours.Convoluted, unrealistic and tedious, like a lot of Agatha Christie stories. How this has ended up on some people's Best Films of 2019 lists is beyond me. It was okay; nothing special.
7 When the millionaire writer Harlan Thrombey (Christopher Plummer) is found dead at home, the police investigate his apparent suicide together with the famous private investigator Benoit Blanc (Daniel Craig), who was mysteriously hired by someone interested in finding if Harlan was killed. They interview the dysfunctional family members and the servants that lived or worked with Harlan in his mansion but when his testament is opened, the investigation presents twists and surprises."Knives Out" is an entertaining but overrated film in the style of Agatha Christie. Benoit Blanc is a kind of Sherlock Holmes and the cast is excellent. The screenplay begins without any character development and the viewer learns the characters along the investigation. Consequently the beginning is a little boring. But it is worthwhile watching this film without expecting the hype around. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): "Entre Facas e Segredos" ("Between Knives and Secrets")
9 Knives Out is a 2019 film directed by Rian Johnson and starring Daniel Craig, Chris Evans and Ana de Armas.
I absolutely adored this film, it was fantastic!
Possibly even my personal favourite film of last year, even though I don't think it's the best.
The cast is probably the best part of the film, Craig and Evans in particular are very good but I also really liked Michael Shannon, Don Johnson, Jamie Lee Curtis, Toni Collette and of course Christopher Plummer although I would say that Jaeden Martell diserved a bigger roll, he was pretty good on 2017's It.
The story is incredibly interesting with great twists however I was sadly spoiled by a tumbnail of a Youtube video so I already knew the ending ):
Finnaly I also really liked the set design, as Detective Elliot puts it: "The guy basically lives in a Cluedo board".
9.2/10
7 Beast because many had expectation they were disappointed.Movie seems to attract children and Family. It was not boring as reviewed by many. Vijay has that charm that no one can break it with reviews nor point out his remuneration etc. Comedy was good, music and dance was excellent. Editor Nirmal has done justice. Overall a good movie.
3 I had high expectations from this film but the film didn't work on any level the comedy fall flat. To be fair the film did start well but at the end of it i wanted my money backThe problem with Beast is that it has a protagonist who is too strong given a mission that never seems to be a challenge. The terrorists hardly seem dangerous.The film is bogged down by the lack of inventiveness. There is no powerful villain to take on Vijay and make the proceedings interesting. It is Vijay's show all the way and he headlines this clichd thriller.Without a doubt this is one of the most sillyist film Vijay has done very terrible film.
3 Beast (2022) :
Movie Review -Nelson's last film, "Doctor", was truly a new attempt in the action-comedy genre for the Tamil audience. Yes, it had those avoidable spoofs that were planted to please the hardcore masses, which disturbed the seriousness of the storyline, but otherwise, it made for a good watchable flick. With Beast, he goes completely massy with superstar Vijay, only to spoil the basic, simple rules of filmmaking. On the other hand, Vijay is also coming from an average flick, "Master", but it was saved by the director Lokesh Kanagaraj. Beast gives him a full-scale, massy avatar but not style and logic. If you remember watching Bruce Willis starrer "Die Hard" (1988), or the recent Hindi adaptation of it, "Sanak" (2021), then I don't think the story of Beast has anything new for you, except the action and hardcore patriotism. Just imagine those two films with regional comedy flavours, and the closest possible outcome is Beast.The film is about a talented and patriotic RAW agent, Veer Raghavan, who quits his job after one sad and unwanted incident. Even after quitting RAW, the trauma stays with him as he tries to cure it with the help of a psychiatrist. With the help of his girlfriend, Preeti (Pooja Hegde), he gets a job in a company and visits a shopping mall, which eventually gets hijacked by terrorists. Veer decides to save the hostages for the sake of mental peace, which has got something to do with that old trauma. What challenges he has to face during the battle and how he handles terrorists and politicians to complete the mission is all that forms the rest of the narrative.The screenplay here is very problematic. You have no clue about the number of terrorists in there, as Veer finishes them off easily and yet has many more left. Veer's strategies are sometimes successful, while others fail, but he has counter-strategies for every terrorist move. There are a lot of surprises in store, and some are really interesting, but I just can't spoil them here. What brings Beast down is the poor writing and illogical screenplay. The film is hampered by unnecessary comedy because it ruins the importance of a damn serious event like the hijack. You can't have any explanation for hostages having fun and cracking jokes during the hijack. The romance and jealousy parts were too cheesy to accept. Come on, you are the hostages under the attack of dangerous terrorists, so please show some little amount of fear.Veer Raghavan is a tailor-made role for Thalapathy Vijay. He has his swag, that style that makes his fans go crazy, and a larger-than-life stature in the film. Pooja Hegde has good screen space, thankfully, and she plays a pretty enjoyable role here. There is very little scope for Pooja and Vijay's chemistry because the entire theme happens in a survival mode, but they have a start and a fantastic song together. Yogi Babu does what he does best: comedy! Beast gives every supporting cast member a fair amount of screen time. Selvaraghavan, Redin Kingsley, Bjorn Surrao, Aparna Das, Shaji Chen, Shine Tom Chacko and Ankur Ajit Vikal all appear at intervals throughout the film.Anirudh has delivered another foot-tapping chartbuster with 'Arabic Kuthu'. The full video song is nothing short of a musical and dance treat for Vijay and Pooja Hegde fans. What dance moves does Vijay have, man. Killer! And how gorgeous Pooja Hedge looks in that ethenic look. Just wait for the full video song to be released, and you will go Gaga over it. But we have that energetic background score here to make you groove to it. The dialogues could've been better considering the swag of Vijay he had in Thupakki, Mersal, Sarkar and Master. I mean, this man is the darling of the masses, so he deserves better dialogues that can create mass hysteria in auditoriums. However, the action is pleasant. No matter how sordid the pre-action conditions are, the stylish action sequences are a sight for sore eyes.After the poor writing, if any person is to be blamed, then it has to be director Nelson Dilipkumar. That awkward vision to carry forward a mediocre storyline is no less than a big mistake. Nelson makes mistakes, repetitively, and that's what hurts the film the most. Those errors in illogical situations can be forgiven, but not the logical confirmation of the director. Why are those comedy scenes needed when you are supposed to make an action thriller, that too with a concept of hijack? It was fine with Doctor because the protagonist was fighting the battle alone, rather than with a crowd of hundreds of people surrounding him. Nelson could have removed the cringe plotting here and Beast could have easily made it a watchable affair. Sadly, that doesn't happen, and the film succumbs to its outdated storyline and lukewarm presentation. Overall, the beauty of Pooja Hegd and the Beast mode of Vijay may please some of their fans, but not others. It's torture for them.RATING - 3/10*
5 Nothing new in the story..but the treatment is a bit fresh.Screenplay is uninteresting.Some comedy scenes are good some are bad.Action episodes are good.Some serious scenes are silly.Vijay is at his best.Pooja is...u know..Songs and BGM are good.Cinematography and Production design are decent.Special mention-Editing is very good.This is not a very good movie but you can watch as weekend time pass..
1 If you are hard-core vijay fan then its OK otherwise skip this movie. Screenplay & direction is very slow and boring. Beast is hyperly hyped headache movie. Over elevation & action.*Typical story line ( indian raw agent in action)
*A Full on Talapathy overacting over elevation show.*Screenplay is not strong
*Story line also not well narrated ( no twists dont expect anything
* If you got free 3 hour to spend and money go ahead.
1 This movie is action without any proper story line and script. Already 100 of hollywood movie and web series came with same story line. If you are Vijay fan then you may like otherwise nothing to watch. Very disappointed by nelson.
8 An ex RAW agent gets into the mission to save people at the hijacked mall.It was a good family entertainment film. Vijay is the one who completely steal the show. The presence of Vijay in each and every frame made the audience ecstatic. However the story line loss it's uniqueness the screenplay made it non boring but quite guessable. And also this film was completely logicless.Other artists, due to the lack of importance on their role in this film get wasted.Unlike the director's previous films, in Beast his touch completely fades though he tried to impose it.The editing was crisp and he didn't made the audience gets bored. He did his job well.And also the cinematography was impressive.The bgm really gives goosebumps but some score felt like 'heard somewhere' and also from the music director's previous films.Art department works were so good and they really gave their hard work in each and every scenes. VFX felt ok.Finally a good entertainment film though there's lot of flaws. All set of audiences enjoyed in the theatre. Especially family audience can definitely enjoy it. And also a treat for Vijay fans.
1 Predictable script ,no freshness, some action and comedy with no logic, cringy dialogues. I can't force anyone to not to watch this film its upon you.
1 During pandemic times, viewers pay hard earned money to see the movie and net result being dissatisfied, more so for the S. Indian diaspora. Everyone who has watched this on screen contributes to the 100 crores hero's salary and his future higher remuneration.The movie is a cherry picked and nit picked string of context from various English movies and European serials, stitched together.From the word get go, Eye in the Sky is plagiarised for the first 20 minutes. The mall take over, brings in line with Money Heist. Ending dog fight is a mix of Tom Cruise Top Gun and Arnold Schwarzenegger's True Lies. The middle portion of the movie is Die Hard, Bruce Willis, along with Sylvester Stallone Rambo killing style.Nelson has biten more than he can chew. At the end of the day it's a hefty pay package for Vijay and Nelson. Sun pictures perhaps can write off losses and / or, launder clean money.Yogi Babu and Redin, roles absolutely pointless.Nothing connects.Nelson would be a more critically acclaimed director if he follows his creativity than plug himself a square box into the circle of Vijay.It is better than Valimai, maybe.When you have absolutely nothing to do, if you are watching paint dry or grass grow, then watch this movie on OTT.You have not lost nor missed out on anything by giving this a miss.
10 Movie is good, no more boring, Some idiots talking negative, Vijay is one man army. This movie comedy and Action movie no sentiments in this movie that's it, interesting but some thing is missing, any way don't blame the movie is waste, movie is good  i like it. Some of them are saying that comparison with kgf2, don't with that, because kgf movie is a history the real story, Beast is a entertainment movie, kgf action and sentiments, no more comedy in that movie many people are comparing with kgf2, one thing I can say that kgf is no 1 movie, and Beast no 2 movie. Understand properly and don't talk as a rubbishly.
3 Very illogical story line also a very small story line with that movie falls accordingly. Aniruth does an aniruth again. He solely manage to bring out the best in him. But that too went in vein as there is no gripping story or screenplay or characters and all. Vijay is swaggy and damn smart but that didnt add much to the film as it is pointless. Nelson's datk comedy where? I thought he could however manage the film with his dark humor but that is totally missing and deeply disappointing. Overall its not even a celebrating occasions even for Vijay fans. Thats the worst case scenario here.
1 Beast has nothing new and Vijay is doing same type of role in his all movies,movie is slow and boring. Any thing happens any where. And trying to show wrong image of raw and home minister. Only Vijay character is good and waste of side actor and Pooja also.
10 It's not so bad as others say in reviews.. Story is pretty good May be the screenplay messed slightly.. Vijay was great i his dance .. Definitely can be watched with families .. Without any expectations the movie won't feel boring that is for sureMy rating would be Average or even slightly better than average .. Not very bad by any means.. I am not able to cook half star from my iPhone3.2 out of 5Price could have been 15$ instead of 20$ plus 3.29 in taxes.
4 Vijay makes 300crores box office movies every year with ease and this may also become one of those following the success of Master but overall for fans and as a movie it's a letdown.Movie lacks Drama, Plot, Purpose and A Good Ending.With the trailer it was very clear that 70-80% movie is going to be in Mall setting only. Nothing wrong Die Hard and Speed have done it in restricted setting but this movie had no drama and story spine to elevate audience interest to what's coming next.Whole movie is a treat for Anirudh fans and slow mo lovers.Cinematography is by far the best for 2022
Really happy to see the jet scene and CGI was spot on.Very much like Ironman scene.Went for morning first show
Paid 4x times
Took a leave from work
Convinced myself that this is going to be good
& returned home disappointed.Also need to mention few things
East Cost mall aerial shots were terrible (Probably shot on low end drones and hardly colour corrected/matched)
Opening was great
Wish the whole movie was about SPY living in POK and rescuing them as a normal Pakistani Localite against ISIS or ISS if they are afraid to take names.Chemistry between Both leads was pointless.Villain was hardly used to his potential just masked entire time like he's hardly given them any dates for shooting.Even the mask was a joke nothing to remember.Skating Fight was poorly choreographed and casting was poor too
Altaf was bad, Umar was a joke, Comedians were used anywhere and anytime.Highlights
Jet CGI
POK Scenes
Songs
BGM & Vijay Performance.
10 Different type of vijay film, Vijay played his role well,especially anirudh scored with his bgm. Stund scenes are extraordinary Overall a Good film.
1 Nothing in that Film , worst screenplay, and Nelson disappointed to all.. Then vijay action is very low.So Many scene Logically is impossible.Vijay Climax scene Playing video game.
1 As the director arrogantly said in an interview hes in this field to make money not make good movies. India has a much more mature audience now, make good movies or at least attempt to or find another profession.
6 Really disappointed, everything seems to be okay but the problem is, Why did Vijay choose this movie.Vijay gotta be more serious about selecting scripts, how can such a big star choose an unrealistic film.Despite good comedy elements, this film has nothing to talk about.I'm ashamed, this film was suppose to represent Tamil cinema!
5 A cliched, Vijay version of Die Hard with some inspiration from Money Heist set in a nonsensical comical world where the protagonist and everything he does, doesn't fit into. It seems that the director has his way of creating his world of characters who can be smart and dumb at the same time. But being a Vijay movie, the star only has a few ways that could be acceptable to his fans. On top of that action scenes which are just enough to take you out of the immersion and feel weird and the placement of songs like it was 15 years ago make it hard all around for this movie. There is a lot of stuff in the movie that could have just worked if they tweaked it a little bit. It's still a one time watch for fans of these types of action films.
1 Look at Nelson previous filmography, he made absolute content oriented films with stellar storyline and his films never overshadowed by the popularity of the star. But Vijay being vijay,made complete movie about him and made it a one man show and same with Nelson he made the film according to vijay mass image completely changing his original film making style. Worst movie please avoid.
1 This movie is a disaster. Zero logic, physics-dedying stunts, cringe-worthy stunts, nineteenth century storyline, and lack of good humour (VTV Ganesh comedy is not enjoyable). Overall this movie is a torture. Avoid this movie!!! Wait for Thalapathy-66.
6 Although I was always on the fence about how good a director Nelson Dilipkumar was, some endearing elements of his earlier ventures like "Kolamaavu Kokila (2018)" and "Doctor (2021)" included his ability to churn out humour in the most unexpected of circumstances as well as his attention to detail when it came to his character sketches. His latest release "Beast", however, falters on both fronts while also failing to provide adequate mass elevation scenes and fan service to even render it appreciable for Vijay aficionados.As the teasers and trailer mostly gave away, Vijay stars as "Veera Raghavan", a former intelligence operator who gets stuck in a mall Die Hard style while the establishment is run over by a gang of armed terrorists. How he uses his fists and wits to battle his way out of the seemingly intractable crisis and rescue the civilians trapped inside forms the rest of this cliched plotline. While one can forgive the predictability in the storyline, the superficial nature of the supporting cast makes the entire movie-watching experience go for a toss, with the antagonists especially reduced to mere caricatures, with no depth or character arcs to speak of.And the comedy that Nelson has made his hallmark fails to take off. While some one-liners from veteran VTV Ganesh manage to evoke some laughs, the normally dependable Yogi Babu and Redin Kingsley are given precious little creative dialogues to work with. The female protagonists-Pooja Hegde and Aparna Das, as with all recent Vijay movies, reduce to mere also-there tropes. It was particularly painful to watch Shine Tom Chacko, a character actor who won the admiration of millions of fans across the nation with his powerful performances in "Kurup (2021)" and "Bheeshma Parvam (2022)" reduced to such a lame-duck side role.Stunt sequences in superstar movies have always bordered on the implausible to the downright impossible but where Beast falters is in trying to also add quirkiness, the believability factor is reduced to nought as a whole while raising the cringe factor to full. With clear 'inspiration' taken from "Money Heist", at no point does any of the action choreography manage to wow you or catch you by surprise, despite having a superstar of Vijay's natural charisma and dexterity at their disposal.Vijay's calculus in trying to broaden his appeal by imbibing Nelson's characteristic wit and humour into his superstar image with "Beast" was, unfortunately, undone by unimaginative, derivative stunt sequences as well as a string of poorly written, underdeveloped supporting characters. Nelson clearly had to sacrifice his natural storytelling style to accommodate the 'superstar' persona of his lead actor and in forcibly making Vijay dominate every sequence, the narrative strength and emotional impact of the storyline clearly suffered.A disastrous, over-the-top, cringe-pro-max ultra-final act will render you speechless (in a bad way) and run screaming out of the theatre. Ultimately, we experienced the best parts of "Beast" even before the film's theatre release-its two superb songs "Arabic Kuthu" and "Jolly O Gymkhana" and its kickass BGM. This movie is one dumpster fire you would want to avoid at all costs. Not recommended!
1 I love the way Vijay character has been portrayed and he looks too good, that's the only plus of this movie.First Half of the movie was good because of the comedy. Too many comedians, but not much role given to Yogi Babu, Kingsley and other few cast from doctor. Pooja Hegde is totally waste in this movie.BGM is good and as usual for Fans they have shown Vijay as Mass.However, it didn't meet the expectations especially the climax. Introduction of Vijay was disappointing, there was no logic at all. Graphic designing is too bad. Nelson haven't knew what is a role of a Raw Agent, poor script. I can't how he made such movie after "Doctor". Definitely not worth.
1 Beast had a high expectation due to Nelson's previous movies were hit in the box office.Vijay was totally wasted in a very dull script.Apart from Vijay and Aniruth's Bgm film has no plus points.Vijay tried his best to save this sinking ship.
1 As boring, as uninteresting, as sloppy a movie can get ! It still has a couple of moments but not good enough to salvage the movie. Staring at a wall for more than 3 hours is still a better option.
8 Writer-director Kenneth Branagh tells a semi-autobiographical story. Young Jude Hill is playing in the street outside his row house, when suddenly Protestant gangsters march through and smash every Catholic household's windows, rip up the paving stones, and drive everyone, Catholic and Protestant alike to refuge. Soon the British Army is setting up occupation of the street, as the neighbors help each other, and Hill's immense extended family, presided over by grandfather Ciarn Hinds and grandmother Judi Dench seem to take everything in stride. But there's family problems as well as religious ones.This movie reminded me of 2018's Roma, an important moment in history through the eyes of a boy filtered through the adult sensibilities of the film maker.... but without the extreme deep-focus camerawork that kept me wondering when we were going to start telling another story. Branagh gives us visual fireworks, with the attack on the street shown from young Hill's perspective, with a double-360-degrees panorama in slow motion.In the end, the story is less about flashy camerawork or the religio-political uproar of the times, but how a loving, committed, decent family gets on with life, raising children, earning a living, and loving each other. Most stories about love are about the big events, the flashy events. This one shows us the day-to-day of love while everyone else is worrying about the big events.
7 To some it would come as a surprise that Kenneth Branagh is from Northern Ireland.He never hid the fact that his family moved to Britain once the Troubles started in the late 1960s.Once they arrived Branagh had to modify his Irish accent to fit in.The semi autobiographical Belfast expands on the forces that drove Branagh's parents to take the momentous step to move away from their homeland.Starting off in colour, it moves into black and white. Buddy is playing with other children in his neighbourhood. It is 1969 and both Protestants and Catholics live on the same street.Suddenly shocking violence erupts, a Protestant mob wants to force the Catholics out.In this turmoil, Buddy's dad who works as a carpenter in London contemplates moving to the mainland. Not helped by the financial woes over a tax demand.For Buddy it also means leaving behind his grandparents and the girl he fancies at school.For his dad, he is being pressurized to choose sides. It is no coincidence that one of the movies the family watches at the cinema is High Noon.The Troubles is now mainly consigned to history. I speak to my children in the past tense as to my experience of growing up during the IRA bombing campaign ranging from the 1970s to the 1990s.There was always a danger that visiting a city centre in the mainland during Christmas meant the risk of some kind of car bomb suddenly going off. In fact there was a day when I was stuck in a traffic jam meaning I was delayed getting to place that was earlier blown up by an IRA bomb.Belfast has been called nostalgic, having a thin plot. It is life affirming but does not shy away from the turmoil. It is framed in a child's viewpoint, wonderfully played by Jude Hill.The events of the film are still relevant. Brexit has placed dangers on the Good Friday Agreement. The present Tory government is cynically playing fast and loose with it. The impact of the Troubles must never be forgotten.
8 Greetings again from the darkness. Despite Irish ancestry, during my childhood, Ireland was vaguely described as a place to avoid due to the Northern Ireland Conflict (also known as The Troubles). In contrast, the childhood of writer-director Kenneth Branagh was smack dab in the middle of this political and religious mess. This autobiographical project is a sentimental look back at his youth and the connection to his career as a filmmaker. This is very attractive and appealing filmmaking, and one that acknowledges the violent atmosphere without dwelling on it.An opening aerial view of present day Belfast shipyards in full color abruptly transitions back to black and white 1969. A young boy plays and skips cheerfully as he makes his way through the apparently idyllic neighborhood. The pleasantries are shattered and give way to the frenzied fear and havoc created by an approaching angry mob. The native Protestants' goal is to push out all Catholics from the area. The happy young boy we first see is Buddy (played by newcomer Jude Hill), the stand-in for Branagh as a child. While watching, we must keep in mind that we are seeing things unfold through Buddy's eyes - which are actually the eyes of a middle-aged director looking back on his upbringing. This explains the sentimentality and nostalgia, two aspects handled exceedingly well.Buddy and his older brother Will (Lewis McAskie) live with their parents Ma (Caitriona Balfe, FORD V FERRARI, "Outlander") and Pa (Jamie Dornan, "The Fall"), and are close with Granny (Oscar winner Judi Dench) and Pop (Ciaran Hinds, one of the finest supporting actors working today). Pa spends much of his time away in London working as a carpenter, leaving Ma parenting diligently to create normalcy for the boys during tumultuous times. An added stress is the financial woes Ma and Pa face over tax debt. Granny and Pop are an endearing elderly couple still very much in love, despite their constant needling and bickering.As things escalate, the division over religion becomes more prevalent. Although he attempts to stay out of the fracas, Pa is faced with the "either with us or against us" decision - something he avoids as long as possible. Ma is obsessed with keeping her boys on the straight and narrow, despite their naivety and the many forces pulling them away. The family finds its emotional escape at the local cinema, which treats us to clips of bikini-clad Raquel Welch in ONE MILLION YEARS BC; Grace Kelly and Gary Cooper facing off with a similar 'stay or go' dilemma in HIGH NOON; John Wayne, Jimmy Stewart and Lee Marvin in THE MAN WHO SHOT LIBERTY VALANCE; and Dick Van Dyke in his flying car from CHITTY CHITTY BANG BANG. The sense of awe and wonder is laid on a bit thick for effect, but it helps us connect young Buddy with present day Branagh.It's quite a family dilemma. How do you decide to pack up and leave the only town you've ever called home, and when do you make that decision? When does the danger and turmoil pose too much to risk for your kids? There is a fun scene that provides young Buddy a lesson on how to answer, "Are you Protestant or Catholic?" It plays comically but has a serious undertone. Speaking of Buddy, newcomer Jude Hall in his feature film debut, uses his sparkling eyes and an engaging smile to light up the screen. His adolescent pining for Catherine (Olive Tennant), the smart girl in his class, is worthy of the price of admission. All of the actors are terrific, and in addition to young Mr. Hall, it's Caitriona Balfe (as Ma) whose performance really stands out. Award considerations should be in her future.Filmmaker Branagh has assembled a crew of frequent collaborators, including cinematographer Haris Zambarloukos, who works wonders with the monochromatic scheme. The soundtrack is chock full of Van Morrison songs - it is Ireland, after all, and the overall feeling is that this is a film Branagh needed to make in order to deal with his childhood prior to his family relocating to England. By not avoiding The Troubles, yet not focusing on it, Branagh has told his story in a personal way that should be relatable to many. It's a terrific film.BELFAST opens in theaters on November 12, 2021.
10 Belfast is a phenomenal drama that's really funny, heartwarming and heartbreaking whilst also feeling deeply personal for writer/director Kenneth Branagh. A film that's easily one of his best.Jude Hill gives an incredible lead performance full of the necessary warmth, joy and adorable naivety. Caitriona Balfe gives the standout performance and Jamie Dornan finally has a role that shows what he can really do. Judi Dench and Ciarn Hinds are wholesome scene stealers.Kenneth Branagh's direction is outstanding, consistently beautifully framed with every single one looking amazing with the transition from colour to black and white really working. The soundtrack is great and adds a lot to the more emotional moments.
8 What was it Mike Nichols once said, a film is like a person and either you trust it or you dont? I think that could be said for Belfast but I thought of it more about a kind of personality that a filmmaker brings to a work as well as the cast and everyone else involved, and on that note Belfast to me is a total sweetheart of a movie, where it has many moments where it's quite cute and charming, but it's always based around the fact that this family is doing their best and more or less succeeding in caring for one another and (as Dornan's dad points out towards the end to the little boy when he asks about if a Catholic can be with a Protestant) what the basic power of kindness can do.It's a film that manages the feat of having sentiment and even some sentimentality, but earning it throughout because (outside of maybe the bookends where the "Troubles" and all that horrible violence in the streets comes knocking) it doesn't cheapen what the stakes are or what these characters are going through. The basic question of "staying or leaving" is not one we haven't seen before in other films, and I'm sure we'll see again, yet Branaugh as writer/director gives the people here this honesty that is a family that is there together and there is this struggle (mostly for dad) to keep it together.This is beautifully rendered as well with this point of view coming from the little boy (standing in for Branaugh at that time I can assume but as with like Roma who knows) as he peers in on these arguments and conversations that have a repetition that isn't repetitive, if that makes sense. If you've been in a family that has money problems, this is just the way it is, and Dornan and especially Balfe have this chemistry that works perfectly.Another thing in its favor: you think the little boy Buddy (played by Jude Hill) will be cute and his interactions with others, especially the grandparents (good lord do Dench and Hinds, the latter I hope gets an Oscar, steal every scene they're in) could get tiresome, but Branaugh manages to keep him engaging and this mix that's hard to describe where he's universal and specific, like you don't even have to be a little boy just like at some time if you were young and trying to figure out a world that has so much stuff in it and there's the escape of movies and the wonder of astronauts alongside the horror of men in the streets throwing molotov cocktails... OK that part isn't everyone's experience, but there's little things Branaugh gets so right as a writer; my favorite is when his older cousin ropes him in as part of a "gang" initiation to steal something from the local sweet shop. How that resolves itself is ::chefs kiss::This whole thing reminds me of like what if you took one of those stories of childhood via Frank McCourt (or Malachy, one of those) and imbued it with a lot more warmth and a generosity of spirit, and it's in general a difficult movie to dislike or be too hard on without sounding like a grouch without any feelings. At the same time, I am critical of how the film opens and comes to a climax inasmuch as the "Troubles" set pieces are shot and presented in this tremendous manner that, of course, are impossible to ignore as far as the history at the time in Ireland and that city as a wholeBut it can't help but feel like... this is where it's a MOVIE in large letters, shot in an intense style like this is where it all becomes so overwhelming, which makes sense given the POV of this boy, and at the same time it loses that intimacy you have throughout the rest of the film, where it's power is in showing life's little moments having even more of a lasting impact. Also, with the one supporting character trying to force the Dad to pick a side as the one person I didn't quite believe (not the actor so much as the character, kind of one note you know). As a small technical aside, as much as I like Branaugh's eye for compositions (both usual and unusual, his framing is off in interesting ways), the digital quality of it all is distracting for me, and I wish this was shot on film for that crisper look.All that doesn't take away from the pathos that is all here, with humor that works because it's based around like how much we may have enjoyed being around people like this in our families. Is it idealized? I don't know, but it doesn't come across as that, if anything it shows that the human soul and spirit can be resilient and this is a lesson for kids all over but also ones for the adults, too. How is one any *good* in a family? Hard to say, except it comes down to being there and not giving up. That's the kind of tone Belfast has, and it is filled with little grace notes - one that I'm sure to remember is when Dench's grandma tells the grandpa before he has to go to the hospital that she will go with him by bus and take him in and stay with him till its all done and then take him home. She doesn't state it in any way that sounds false, and none of (admittedly very good) Van Morrison music to score this beat. It's just two people who have a love that is self evident by actions.So, in short: a sweet-heart of a movie, not to mention last but certainly not least that this is a fun time of expressing how remembering history through some pop-culture filtering can be entertaining and insightful (High Noon song, anyone?)
16 November 2021 "Go. Go now. Don't look back. I love you, son." Granny (Judi Dench)You can complain that Kenneth Branagh his filtered his 9-year-old Buddy (Jude Hill) through his own rose-colored revery of the 1969 bloody ethno-nationalist uprising in Belfast, and you'd be right. However, like all of us remembering, that past is most pleasantly remembered through the lens of loving family struggle that binds.While Branagh doesn't shy away from how the Northern Ireland Troubles between Protestants and Catholics was challenging all families, his endearing portrait of Buddy as a curious and sweet, albeit precocious, school boy for whom the biggest conflicts are figuring out how not to emigrate from Belfast because of the violence and connecting with the elusive little blonde who occupies the top of her class with Buddy.One of the best movies of the year, Belfast gives scant references to Branagh's eventual rise to the top of his filmmaking class and emphasizes the effect a loving family can have on a small-town lad. Especially nostalgic is his interaction with his Granny (Judi Dench) and Pop (Ciaran Hinds), who best represent the benign Belfast world, the one so difficult to leave behind.Branagh brilliantly chooses a sharp black and white for most of the film, as if to say, "Unlike the color opening, my story will be realistic in a cinematic sense that black and white usually represented in mid-20th century films." Adding a bunch of bad-boy Van Morrison tunes is a perfect surround-sound for the contradictions of Buddy's coming of age in a civil war that is both secular and religious.The joy of this film is the 9-year-old's warm, nostalgic remembrance of a war-torn land. Belfast confirms the suspicion that those of us lucky enough to grow up in a loving family can survive war and even coronaviruses and become world-renowned filmmakers.Belfast is one of Kenneth Branagh's best films, and that is saying much.
7 A very solid if unremarkable coming of age film set during the Irish troubles of 1969.This movie was very reminiscent of the 1987 film "Hope and Glory," only that film was much better. In fact, this movie reminded me a lot of the kinds of films that came out in the late 80s and throughout the 90s, accomplished and pleasing Oscar bait movies that gave not especially sophisticated adult film audiences products that were good and substantial enough to make them feel like they were seeing something important but safe enough to never make them feel challenged or threatened.For me, what gave "Belfast" its heart was not the central story about a little boy and the parents who want to give him a better life than war-torn Ireland allows, but rather the side story about the enduring love between his grandparents, played by Ciaran Hinds and Judi Dench. The best scenes in the movie were the ones featuring those two, and Dench's scene at the end is the one that lingered with me most. I was thrilled to pieces when both of them were recognized with Academy Award nominations.Grade: A-
7 "If they can't hear you, then they're not listening."Kenneth Branaugh's Belfast is an autobiographical account from his childhood. It depicts a story about a young boy and his working class family experiencing the tumultuous late 1960s in the hometown of Belfast. I'm going to say it, I've never been taken away by Branaugh's direction in the past. He's a great actor and all, but when it comes to filmmaking, everything I've seen from him has either just been okay or disappointed. Maybe it's because he's never made something as personal as this. Though I don't think it's as wonderful as everyone makes it out to be, I did find myself enjoying Belfast. It manages to create a story centered around family and what it feels like to be a child growing up in a place that's dear to you. With the story being almost auto-biographical, you see the world as Branaugh did. It's a fun and lovely story, even if it touches on heavier subjects like loss and riots. I found the screenplay to be written well. Honestly, this movie could very well be considered a comedy. It's full of humor and light. Still, it can play out a bit melodramatic, especially the end. The ending for me was a little abrupt. I was told there was going to be a scene full of emotion to make everyone cry, but that moment passed and it was the end. I'm glad it ended on that note instead of Branaugh's original ending which had a documentary sort of thing going on and him returning to Belfast. Luckily we have editors to cut things out.What made the movie, at least for me, were the performances. With the likes of Caitriona Balfe, Jamie Dornan, Judi Dench, and Ciarn Hinds you're in for some great acting. Dench and Hinds have smaller performances than the others but play the perfect grandparents you'd want. Dornan, and though we've known he's a better actor than his work in the 50 Shades series, is great and has a lot of fun with his more serious role that does get to have some fun. The absolute best comes from Balfe. She's the best part of the whole movie. For me, she was that part that made the movie most emotionally gripping. And then there's Jude Hill who is the only lead. He may be whiny and that irritating kid sometimes, but he sees the world as a new adventure everyday which is always pleasant to watch. As his first major role and at such a young age, I believe he did a good job. Branaugh set out to make a movie that would possibly win him awards and be the crowd pleaser of the year. Personally, I don't think his direction was all that amazing. He does a good job, but it felt like we've seen variations of the movie already and it was easy to know everything to come. As stylistic as he may try to make it out to be, the only stylish thing is the black-and-white cinematography and all the movies and stage performances are shown in color. I don't think everything he did works (the first couple minutes of the movie did not start out so great), but he did make a solid movie in the end. Belfast is a heartfelt watch and has great performances and good writing, but I ended wanting more out of it. I do think this will go well with audiences and critics, some calling it the best of the year. It comes out in a couple weeks and is bound to win some Oscars, so check it out if you'd like.
8 This film was funny, heartfelt, sad and scary all in one. Although it is based at the start of the troubles the film didn't fully focus on the terror those times caused. It was good to see the Northern Irish humour being portrayed. Belfast isn't just about bombs and religion.For those distraught about the film being black and white. Seriously?! I didn't even notice after about the 30seconds. It brought the film to its time and gave it charm. In all a great, mostly, light film based around a horrible time in Belfast.
7 A film that reminds you of the great moments in Lady Bird and JoJo Rabbit, with a coming of age arc at the center of a movie about what "home" means. But it doesn't quite live up to either story overall. Belfast is a well done film however, it also may be the years most overrated.7.2/10.
8 Belfast is one of the best movies by Branagh.I completely fell in love with the script, its funny, its deep, turns a somewhat complex concept into a fair enough simple plot by the eyes of a child and what a performance by Jude Hill. He steals your whole attention since the beginning, authentic and emotional performance. Would it be too much to nominate him for an Oscar?Other thing I loved was the black-and-white vintage look. This kind of movies are rarely made now but usually are very good (like Roma, Cold War or more recently The French Dispatch) and this one doesnt run away from it.Overall I was glued to the screen from start to finish. If you havent seen it, what are you waiting for?
10 Belfast is the equivalent of a stormy, rainy day, creating a perfect calm-before-the-storm kind of feeling. Written and directed by Kenneth Branagh, this family story is a tasteful, bittersweet masterpiece.Set in a small neighborhood in Northern Ireland during the late 1960s, Buddy (Jude Hill), a young boy from a small-town family, experiences life in tumultuous times. As religious tensions between the tight-knit community members grow, his family dodges shady neighbors and argues the question of moving out of Belfast while Buddy tries to ace his time tables. Belonging to the struggling working class, Buddy's father (Jamie Dornan) often travels for weeks at a time leaving him and his older brother (Lewis McAskie) to explore Belfast on their own. However, their father and mother (Caitriona Balfe) are always there to protect them when danger comes their way.Four things really stand out to me watching this film. First, the use of black and white with some color is really outstanding. It creates a sense of nostalgia and the few choice moments with color helps those scenes stand out. Second, the sound is absolutely fantastic. In every scene, there is a sound effect that enhances it, it's the sound of rain, fire, or a buzzing television. The quality of the sound effects is astounding, adding another layer of engagement when watching this film. Third, the acting is especially impressive. Young talent Jude Hilly, especially, is quite a star and steals the show. I also love the talent of Caitriona Balfe, who masters the strength and emotion of a mother. Lastly, every scene is very intimate; the camera is always up and close to the action and the family, making audiences feel closer to the main characters.Kenneth Branagh's film, based on a true story from his own childhood, touches audiences' hearts with an intimate view of family and the struggles of the working class. Parents should be aware there is some profanity, mention of religion, aggression and minor violence.I rate Belfast 5 out of 5 stars and recommend it for ages 14 to 18, plus adults. This film opens in theaters November 12, 2021. By Abigail L., KIDS FIRST!
8 'Belfast', Kenneth Branagh's film, brings to the screen the story of one of those places which were and are too many on our planet. A place where families lived together for a long time sharing joys and challenges, where children grew up together, teenagers fell in love and adults greeted each other, chatted and helped each other even though the churches they prayed to or the languages they spoke at home were different. A place where the accumulation of nationalist or religious tensions fractured the social fabric and turned yesterday's neighbors into enemies. It happens today and we see the tragedies every night on the news. It happened for three decades in Northern Ireland during the period in history that is now called the 'Troubles'. 'Belfast' returns to 1969, the year of the outbreak of incidents, the deterioration of human relations and the first outbreaks of violence in Northern Ireland. For Kenneth Branagh, who is also the author of the screenplay, this is a film with obvious autobiographical overtones. Buddy, the hero of the film, is a nine-year-old boy, exactly the age of Branagh in the year his family decided to leave Belfast in flames and start a new life in England. 'Belfast' has not only the privilege of being told from the perspective of a child, but also the historical advantage of describing a conflict resolved through one of those agreements between enemies that seemed impossible during its peak times, an agreement that is maintained over two decades despite all the pessimistic predictions and historical upheavals. Can violence be attenuated or offset by nostalgia in such an account of a complex historical period? Kenneth Branagh largely manages to avoid the pitfalls and provide a positive response.The opening scene of 'Belfast' is very similar to the beginning of another film competing for this year's Academy Awards - Spielberg's 'West Side Story'. A street with simple people who seem happy with their lives. Neighbors know and greet each other cordially and a child plays freely the medieval knights using the lid of a trash can as a shield. However, the threat is at the edge of the street and violence is taking over the landscape, when a gang of Protestant extremists appears separating the Catholic 'enemies', terrorizing them, destroying their cars, shops, homes. The mother of the child who plays the knight saves him from violence and the play shield becomes the item to save their lives. The kid is Buddy and from his perspective the whole story is told. The family is not even Catholic, they are just moderate Protestants who do not divide the world into friends and enemies according to the way they pray to God. Sometimes this posture is more difficult. The father works in England, the mother raises the two boys practically alone, with heroism and dedication, but the violence around them increases, including the pressure to take a militant position in an absurd conflict, because otherwise ... The child attends his parents' discussions , is part of their dilemma to leave the city and neighborhood where they have lived all their lives, to go into exile in England or even further afield, in Canada or Australia. From his point of view, the parents are heroes, and that's how they look and behave, dedicated and doing their best to protect their children and raise them as good human beings. Much of the film transports us as in a time capsule into the lives of these 'ordinary' people trying to live decently in a troubled time, with all the meanings of the word 'decently'. The kids play and adults dance scenes, and especially those in the cinema are each anthology pieces.Kenneth Branagh proves in this very personal film that he can combine sensitivity and involvement with talent and perfect mastery of the secrets of the profession. In addition to the story itself, something or many interesting things are always happening on the screen. The cameras do pirouettes, follow the heroes, go down to the height of the boy who tells the story or rise above the roofs to put the action in context. Most of the film is black and white, with a Belfast filmed with love under the oppressive sky which seems permanently invaded by threatening clouds, but from time to time sequences or just spots of color mark feelings and moments of escapism. Like many of the directors who are also actors, Branagh manages to bring out the best of the talent of the actors he works with and makes them involve in the roles and blend into them. Caitriona Balfe creates one of the feminine roles that has impressed me the most lately. Jude Hill is great as thr storyteller. Seeing him, I wonder if anyone has ever thought of an Academy Award category for children's actors. Jude Hill would probably win the statuette this year. Judi Dench and Ciarn Hinds also create a memorable couple in the role of grandparents and the final frame with the actress will not be forgotten for a long time by those who saw the film. There are also a few moments of failure - a completely missed key scene, dialogues sometimes so rhetorical that sound like sermons for the obvious - but these only diminish to a small extent the strong impression that this film left on me. Describing a personal experience, dealing with a conflict that, at least for the moment, is extinguished, Kenneth Branagh alleviated the nightmare with the innocent perspective of a child growing up in the middle of a conflict zone and looking nostalgically at childhood, bringing back the shadows of his parents and grandparents. 'Belfast' is a film that, although set in a well-defined place and time, is painfully universal and actual.
9 Kenneth Branagh's film offers a glimpse into his childhood in Belfast in the late 1960s when the city was being torn apart by sectarian violence. The narrative shifts from joy and wonder to fear and uncertainty with shocking smoothness.The story is told from the perspective of a young boy, who tries to make the most of his dodgy surroundings. His school, his strict Protestant church and his family all shape his identity. Meanwhile, his parents have a tenuous hold on their home and financial situation, primarily due to the father's long history of dodging tax obligations. The mother struggles to raise her boys in a safe and stable environment, especially as she mostly is left alone with the kids due to her husband working in England. The boy's grandparents are often his closest friends much of the time as their wisdom offers him comfort.This film covers it all, a realistic and honest reflection of the instability of Belfast's neighborhoods as well as the personal challenges of dealing with uncertainty and the dwelling question of leaving or staying in one's native environment. The conclusion is impeccable and left me choking up, a feeling that lingers on as I still ponder it. With an perfectly selected Van Morrison soundtrack, this one's a winner. Highly, highly recommended.
8 This is the type of film that the Kashmiri Pandits of India deserve, about their exodus from Kashmir.It is autobiographical, with events pertaining to the Irish troubles of the late 60s, when there was large scale rioting between the Protestants and the Catholics, serving as the background. The foreground are growing up woes of Buddy, a "wee" boy, who lives with his mother and elder brother in Belfast, the epicenter of Troubles, with a father who works at far away England, a philosophical grand father and a witty grand mother. There are pleasant episodes about Buddy's schooling, his longing to be friends with the topper girl, marred by the always lurking violence.Brannagh- the director here, who is known more as an actor (seen most recently in No Time to Die as the chief villain), has also made some top notch films. This is surely his very best. The story, from the opening riot to the final act, is a scorcher and should get a nomination for the best original screenplay.This is touchy, just the right side of emotional without being too raw. It has thrills as well as drama and is easily one of the best films of 2021. Oscar nomination for best film looks like a certainty.
9 As in don't push me, cause I'm close to the edge ... and so forth. There are problems we face in life and then there are real issues and uncertainty. If you live in certain areas or cities you have to face a lot of pain, heartache and have quite the strong will to survive. Now add an extended family and their (economic) struggle as well ... and you'll see the bigger picture.There are quite a few genuine moments here, there are other things in this that seem a bit too convinient too. Overall this is more than nicely told and mostly held in black and white (there are moments apart from the introduction where some light will shine through - pun intended).There is quirky moments too, either in the dialog (vegan satanists anyone), but also visually. The young boy who is terrific by the way, even in the one scene where you could accuse him of being annoying - his reaction is more than warranted in my book - his outburst and his passion to keep and hold on to the things he knows and has that is ... other than his performance Kenneth Branagh also gives him a comic book. Not any comic book, but a Thor one. Which goes to show that any rumours that you may have heard (I know I heard some), that he wasn't too pleased working with and for the MCU may not be based on anything.But while I talk about the light things (and the music is phenomenal in that respect too, with many recognizable songs, that probably were released up to the point the movie is supposed to play, also the original Star Trek and other things popping up as cultural references), there is a lot of drama and darkness here too. But it is that struggle and that juxtaposition between light and heavy, which is beautifully balanced that make this movie really worth your while.The universal themes will be touching anyone watching this. Music, references and so forth will add to that flavor for those in the know ... and the Academy has decided that that is enough to nominate the movie for quite a few Oscars ... good choice or not will depend on your taste, but the movie is more than well done and I am happy for those involved.
10 This film is an absolute delight. It makes you smile from start to finish despite dark source material. It makes you feel and also makes you laugh. This film is quality from the cinematography, to the performances, to the script. It'll take a good film these next 11 months to displace this as my film of the year 2022.
28 March 2022 I admit, it was the film who I expected be the choosen of the Oscar of this year. Because, for so many reasons, it deserves it.It is admirable acted.It propose the fair family story.It is a ball of very different emotions, powerful all.It is, just it is a pure Kenneth Branagh at the level of confession between intimates.It gives the admirable young Jude Hill.It is just usefull. For humor, portraits, atmosphere, precise analysis of the fundamental traits of a time.So, good to see it.
1 January 2022 "Belfast" tells a story of a young boy who grows up in a turbulent time. Belfast it's all he knows, therefore he still loves Belfast and don't want to leave. It is a heartfelt story, and really connects with the viewers. The only scene in colour also gets you thinking as well.
10 The word masterpiece is banded around too often when it comes to movies . Not by me .But this IS a masterpiece and it's film's like Belfast that are the reason I love this medium.This is Kenneth Branagh's semi autobiographical film about a young boy and his working-class Belfast family , who experience the tumultuous late 1960s through good and bad in Northern Ireland.There is so much I want to say about this film.Firstly , if it doesn't win best picture this year I will never watch The Oscars again . It's a marvel of a film without it being anything like a Marvel film , thank god.The cinematography is just amazing. It's predominantly set in black and white but there are little glimpses of colour that are just wonderful. One scene in particular where granny ( Judi Dench) is watching A Christmas Carol at the theatre with Buddy and the warm reflection of the colour from the stage is reflected in her glasses. Glorious.Despite it being set during the troubles in Belfast , this is not the topic of the film . It's about a family seen through the eyes of a child ( presumably Branagh?) and it's delightful. It's funny , it's heartbreaking , it's life and despite never setting foot in Belfast myself , It felt like I was Buddy .It's hard to pick out anyone in particular for their performances because everyone is amazing . From Jude Hill who plays Buddy to Judi Dench who plays Granny . The black and white makes all of her look her age and it's so beautiful. Even Jamie Dornan is great and I'm not usually convinced of his acting ability .To top this all off there is a fantastic soundtrack featuring mainly the brilliant Van Morrison .There are lots of references to films of the era .One scene that will stay with me for a very long time is when the family go to see Chitty Chitty bang bang and we see their reaction to the car going over the cliff and their body movements as if they are in the car themselves . GeniusKenneth Branagh has had a mixed past when it comes to directing films but he's made a movie here , that has blown me out of the water .As I said - A Genuine Masterpiece.
9 Writer and director Kenneth Branagh really gets close and up front and intimate with his personal growing up awakening drama "Belfast". As the director claims it was of his past early life growing up in the late 60's in Northern Ireland. The film done in black and white captures the times and mood of the late 60's with the music and costumes, as we see young boy Buddy(Jude Hill) facing the trials and up and down times of family and life. However to make things complex even more the country and town both are going thru tense like uprisings of violence that involve religious and political differences. Still thru and thru Buddy's family remains tough and solid as stern Granny(the great Judi Dench) shines. And the biggest scene stealer is Caitriona Balfe as Buddy's tough loving overprotective mom who always does and wants the right thing for her family. Really this film is intimate a touching one of love and family a timely felt showcase that shows emotions and being tough outlast stormy and uncertain times. Director Kenneth Branagh has really scored here with a fine compelling personal epic family drama.
10 Watched this tonight as part of sky vip premier showings (two days before general release in the uk).Found the film to be funny sad and catchy in all the right ways. Makes a change to watch something in black and white and I wasn't sure I'd enjoy it. But it has to go up there amongst one of the best films I have watched. The sound track is fantastic. I could
Easily sit and watch it again.It's a must see you'd be silly to miss it.
8 Kenneth Branagh delivers a beautiful, heartfelt film about a family in 1969 Belfast. Branagh's love for the town of Belfast is palpable. The cast is superb--especially, Caitriona Balfe, whose portrayal as a wife and mother, torn between staying in her native Belfast as religious and political violence escalates or moving to England for her family's safety, is heartbreaking.
9 Greetings from Lithuania."Belfast" (2021) is a wonderful movie written and directed by Kenneth Branagh. Clearly inspired on this person's childhood, this movie is not about religious disputes or anything like that. Its a movie about one men's memories about his childhood. What things look to him at the moment is what we see true his eye. And despite living on a different place and time me myself in my childhood i could easily relate to it because everyone remember their grandfather and grandmother for being ones heroes and etc. Their first best friends, their moms and dads and their inner backyard as being center of the world. At the end of this wonderful movie i remembered "Tokyo Story" (1953) because of its similar feeling and ideas it gave to me.Overall, perfectly paced at running time 1 h 35 min "Belfast" is one of the best movies i saw in some time. Directing and writing were probably best Kenneth Branagh has ever done. Acting was amazing by everyone and cinematography and art design really place one in that place and time. Great movie.
6 Director Kenneth Branagh returns to his childhood past in Belfast, a black and white memory of the age old struggle between Protestant and Catholic during heightened tension between the two in the late 60s and early 70s known as The Troubles. Branagh and clan left early in a conflict that would go beyond Northern Ireland borders and last 30 years so the title can be a touch deceptive in that it deals more with a family in conflict than present an all encompassing overview of a city and its people under duress that certain places (ex: Dunkirk) evoke.Belfast is mostly seen through the eyes of a child, impressively played by Jude Hill, as he tries to make sense of all the calamity as well as understand the logic of his parents and grandparents. As the parents in crisis Caitriona Balfe and Jamie Dornan share some powerful scenes together while Ciaran Hinds turns in his standard solid work and Judy Dench delivers some touching moments as the grandparents.Branagh's direction is inconsistent though with some scenes flat and near pointless. His mise en scene rings artificial and some of his minor casting has a falseness to it as well. Branagh also shies away from expressing the deep seeded hatred between the two groups in favor of the family dynamic at play and in doing so dilutes the desperation they face. A mediocre nostalgia piece whose title and place in history deserves much deeper examination.
